7	I was sitting on the bus coming back from school. A man from nearly forty years sat beside me. After a while I looked at him and saw that he was looking at me with opened throusers and holding his penis.
7	Once when I crossed the street, and was nearly trampled by a car.
7	Passing (by car) over a bridge where only one car could pass. There was a precipice on both sides, no protection grilles, and the bridge was completely muddled.
7	The day that there was a black-out in the city, and I was in an exposition, I felt fear that something more serious was happening, like a revolution for example.
7	The week before I entered to army, when we were being selected. During 5 days I had to pass 10 hours a day waiting for the answer, which at last was the worst. The fear of being convoked, of hearing the fated phrase, was constant.
7	One day, when I realized that I was alone, I felt fear of loneliness.
7	When I saw a horror film.
7	I had an important amount of money with me and felt fear of being assaulted.
7	I felt fear some months ago of losing the person whom I loved when she said to me that she didn't love me.
7	I was in a train where a fight occurred. One person who was there opened his handbag and took out a gun, another who fought too looked among his things for a weapon to fight.
7	One day I was near home, kissing my boyfriend in a car when my mother appeared and asked me to go home, because she didn't know about the event.
7	When I had to talk with an important person about a job.
7	I received a phone call from a high school friend whose younger sister studied with me at the University and gave me a lift every moning. She was going to get married to a guy whom I knew too and who had died when he fell from a building, I was afraid to lose somebody since I had already lost a brother in an accident.
7	I was alone at home, a man forced the front door which was locked, forced and tried to open a window.
7	I should have given a test lesson to get a job. I had no courage. I didn't make the test.
7	I was in the dark room, it's insecure and has holes covered with wooden sheets in the roof the establishment had already been assaulted and could be assaulted again.
7	I'm afraid of driving on the special seat of a mororcycle, mainly with certain colleagues who by exces of self-confidence drive beyond limits or measure in the traffic and the main victim is always the person who sits behind the driver.
7	That someone would discover whom I really love.
7	When there was a fight at home and my father threatened to throw a chair on my brother.
7	I was with a friend in a stationed car when, suddenly a man appeared on my side and an other with a gun on his side the hold-up lasted a few minutes but it was terrible. I had never seen a gun so close.
7	When I and the person mentioned above had a suspicion of pregnancy.
7	Practicing wind-surf my body was caught under the sail. On trying to get out my leg was caught in the lashing. I was afraid of dying by asphixia.
7	Motorcyclistic accident where for some minutes I didn't know if I was alive or dead, I remained \cold levered\" during the situation á|but felt great fear."
7	When I whatched a horror film on a Friday 13th.
7	There was a scene of shooting in front of my house, I was very afraid. Two armed men confronting. I didn't discover the reason of the incident.
7	When I sit for examinations.
7	I am afraid if I'll finish the term.
7	I could have been killed by a falling object.
7	I feel fear when I only imagine I could lose confidence in my own abilities and powers. A similar feeling I feel sometimes before an exam.
7	Late one night I was pursued by gipsies who had no good intentions.
7	I was crossing the street together with some colleagues of mine when I suddenly found myself almost under the wheels of a truck.
7	I woke up in the middle of the night of a nightmare, I was alone, it was very quiet and very dark.
7	When I was ringing up a guy who was my teen idol, and was in Auckland. I was really scared, I didn't know what to say or do.
7	When I nearly caused a traffic accident with my car.
7	Walking at friday night through Nijmegen, going to a pub or a disco.
7	I felt fear when my mother was heavily ill.
7	I felt it at the same time when I felt disgust.
7	I experienced this feeling when the doctors found a nodule in one of my mother's breasts. It turned out to be an occlusion resulting from continious sucking but for a few days I was not in my reason.
7	I was to be given an audition to get a role. I had a competitress and I wasn't well prepared because I was ill.
7	Once I was alone at home. I suddenly felt unwell and there was no one to help me and call First Aid.
7	When diving deep into the sea to reach the floor I felt breathless. I was cautious but I doubted I should be able to come to the surface and inhale.
7	One fears many things, for example one fears going to the dentist. but as far as I am concerned this feeling is connected with the examination session.
7	Having a car accident.
7	I experienced it once when we were on a drive. Our car passed by the one comming from the opposite direction at an incredibly small distance.
7	I felt it when I sat for my exam in anatomy.
7	A friend of mine gave birth to a child. Very dangerous delivery. I was afraid for her and for the baby.
7	Few years ago my father was very ill. He stayed at a hospital for a long time. Then I experienced that terrible feeling that I might lose him.
7	In the real sense of the word I experienced fear in my first months in the army. During my first night of duty. The cause for all this was a bear. I became panic sticken (may be for the first time) and even forgot that I had a gun.
7	Can think of no time that I have felt fear.
7	I was in the Korean War. We were attacked with mortars, me and companion. We stopped the jeep and ran for cover. Fortunately neither of us was hit but we both came close to being killed.
7	While tramping on a narrow path two of us were confronted by a woman with two snarling dogs, demanding we get off the property - via a flooded river !
7	I was attacked, standing in a doorway, by a pack of 5 dogs, alsatians and farm dogs with my escape route blocked by a shut fence.
7	When confronted and in my opinion hassled by the police.
7	When, for example, my grandfather fell seriously ill. It was necessary for him to be operated and I felt great fear of losing him because he is so dear to me.
7	The last time I felt it was when I was coming home late at night.
7	Fear of the loss of a close friend, of feeling the ground slipping from under my feet.
7	If a close relative's life is in danger.
7	Before an examination.
7	I felt a physical fear, if I can call it this way, today, in the bus where I was sitting on the first seat. While turning the driver didn't see the tram which was making a dash towards us (coming from the side I was), and whose driver intended to cross in yellow light.
7	This feeling I sensed quite recently. It was arisen by the terrific thought that I might lose the man I loved !
7	I had to have my tonsils out. I had been making up my mind almost for a year - I was afraid. But during the two hours in the hospital room, while I was waiting to be called for the operation I felt a real fear - of the pain, of what they were going to do to me, of the unknown.
7	I felt this feeling when one day my landlord's cat had crept under my bed and I couldn't cope with it during an hour and a half.
7	One evening I was watching the news on TV. Again they were talking about the danger of war. Suddenly I imagined what it might mean for me, for my friends, for the people close to me. I felt it a very near and possible event.
7	I broke my knee when I was skiing over \Yastrebetz\" (a racing á|track in a Bulgarian winter resort)."
7	I felt fear once, when the car in which I travelled directed towards the precipice along the road.
7	When I broke my leg I felt fear.
7	In a dam lake, when the water was let flow to water the plants and I and two other boys were near the water pit. We rescued ourselves only thanks to the flippers and the tyre that was with us.
7	I was alone in my room at the boarding house when at 12 o'clock someone knocked violently on the door.
7	I was going to knock down a pedestrian with my car.
7	The night before my wife had given birth to our twins. I felt fear in the hospital yard, I feared if everything was going to be in order.
7	A fear from the loss of a close friend as a result of his behavior.
7	I felt fear when I sat for one of my exams. Though my fear was not quite justifiable, I still remember about it.
7	A fear of lack of personal powers.
7	Because of a conflict with my parents there was a possibility to interrupt my studies.
7	Before an exam in logics.
7	I bet that I would jump down from a window. I was sure that I would jump but before I did it I rather felt fear.
7	I had a car accident.
7	Before going to the dentist.
7	When I have to go in for an exam and the examinor is a person with a whimsical character and unsteady requirements.
7	I am afraid before an exam or colloquium.
7	One evening a friend of mine was telling a fearful story, nobody took it seriously but I got frightened.
7	Few days ago I really experienced fear. It was connected with unexpected actions on the part of a group of people. This evoked in me many negative emotions.
7	I was a bit frightened when it was found that there was something wrong with my liver. However it turned out that it was not serious and I need not worry.
7	Fear overwhelmed me when right against the car I was in I saw another one, as if out of control of the driver.
7	Two years ago I saw a film on the TV. Even now it makes me afraid.
7	I felt something close to that when I saw that there was a man on the terrace of the flat.
7	I was at the seaside and my brother disappeared for a couple of hours.
7	Once as a child I dreamed of a fire. Since that time I hadn't wanted to sleep in that bed and had feared the night darkness (and so it is now).
7	I was walking on the pavement when a white car rolled on it and directed towards me. I was quite near the house wall when it rolled by and hit me.
7	I had worries about a certain illness.
7	This was what I felt when my boyfriend went to Bourgas to study there. I had the feeling I would lose him. Anyway the distance Plovdiv-Bourgas seemed to me so great.
7	Fear when fulfilling my obligations on my first night fatigue duty as a soldier.
7	Fear from the unknown. I felt fear when I sat for the entrance examinations.
7	Students fear many things but we seem to fear the examinations most of all. I remember I was horror stricken before my microbiology exam, because it was a decisive one.
7	I fear before each exam.
7	It was not long ago when I and two of friends of mine got quite drunk and one of them began to rave under the influence of the alcohol. I felt fear of what could have happened.
7	I felt fear when I fell down and broke my leg into pieces and I could not feel it at all.
7	I feel fear quite often but this feeling was very strong last year when my husband was quite unexpectedly sent to the hospital.
7	It was some years ago when one evening some people came home and told us my father was badly injured in an accident.
7	When I failed my first exam at the Higher Institute.
7	I was terrified during an axcursion in Italy. I was lost and left alone in this unfamiliar country.
7	When I first sat for an entrance examination.
7	Watching a horror movie with friends.
7	Walking home at night after university - part of the way, there are ano lights and I am walking down a thoroughfare with the thouth of no one hearing me if I have to scream.
7	I had to tell someone that I was interested in remaining celibate and alone. And that my spiritual master strictly prohibited sexual relations outside of marriage. This caused great fear through lack of conviction afraid to hurt someone's feelings despite my own being hurt in the process.
7	A Maori language oral test, yeaterday - Although I had studied intensely - once in the examiners room \I blew it\" -  I was so á|nervous I couldn't reply easily - It was very important, but I á|got only blankness."
7	A truck (big one) nearly mowed me off the road (I was driving a small Lazer).
7	When my mother entered surgery for a quadruple heart bypass. I felt intense fear at the time she was actually wheeled away.
7	I caught a huge eel on a fishing line which I had pulled into the boat. I cut the line and threw the whole lot back into the water. Later that day and about ten miles away I went swimming and someone made the comment wondering how far eels could swim, I abruptly ended swimming for fear at an unseen eel for a few days until we had left the district.
7	After I had managed to fail my first year at University I was scared as to what I was going to do with my future. I didn't want a mundane 9-5 job and yet I didn't know if I could pay my way through an unsubsidized year at university to settle down and continue my studies.
7	My mother did not come home till late at night (Ages ago). Anyway if I don't know where my parents are and when they'll be back I start thinking that perhaps they have had an accident and are perhaps dead.
7	When I was in a car with my parents and friends and we had to back up (reverse) pass a river which when I recall it (I was only about 5 yrs) seemed we were going to fall in and drown.
7	I had this experience of fear when few people were fighting at a social one night, which one of my relative was involved. My fear was greatly for him because he was being assaulted badly.
7	Had fear of losing husband.
7	That if ever I was really naughty I would be sent away from my Mum and Dad to another family. I was fostered from age 5 and didn't get to Mum and Dad until I was 6 and then legally adopted at 14.
7	When approached by a gang of youths in town at night.
7	My daughter was 2 yrs she went up to a colt tried to hit it. It turned on her and kicked her over the heart, sent her flying through the air. I left my mother and sister to deal to her as they are nurses. I felt I didn't want to know if she was going to die, it was just too much.
7	I walked up the main street of Auckland at 10 o'clock at night. I expected it to be very active with people, gangs, fast cars etc, thought it was actually quite quiet, though also oppressive. I walked about half a mile and bought a drink along the way.
7	Being sexually assaulted (not rape, but passionate kissing) by a friend's father - he stopped when he was driving me home. I hadn't wanted the lift, had refused 3 times, and then felt it'd be rude to refuse again. Was really afraid of what he might do.
7	Fear of punishment for having broken an item of value to my parents.
7	Riding through a bush fire on an island of Australia - on a pushbike as a little boy - all alone, lost and surrounded by smouldering wood and flame.
7	Waiting for a taxi - when within 1/2 an hour two separate people challenged me to fight for no apparent reason except they were drunk.
7	When I decided to leave my steady, secure employment to come to university. Because I didn't know if I could cope with all the requirements of study and also being older I didn't know if I would enjoy mixing with younger people, also financial insecurity.
7	Being harrassed for being gay; suggestions of being physically beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar.
7	Assaulted by drunken neighbour.
7	I was watching a movie alone - it was a horror movie. The music was a deep pulsing type - not really music. And a light flashed on and off. It was in the complete darkness of a movie theatre that was almost empty.
7	Being alone in Europe and having to catch a train and bus to the airport, then board the plane alone.
7	When I was jumped by three men in a deserted area.
7	Haven't been frightened for ages.
7	Obscene phone call where the person knew my name.
7	When I was attacked by a teenage boy and had my wallet stolen.
7	As a result of breaking the indicator light as mentioned for guilt.
7	Being driven by friend who suddenly swerved and skidded a little. It was night and on a long trip. We ended up on side of road.
7	In a flat in Sydney - rough area at home on my own - the flat had been burgled the night before and no way of locking the door.
7	Watched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women.
7	Being alone at night.
7	Stopped at lights in Mangere late one Friday night on way home from work. Alone in car when someone came up behind the car and started banging and shaking it. Light was red and had nowhere to go until light changed. When green I took off.
7	To talk in a meeting - expound my thoughts on a subject. Fear delayed me acting to do this.
7	Confronted outside a party by some very nasty character - gesturing to a car full of mean-acting friends - felt in danger.
7	I was skiing alone and the mountain became covered with mist and I thought I was lost and was going to panic.
7	When I had to give a speech about some historical event, to an audiece of about 200 people my own age whom I did not know.
7	When riding in a very fastly-driven car on a lose metal road at a very late hour - no other cars on road, and driver was taking corners very sharply. I felt afraid - because if an accident happened, the area was very isolated. Also, I feared for driver, after I was dropped off - would he make it home safely.
7	A friend (female) and I were on holiday on Great Barrier Island by ourselves. One night we were nearly raped by about 20 locals - they came to our bach and tried to break the doors down. All of them were stoned or drunk and we hid under the bunks and were totally terrified. Eventually these guys gave up and went looking for us on the beach. We escaped and slept in the bush for 2 nights.
7	Skiing down a very icy slope, very fast in white-out conditions. Out of control with no idea of what I was doing or where I was heading.
7	When I was very young and we moved as a family to Auckland from Wellington, this meant new school and friends (etc.).
7	As a passenger in a vehicle travelling from the steep side of Arthur's Pass in the middle of a sleet-storm, icy roads, sheer chasms to one side, sheer face to the other.
7	I imagined I heard footsteps up the hall while sleeping in bed one night by myself in the house.
7	Held under water by a large wave and thought I was drowning.
7	Mugged while on holiday in the U.S.A.
7	Canoeing across harbour in winds - 20 knots and rising seas.
7	Almost crashing into the back of a car while driving along the motorway on my motorcycle.
7	I went to see a movie and I went with a friend, it was really frightening and it made me stop and think about the world around me and what it is really like out there. I was frightened all that night.
7	I was walking home one night (after getting a bus to my town) when I was confronted by a group of males (about 6), they would not let me pass - they made comments etc. - I crossed the road and hurried home.
7	Thinking that I had been seen smoking at school by a teacher - waiting to be summoned to the headmaster's office.
7	A large german shepherd dog ran and barked at me (he didn't bite fortunately).
7	I was hitchhiking and was picked up by a stranger he drove into the woods and wanted to make love with me, I refused and escaped from the car. When walking in the wood and hearing the car I was afraid.
7	Sleeping alone in a tent, while hearing several noises such as rustling etc, I am afraid that there are people who are up to no good.
7	At the age of 12 years I always had to take care of my little brother and sister I never could sleep then. I always imagined creepy men sneaking into our house.
7	I have a fobic anxiety for elevators. This anxiety is worst at the moment when the doors have to open. I have it often in the elevator at our university.
7	I was afraid when my first boyfriend threatened to make an end to our relationship because he didn't love me enough while I loved him very much.
7	When I was sitting in a car next to a man who was masturbating.
7	When my cat ran under a car and came home wounded. He could hardly walk. I didn't dare to go to a veterinarian because I was afraid he would kill him.
7	When I went out with my dog in a forest late at night when we were on a camping.
7	When I entered the operation theatre and underwent a difficult operation.
7	On the scenic railway at the fairground.
7	When I was a child, one day, I was going home late at night and I did not notice an uncovered man hole and fell in it.  I was in there for several minutes.
7	I found myself involved in a fight in which a person died and I had to intervene with some risk.
7	Before I had a tooth pulled out.  I was very upset and ill.
7	Together with a little brother I biked on a lonely road in the Polder. Then we were annoyed by a boy on a motorbike: he took over, stopped, took over, etc. Then we saw he had something in his hand, we turned until we came across a man, who accompanied us.
7	My father was very angry with me, and I locked me up in the shower. Then my father knocked his fist through the door, I was scared to death.
7	I am thinking about death, the eternal of it, the unknown, the sense of being here. Often, laying in bed in the dark and quiet, the fear makes me feel dizzy.
7	When the relationship with my first girlfriend broke up and I realized it too late.
7	I was walking in the wood at night with my boyfriend. Very romantic. Suddenly I heard a car driving very slowly with the lights out, it looked as if they were looking for something.
7	Once sitting in the cinema, I became very anxious (watching a \cold\" film). I do not know the reason."
7	On a holiday in France I made a walk in the woods all alone and very relaxed. Then a motorbike took me over and I saw the man watching all the time. Suddenly the man stood behing me and I ran away fast.
7	I went to the ballet lessons with a little friend in the dark. On a very quiet place a boy approached us from behind and asked at what time the lesson would be finished. I gave him an avoiding answer, he took me up and wanted to run away with me.
7	When I had left my home, my father, under false pretences, got me in his car and drove home where we were all alone. He was seethed with rage because I withrew from his authority. He hit me, kicked me and threatened me.
7	When I was six years old we were on holiday in France. There was very heavy weather then.
7	Fear to come and live in Nijmegen.
7	Just before I started my study I had to move, I was very afraid to be left alone and that I could not manage it.
7	In college, I started a discussion with the teacher referring to a question I posed. I felt very unsure and I was afraid to fail.
7	I was walking alone in the street late at night (2.30 am). It was very quiet. Then a man approached me and said \Hello\"."
7	One night at three o'clock I was followed by a cardriver, who tried to molest me.
7	I had a dream about my fiancTe leaving me and making an end to our relation.
7	I was raped by a friend.
7	Once, late at night, I was biking home and overtook a man. He said to me \Hello darling\" I was terrified and imagined the á|wildest scenes."
7	As a child I suffered of nightmares. Even since than, I have never been so anxious and fearful.
7	When my father suffered with dizziness. He had to be hospitalized, because the physician didn't know what was wrong. Because his stools were black, I thought it could be cancer.
7	I lived in a student-house, where you shared the lavatory and shower with a fellow student. the shower cubicle formed the connection between both appartments. My neighbour very often was drunk and aggressive. One night, I was afraid that he would enter my room.
7	When armed robbers broke into our house at night.
7	When I had gone for a boxing tournament which ended at 2 o'clock in the morning.  I was alone on my way back, and I could hear the barking of the dogs, the nocturnal animals and the sound of my     own footsteps.  There had been a rumour  circulating that there were ghosts in that area.
7	I was in form five at the boarding school and my friends and I had gone drinknig beer in the nearby village.  And we were caught red handed there by a form master.
7	A close relative of mine died in a serious car accident.  I was one of the first two people to see the corpse and I had to do it.  Before going in to see it I was afraid as it was the first time that I was seeing a corpse.
7	Before one of my final exams of the third year - natural sciences.
7	I was sexually assaulted one night by a stranger.
7	When a man rang the doorbell and wanted to enter the house with violence. I was alone at home that moment.
7	I wanted to get in contact with a girl I loved, but I was afraid she would refuse me.
7	Sitting alone in a quiet room, concetrating on things happening around you. Thoughts come into my mind which make me afraid.
7	During a football game I made an offence towards an acquaintance. Later on this acquaintance also tackeled me and the game became very rude.
7	When I stayed alone in a house in Great Brittain and there was a lot of rumour in the newspaper about a murderer still being free.
7	The only event I can remember is having a nightmare when I was very young (3 years old) I dreamt about a machine which was going to crush me.
7	DO NOT REMEMBER.
7	Standing in a crowed shop or in a closed room with too much people in it. This gives me a fearful experience.
7	I lived alone in a repulsive area in the city of Rotterdam. I was annoyed, heard a lot of Burglary and assaults. Especially in the evening and the night I frequently felt anxious.
7	One night I had to bike home all alone after a party. Then I found out that I was pursued by a man in a car.
7	Once late at night (around midnight) a person asked me to give him a lift. He suddenly tried to attack me but I could escape. After this he followed me for a little while.
7	When I thought the house was on fire at night.
7	When a good friend of mine behaved in a very cool manner to me for a very long time.
7	When going out I am threatened regularly by two punk-girls.
7	A terrible cloud-burst started when we were camping in a tent on a great bald field.
7	The same situation as with sadness. I was afraid about what my parents would further do to distroy my relationship.
7	When a good friend of me told me one evening that she didn't want to live anymore.
7	When I walk through streets late at night. This is because I and my friends were attacked one night without any reason for it.
7	I was living in rooms in a very lonely, quiet neigbourhood. During the night it was very silent and this frightened me. The fact of being alone in that house frightened me.
7	I was raped once when I went through a dark alley at the back of our house. The man pushed me in the bushes. I fought back and succeeded to escape.
7	When I slept for the first time all alone in the house where I live now. A man phoned me at 2.00 am. He wanted something from me. I was afraid.
7	When a car ran into me. The moment that I felt on the street I thought \This is my end, I am going to die\"."
7	When I slipped on a glazed frost road and a car almost ran into me.
7	I had an appointment with a good friend. He came 3 hours later than we agreed upon. During the last hour of waiting I was afraid something might had happened, because usally he is in time.
7	When I was 12 years old I frequently was pursued by others and got sound thrashes.
7	When biking and I felt very bad (problems with heart and respiration).
7	I went to the apartment of my boyfriend and saw some people before his door. I thought that something had happened.
7	I was very startled when, at night at 2.00 am, a boy approached me and yelled \I fuck you\", then however he stopped and laughed at á|me."
7	I was testing my new roller skates in the street, suddenly a dog ran barking in my direction, very threatening. I was very startled and terribly upset.
7	The weather is very bad (fog and slipperiness) the newcast reports many traffic accidents and my boyfriend is driving home and still has 60 kilometers to go.
7	In the morning just before going to the dentist.
7	When going out in the weekend I have to bike 5 kilometers through lonely and dark polders, then I always have terrifying fantasies.
7	I had to call someone and make an appointment for a conversation. I was very afraid to fail.
7	When my mother threatened me with thrushing me of the stairs, when I once more should make a comment.
7	My friend and I planned to search for old documents and utensils in the cellar. It was very late at night when we arrived in the cellar. He indicated the place where the police (40 years ago) found two dead bodies. I got very scared when he told me this story.
7	When I went up the stairs in a high, dark house full of shadows, passed a door and had the feeling that someone or something was behind me, although I knew I was alone.
7	My grandmother several times has been struck by cerebral hemorrhages. Until now she recovered well each time, but there is always the threat to loose her.
7	When I get into the tube or the train without paying for the ticket.
7	When I was a child I hid under the sheets out of fear of darkness.
7	When I was very young, one day, I was in the street with my father and brother.   While my father was talking to some friends, I saw a dog and began to pat it.  My father told me sharply to stop doing it because the dog had mange.  Then my brother told me that I would die and I could not stop crying after this.
7	Before an exam which I, finally did not take.
7	Before taking an exam.
7	When I almost fell down from some rocks because I had been acting foolishly and playing dangerously.
7	When I was ten I got shut in the school with a friend.  I had to jump out of a window and cross a beam 10 metres high.
7	While I was waiting for them to give me the marks of the most difficult subject this year.
7	When I saw a TV program on the North American military plan called \The startwar\"."
7	The last time I was face to face with with the monstrous dog which lives in my street.
7	In a rather important exam, when they caught me red handed copying.
7	When I go out alone at night.
7	Every time I went home with my school report.
7	On a trip to Santander we wanted to stop at a curve because a friend was sick, and the car skidded of the gravel.
7	Fights that I see in the middle of the street, robberies, fear of darkness when going home.
7	There was an earthquake for several minutes and I was on the eight floor.
7	When they tried to rob me.
7	When I was attending an authorized demonstrationand the police rushed brutally at the demonstrators, without any warning.
7	When they threatened me with a knife to take my money.
7	When two drug addicts tried to take away my money.
7	When I had to walk over three kms through a field which had wild bulls, because my car had broken down.
7	We were in the country and I walked away from the others one night.  Suddenly something moved sharply in front of me and I was not able to see what it was.
7	One night, walking along a park, I began to think that some roughnecks would appear suddenly with knives and things like that.
7	A film on zombies.
7	When I was walking down the street, some boys showed me a knife and stole all my money.
7	I was walking along a subway when I saw a group of louts.  I was rather afraid because I was alone.
7	Before knowing my marks I was not sure that I wanted to go to that class.
7	When I am alone at night after having read horror stories, and then I heard unexplainable noises.
7	Continous fear of a nuclear war.
7	I was in Sierra Nevada, climbing a peak over 3,000 metres high, without any light and with many other problems.  I was afraid for my life.
7	I was walking in the countryside alone when I came across two dogs who began barking at me.  I did not know whether they were tied up or loose, but I was afraid of them approaching me.
7	One day I went to the cinema to see a film in which I was interested.  On arriving there I saw a long queue (which I had not expected) and went back home without seeing the film.
7	When I was operated on the knee and had to go through rehabilitation.
7	When my mother was robbed in a shop.
7	One night, while I was sleeping, I woke up suddenly with the sensation that there was someone in my room.
7	I had decided to propose to the man I liked to make a trip together.  One day, during breakfast I told him my idea.  I was afraid of his not accepting it and that the idea would end up as a failure.
7	Once I failed seven subjects at school and I was terrified to give my report card to my father.  I left it on the table and went to bed very early in order to avoid him seeing me.
7	I stayed alone in the dark at night in the mountain, waiting for my uncle.  I remember that I took a big stone and it calmed me.
7	When my mother had a nervous illness.
7	A fall during a climb, with almost with no previous experience.
7	In a dark street at 4 o'clock in the night and there was complete silence.
7	When I was young I saw a horror film.  Then when I went to sleep, the film came back too my mind and the characters frighteneed my imagination.
7	It was more that fear - anguish -that I felt before my last exam.
7	I was walking down a road and suddenly a few dogs appeared at a fence and started barking angrily.  They were jumping and it seemed that they would come for me any time.
7	I was at the cinema with my sister and her boyfriend.  A man sitting beside me started to stroke my leg for a while, he left in the middle of the film.
7	When I was caught by the police and was kept with a group of delinquents, which added to my fear of being shut up.  I was afraid of the people near me and the future consequences.
7	I had an accident in which I hurt my eye.  I was afraid of having injured it badly.
7	I was walking with another person when a \gang\" separted us and á|pushed me in to a house, hit me in the stomach and the face, then á|they left - leaving me bleeding."
7	When my relatives and I were in a car going slowly on a frozen road.
7	When I am walking on the streets and see a gang of thugs.
7	On a dark night I felt that there were several people near me and I did not know who they were.
7	During a demonstration I climbed up the closed central door of a bus.  When the bus stopped I had to go back to the same place, afraid that the police would see me.
7	Almost always when I go to fetch the results of an exam.
7	When a friend of mine told me a horror story.
7	We were on the road in a car when a lorry bypassed us.  We had to swerve and we almost got run over.
7	I thought that I would be scolded for a comment I had made, which I should not have made.
7	I was in my village when a bull jumped over a fence and started chasing my friends and me.  We were very frightened till we climbed up a tree.
7	I was walking down a little village at night.  There was nobody in the steet.  A dog began to bark, I felt that it was following me.  Then I began to run, the other dogs started barking too.  At last I arrived home.
7	We were camping in the mountains, and a friend and I went for a walk.  It was getting darker and darker and we were not sure of the right way back.
7	Waiting for my marks in a difficult subject.
7	I was attacked by a man at a bus stop at night.
7	We were walking in the park at night.  It was very dark and very late.  We began to hear foot steps all around us, and we could not find our way out.
7	One night, I was alone at home.  My fear was caused by some strange noises which put my imagination to work.
7	I was watching a procession during the Holy week, and a penitent approached me.
7	I was in a camp and went out for a walk at night on my own.  I lost  my way and spent several hours looking for the camp.
7	When we got lost in Florence and the coach did not turn up until midnight.  I had no place to go to and there were strange reports at the police station.
7	When I was at home alone, I felt a super-natural force, dangerous for me and the people close to me.
7	We were riding in a friend's car.  He was driving very fast and suddenly a another car crossed the road in front of us.  My friend had to turn the car rapidly.
7	I went to visit a friend in hospital.  He was going to be operated the next day.  I was afraid that they would not let me in and I did not know what his reaction would be on seeing me.
7	Travelling by coach on a rather narrow and wet road.
7	Once, when I was very young, my mother left me alone in the house and came back very late.
7	I was spending my summer holidays in a village.  My friend and I were coming back from a discotheque at night and we heard a noise from an alley.  We were very scared and we got into my friend's house.  A moment later, an unknown car picked up a person from this alley.
7	When my brother hit his head and lost consciousness at the sports practice.  For some time he could not remember what had happened but he recovered later.
7	When I was told that my daughter, who is at a boarding school, was very ill and that they needed me there the same day.
7	When a man who had a knife grabbed me and threatened me with it,   during my holidays in Monze.á
7	When I was about six years old, I mistook a cat for a leopard      when it entered my room at night.
7	I was almost caught in the girls hostel by the security men, I would have been expelled from school had I been caught.
7	When my father's home was to be broken into by thieves who had guns.
7	When someone tried to bewitch me and my friends at night.
7	When I was walking at night, I saw fire suspended in the air and it was split into several segments by something I could not see.  I suspected that it was witch-craft.
7	When I went to town in a double dekker bus.  The bus was about to fall on the way when the driver controlled it.  It had almost fallen.
7	When two of my children were critically ill with measles.
7	When I woke up at night to find a fire spreading towards the bed -rooms.  I was very frightened as I realized that I faced death.
7	When a thief broke into my house at night.
7	When I was nearly beaten up by the brother of my girlfriend.
7	When I was told by the doctor, after many months of coughing, that I had tuberculosis.
7	One evening I saw the old guard-man I knew, change into something inhuman for about 5-10 seconds, this really frightened me.
7	When I broke the window pane of my next door neighbour's house.
7	I turned the knob of my granny's two band radio and did not hear any broadcast,  \ What ! Have I broken the knob ? How much does á|it cost ? What if the spare part is not available ? \"  --I did á|not know how to tune a radio."
7	It was when I dreamt that I had encountered Satan, he wanted to grab me and take me to his kingdom.  He was very repulsive and I have never seen anything like that before.
7	I was escorting a relative on a bike, we passed by a dark road with bushas on each side.  Half way down this road, suddenly, we   saw a white dog appear from one side.  Before we could do anything, it had vanished and moreover it did not seem to have any legs.
7	This was at secondary school, a prefect framed up some case and took it to the deputy head-master.  I was called by the head-master and he threatened to suspend me.
7	While paddling in the river during a storm.  I feared drowning.
7	When I saw a ghost.
7	The time I was threatened with expulsion from secondary school (form four).
7	I watched a very terrfying film in LT2.  This film really pushed my heart out of my body and I was forced to go out before the second reel ended.
7	The possibility of having failed the examination.
7	The shooting started and we all lay down to protect ourselves from the flying bullets.  This incident occured on our way to Feira, during the Zambia army patrols in the Rhodesia war.
7	One evening, when I had gone fishing with my friends, we heard the roar of a lion near by and had to run for our lives.
7	I was approaching my exam time and my books got stolen.  I was in a panic as I thought that I would not do well enough to be considered for the economics quota.  I cried a lot but that did not help and as the exam day came near a strange fear gripped me.
7	When I heard a lion roar for the first time.
7	When I was going home, I saw somathing which looked like a snake   on the road but later I found out that it was only a stick.
7	I was walking through a thick forest and there was a big snake at a distance of about four metres.
7	We were driving at night and I realized that a car was following us.
7	When I took blood from a patient for alcohol estimation and urine for some other examination, he told me that something bad would happen to me as he would play magic on me.
7	I was sleeping when I heard the neighbours screaming, I peeped through the window and saw a thief  trying to enter my neighbour's house.
7	I had gone for a medical check-up at the U.T.H and failed to make it back on time for the C119 practical sessions at 1400 hours last academic year.
7	When a drunkard barged into a room where my friend and I had run in order to get away from him.  We were all alone and all I could see was this hand coming towards me.
7	Birds had made nests in our thatched roof and they were flying and flapping their wings in the bedroom at night.  It was very dark and I could not even see my nose.  I did not know that it was the birds till my mother told me so.
7	When I came back from work one day, the friends of my son told me that he had not come back from school and that he was lost.
7	After having taken an exam i feared having failed it.
7	When I first came to the UNZA I did not know the kind of people I would find here and the kind of behaviour they would have towards me.
7	When my little sister was sick at home and I thought that she would die.
7	When a thunder belt hit the roof top of the building I was in.
7	The day I encountered a queer mamba face to face in a chunk of leaves behind our house.
7	I was caught doing something I was not supposed to do.  I did something with the person who caught me (bribe) and even though he promised not to report me, I am still frightened.
7	I was a passenger in a vehicle when suddenly another vehicle came from behind to overtake us.  However another one was coming right in front so the other vehicle changed course and blocked our way and so we crashed against the side of the road.
7	When I was confronted by a policeman one night around 11 o'clock.  I was afraid when they threatened to take me and my girl to the gallows.
7	When I was an exploration with my friends and almost got lost in an unfamiliar environment.  It was getting dark and we did not know how to get back home.
7	When thieves broke into our neighbour's house and later we heard gunshots.
7	When we forced a friend to chew a poisonous herb in primary school.  His tongue was swollen and he told his mother about it.  The mother reported it to the headmaster who threatened to expel us.
7	I felt very frightened when a robber broke into our house and threatened to shoot my father if he did not part with some money.  I was looking at the man with his hand on the trigger.
7	I went home late one evening and saw that the security lights were off.  I got inside the gate and just then I realized that the dogs may be outside.
7	When I saw an accident, a woman was run over and she died on the spot.
7	When I was told that the form five results were out.
7	When I impregnated a certain girl, I thought that I would be forced to marry her or go to court.
7	Two guys were fighting murderously and I feared that one of them would be killed.
7	My uncle was taken to the UTC for an operation as he had cancer.  There had been a lot of deaths of late - 3 out of every 4 operated.  I was scared for my uncle's life.
7	When I met an elephant in the bush.
7	When I was walking around all alone at night.
7	When I had to walk along a dark road alone.
7	When my neighbour's house was broken into and shots could be heard.
7	My father had been involved in a car accident two years ago.  I was then very scared thinking that he would die as he lay unconscious in hospital for two weeks.
7	In 1960,  I was going to a school which was near my village and I met a lion on the way, which disappeared suddenly.
7	In 1977 when my friend was caught by a crocodile.  We were swimming in a river on whose banks our primary school was situated.  When my friend was caught, he was on the banks of the river and some of us were still in the middle of the river.  I was very frightened.
7	When I learnt that the girl I had impregnated was in hospital and was on the verge of dying as she had refused to accept the responsibility of her pregnancy and had wanted to commit suicide.
7	When burglars with guns forced themselves into my house and ordered me to give them money or face death.
7	Whhen the front tyre of the car burst.
7	I was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad would come to pick me up.  One day he did not come, it started getting very dark and I had no money on me and my home was very, very far away.
7	Last night, I dreamt that things that looked like monsters were trying to kiss me.
7	The time I drove my uncle's car, without having asked for his permission.  It was the first time that I was driving a car.
7	When I was at a boarding school at Lusaka, the Rhodesian soldiers came to bomb a house near our school and we saw the whole scene.
7	When my neighbour's life was threatened by someone who was trying to break into his house.
7	One evening when my sisters, brothers and I were watching T.V my kid brother took a big mirror and reflected light on the french windows.  I thought that these lights that we could see were coming from torches annd that it meant that there were thieves outside.
7	When I witnessed a bus accident in which a bus, full of passengers,  nearly overturned on the Lusaka-Kabwe road.á
7	I got a very nasty electrical shock when I was tampering with some electrical applainces.á
7	When I thought that I had failed the examination.
7	The day I was nearly stabbed to death by ruffians who wanted to take my money.  I refused to give them any money and they started running after me, I ran into somebody else's house to save myself.
7	When thieves broke into my house at night and held my wife and me on gun-point for at least ten minutes and took away a lot of property.
7	I was at home and we were sleeping when we heard some robbers breaking into our house.
7	I was afraid when I learnt that my father was seriously ill in hospital.
7	When the robbers broke in, at night.
7	The day my parents were involved in a car accident and had to be operated  and before the operation the doctor said that it was mater of life or death.
7	This last August when my parents dropped me off and moved me into college I didn't know anybody here; I was 17 and Berkeley really scared me.
7	Whenever I think of enrolling in Organic Chemistry.
7	I was walking home from a place on southside and I live on Northside and I was followed. I headed my most direct route.
7	I was river rafting in Nev. and our boat tipped over and I was sucked under in to some rocks and got stuck and all I could think was that I was going to die. And it was so quiet under the water it seemed like no one would care or remember.
7	I felt fear when my friend and I broke into an abandoned military base in Los Angeles this summer. I feared because I didn't want to be caught.
7	I was scared of water when I was a child.
7	When I dreamt that my family was in trouble and was facing many difficulties.
7	Once I woke up in the middle of the night and felt frightened as everyone else was sleeping and I could not even go to their room.
7	Once I was caught by thugs aged between 20-35, they asked me to surrender all the property I had and I remember feeling very scared.
7	When I lost a wallet while travelling, since it belonged to the group I was very afraid.
7	When going to the exam.
7	When our school was raided by the pupils of the boys secondary school who beat us up.
7	During the last academic year i.e 1983/1984 just before the closure, we were surrounded and threatened by the paramilitary forces.
7	The first day that I was close to a dead body, in my third year at UNZA, school of medicine.
7	When mother was very ill, I feared that she would die.
7	We were driving on a very dusty road at night and the driver tried to overtake a very big truck only to find another big truck parked right in front.
7	A friend gave me a lift and we met a road-block.  He tried  to turn back when an officer shouted at us to stop.  My friend took a turn suddenly and the officer raised his gun but by the time we were gone.
7	I was so sick that my relatives thought that I was bewitched.  I felt like dying.
7	When I went to my first dental appointment.
7	When I entered the dissecting room for the anatomy class and saw several dead bodies lying on the benches.
7	When I entered the dissection room for the first time and was exposed to preserved dead human bodies.
7	When the time came for me to see dead bodies and to operate on them.
7	When I took the first year university exams and made a lot of mistakes in the P110 exam.  I was afraid of failing and thus being unable to go to the school of medicine.
7	When I was chased by a big dog near my house.
7	When my mother was seriously ill and had to be admitted to the hospital.
7	While drinking a soft drink, I had the impression of swallowing   a piece of glass so I went to the district hospital and got admitted there.
7	When my father was involved in an accident.
7	When I was first exposed to the dead bodies, for dissecting        purposes at the school of medicine.
7	When I was about to be bitten by my friend's dog, later on it bit me.
7	When I was going home for my holiday, I almost drowned in the Zambezi river.
7	I was walking along the passage to my room (very near the anatomy laboratory) and I heard something and felt that there was some thing behind me.  I looked back and there was no one.  I started imagining that maybe it was a corpse.
7	When my sister was very ill and was admitted to the hospital.
7	The first time that I saw a dead person.  This was when I started my gross anatomy practicals.
7	When I was left alone at home one night by my brother.
7	When I was first taken to the dissection room where I found 10 dead human bodies.
7	When I had to talk to some strangers, from whom I was expecting a negative answer.
7	When I saw the movie \Poltergist\"."
7	[ While approaching to test the situation.]
7	Finding out about people can go mad for social reasons.
7	A relative died.
7	Before the first examn.
7	Being threatened by another person.
7	Got ill.
7	Saw a snake unexpectedly.
7	Someone frightened me in the dark.
7	Heard some ghost-like noise at night.
7	When I was watching a movie in which there was a pit full of dangers and there was only a small safe place on which a man was standing; he had to catch the lady who was thrown in or else ! The pit was 20 feet deep.
7	English papers are due on Friday. They are returned on Tuesday. This Tuesday I was afraid to go to class and get my paper because I knew it was bad.
7	Fear of doing well on a midterm.
7	Housesitting and hearing the alarm go off. I knew someone had to be breaking in. I called the police and was panicking while on the phone. It was awful. It turns out that I stepped on the hidden alarm without prior knowledge of its existance.
7	After my shoulder operation, I woke up in the hospital room alone. I was in pain and was still under heavy medications. I could not find my parents.
7	A man in a car was following me when I went running early one morning in a fairly secluded area.
7	At age 10 my foster grandmother died, I had a fear of dying.
7	I was driving and stopped at a stop light. I was planning to make a right turn as soon as it was clear. It was clear on the left so I started but a man was just in front of the car.
7	I confronted a bigger person than I and almost got into a fight.
7	Alone in the house (late 8pm) I heard noises. Sounded like someone was trying to get in our back door.
7	Going to take my driving test.
7	A friend and I were going to have a study session together in which we quiz ourselves in biology material. Because I believed I didn't study enough. I feared I would fail.
7	During one year my mother almost had a nervous breakdown and my father had a serious operation. I was afraid that our family (4 kids, I'm the oldest) wouldn't hold together. Everything turned out fine.
7	Getting back my Psych 140 midterm.
7	A certain night during initiation.
7	I could not do the questions on my math midterm.
7	When I was going to bring back my girlfriend to LA to meet my parents.
7	First day back on the job.
7	When there was a bomb threat in Tolman Hall. This was the first time that I felt my life could be in danger.
7	My mom called early in the morning (On a Monday) and I had just seen her that weekend. I couldn't understand what could be so important as to make her call at such a strange hour. I missed the call and had to call her back that afternoon.
7	Upon reading a story on a serial killer by the name of Henry Lee Lucas who has been given the distinction of killing more people that any other man. I began to wonder if I should take more care for my safety.
7	One summer when I was camping with friends they devised and elaborate plan to scare me by having our camp attecked by a wild animal (one of them) and then convincing the campground was the home of a satanic organization.
7	When I was little I lost control of my bike and started to go into a buay intersection but my neighbor stopped me just in time.
7	A time when I was very afraid of something was when I broke my father's antique lamp.
7	Walking through campus at night a squirrel jumped in front of me.
7	When I had to walk home in the dark for the first time.
7	When I began school at UC. The pre-enrollment the classes, and the question of success really scared me.
7	One day before Christmas, I went shopping with my brother and his friend. We had a good time. But on the way home we were almost in an accident because the weather was bad.
7	after getting a fail notice for a math class, I realized I was not doing very well in school in any subject. I began to fear failing a class or two.
7	Going to CAL not knowing anyone.
7	Taking a chemistry midterm.
7	Waiting for my girlfriend to come from her apt. to mine. She was very late and I thought something awful had happened.
7	I needed a recommendation for something. I decided that the best person to get one from was a professor who I had never talked to before. I felt a lot of fear going up after class to ask him to recommend me considering he had never heard my name before. But I did.
7	I was alone and someone tried to break in from our back door.
7	Occured while preparing for a midterm in Social Welfare that I thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for.
7	Before I moved away from home, I feared leaving.
7	While skiing in Squaw Valley, I was riding up a chair lift and right when the chair was above a sheer cliff of rocks, the chair lift stopped and all the chairs sagged and everything seemed to creak loudly.
7	Being involved in a car accident and having my thumb caught in the glove compartment. My sister and I had a Fear of finally telling my parents, since my sister was the driver.
7	Two summers ago my best friend and I drove into unknown mountains at midnight to pick up my broken car. We told one another horrifically scary ghost/murder stories and succeeded in scaring eachother pretty well - even though somewhere in our heads we knew the fears were unjustified.
7	I was to meet one of my friends (girl) at the library at 8:00 already dark. She would be walking alone. She was 45 minutes late but I kept waiting, calling her room and other places she could have been.
7	I was driving on to a busy freeway during rush hour and it was slightly raining. A diesel truck was coming very close behind me and I was close behind a pick-up. I changed lanes and barely hit the truck and ran a Honda of the road. I was scared to death to go back and see if I caused him to crash.
7	When  first came to CAL I went to a rally on Sproul and I later learned that the rally was conducted by the Moonie cult. They were taking pictures at the rally, so I was afraid that they would circulate the pictures and then kidnap people. I did not know how the cult worked. I was scared.
7	I feared that my dog's eye was infected too much. He had played around in the weeds and a foxtail had gotten under his eyelid. I took him to the vet and I feared that he may go blind because of the foxtail.
7	I was on this amusement park ride at Marriots Great America. It went way up in the air and then around and around. Heights are not my favorite spots in life.
7	I was physically assaulted and sexually abused about a year ago. Just the feeling that I might not get away intact, or even alive, produced fear.
7	My apartment has had three robberies in the last month. The guy upstairs just got robbed making it the fourth.
7	When my exboyfriend threw me around the dorms because I was talking on the phone to another guy of whom he was jealous, after we had an argument in which I thought we broke up.
7	When I walked to church with my roommate, a bum told us to call the police and he started following us.
7	In the recent lightning storm, bolts of lightning were hitting close by (1/8 mile). I was in bed at the time and was afraid I might be struck.
7	While swimming, I hit my head at the bottom of the pool and required stitches. I later learned that the consequences could have been much more severe and that terrified me.
7	I felt fear when I was young and left in my big house all alone.
7	I got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears.
7	Speaking in front of a large group of people.
7	On my second plane trip, we ran into unexpected turbulence.
7	I overturned in a canoe a few years back and I didn't know how to swim. Although I had a life-jacket on I still panicked.
7	I'm afraid of not being able to go to the school I want because of suffering grades.
7	That I would do bad in a class and not get into Bus school.
7	When my B.A results had not come.
7	When I got to know that the friend I am closest to got engaged, and she was going away.  I was overjoyed for her, but also felt frightened as I was very emotionally dependent on her.  I did not know what I would do without her.
7	A few weeks back my daughter had very high fever and I was scared that it might lead to brain damage or convulsions.
7	When I decided to separate from my husband.
7	That day I was alone at home after coming home from school.  I did not know where everyone else had gone, I kept waiting for them to come back and nobody came.  It was getting very late and I was terrified.
7	I had gone to the hospital for my research and got late in reaching home.  I feared that when I reached home there would be a quarrel because of my being late.
7	When my brother had an epileptic attack and I was scared as to what would happen to him.
7	I have done the teachers training course (B.Ed).  During our training I was asked to handle the ninth standard class in a boys school.  I was scared to face the class the first day.
7	[ I have always been very scared and tense before an exam and before the declaration of the results.]
7	While trying to board a train I missed the footsteps and fell down on the platform.
7	When I was coming back home alone at night.
7	When I was 20 years old, I fell severely ill and was bed-ridden for 6 months.  I felt very scared for my health and my studies.
7	I had a very horrible dream one night, I dreamt that I had fallen off a very crowded train.
7	It so happened that while staying at anaunt's place I discovered that I was afraid of sleeping in pitch darkness.  The room which my sister and I were sharing had no light, and I would refuse to sleep without having the light of the adjoining bathroom switched on.
7	When for the first time I rode on a motorcycle with my brother.  He was going so fast that I felt that I would fall off without my brother realizing it.
7	I was in a garden one evening and I saw a snake coming towards me.
7	I was sitting on an electric swing, suddenly the machine went out of order while I was still in the upward position.
7	[ No response.]
7	When I had to travel alone, unescorted for the first time.     It was an over-night journey by train to a distant place.
7	I was coming home from a relative's place and it was about 9.30/10 P.M.  I felt slightly apprehensive when I got off the bus and started walking towards my place.  I was confident that nothing would happen to me, yet there was this slight feeling of fear.
7	I experienced fear when I was not prepared for the final year degree exams.
7	When I almost walked on a snake.
7	[ No response.]
7	When I was working in Delhi, I had gone alone to see the hostel where I would be residing.
7	Once when I was walking alone at mid-night, I happened to put my foot on a frog, as it felt smooth I thought that it was a snake  and I felt afraid. á
7	When my son fell off the cot at the age of 5 months, I became very nervous and thought that it would cause defects in his head.
7	I felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the part II exam.
7	[ I do not recall one here either.]
7	Fear is an emotion that I experience very often.  Naturally this is during exams and subsequently while waiting for the results.  However there is one occassion when I was paralyzed with fear.  This was when I was doing my M.A.-I, and we had a series of student lectures.  I was one of the participants and my lecture happened to be the opening lecture.  I had been confident all morning, about twenty minutes before the lecture, my confidence started failing me.  I felt my heart go cold, my lips go dry and I was really paralyzed.  This incident of fear is still fresh.
7	This was when I was being followed home every day from the campus, by a stranger.  He would follow me to the campus and then sit outside my class.  If I was not there he would ask my friends as to where I was.  He was a dark, ominous looking person and I was terrified of him as I did not know his intentions.  I reported him to the security officer, who turned him over to the police.  I was even more petrified then.
7	When I had gone to a school picnic and was left behind in the forest.
7	As a child, one evening I had read a novel about ghosts and I had thus spent a sleepless night as I kept feeling that there were ghosts dancing around me.
7	One day, early morning my mother who is healthy fell ill.  There was no doctor or compounder near by and for a few hours -8 A.M to 6 P.M she did not speak a single sentence, nor did she drink water or  milk.  There was no movement in her body and I felt really scared.  I almost lost my confidence about her survival.
7	When I was in my village one of my enemies had written a non-sense letter to a girl and he told the father of this girl that I was the culprit.  When I got to know this I was scared as  the girl's father was a worse man.
7	[ I have not felt this emotion yet.]
7	I was scared when I realized that I might miss the train which I was supposed to take.  I was 1500 Kilometres away from home and when  I heard the depart whistle I was still 150 feet away from the train.  I finally made it.
7	I was then in the 10th standard and was going to my native place.  The last bus had already left and so I started walking, it soon became quite dark.  The road was a village road and was deserted, I was not even sure if that was the right way.  I finally reached home at 10 P.M.
7	One of my fellow students had bunked field work and in my attempt to cover up for him I myself was exposed, though not directly.  We were to meet our field work suprevisor and we were afraid of the consequences.
7	A few weeks back I had a very important seminar and I had circulated my papers to all the panel members.  A day before the seminar I realized that I had inadvertantly burdened certain       derivations and I had failed to correct it.  I feared that this    would reflect very badly on my performance.  Fortunately none of  the panel members detected it and I felt relieved.
7	Before the declaration of the S.S.C results.
7	At the age of 16 I had gone to see a film in a nearby village, about 8 kms  from my home.  I started walking as there was no bus.  I had to cross hills and as it was dark I could not identify the path.  Half way through it started raining and as there was no shelter I ran four kms to reach home.
7	[ Never experienced.]
7	I received a letter from my college telling me that I would not be allowed to sit for the exams because of my low attendance in class and the bad experience in the terminal exams.
7	My illness a few years back.  I was sevely down with malaria and asthma, I had lost my health, charm and cheerfulness completely.
7	When I did not get admission in M.Sc after my B.Sc, I felt really bad.  When I started my journey to Bombay, after having accepted my uncle's offer to come to Bombay, I was afraid, wondering if I  would succeed or not.
7	Once I was very frightened at night as I had a very fearful and terrifying dream, I could not go back to sleep for a long time.
7	After I was thrown out of a car in an accident, this resulted in a fracture.
7	[ Never.]
7	On May 20th I got a summon to appear in court on May 28th 1985 on the subject of impregnanting a school girl. I really feared of standing in the court in a few days time after this notice. I was also embarassed due to formal approach that was expected of me to the Principal.
7	I had a cousin whom I loved so much. Unfortunately she passed away suddenly and one time I had a dream in which I was talking to her yet she is dead.
7	I once felt that my last hour had come when I was unexpectedly found in the hands of.
7	When I heard a rumour that the 1st year exam results were out. I had fear that I might be one of the failures.
7	When I was feeding a premature baby (7 months), the baby chocked. This was when I was working in children's ward I thought I had killed the baby.
7	Staying in the room alone at night.
7	My friend started to misunderstand and hurt me.
7	Before an examn.
7	Almost had a bicycle accident.
7	You may find out that I am stupid and not to let me do your experiment.
7	Before the examn.
7	I was very scared when I went to the examination hall for my M.Sc examination as I had studied a limited partion of the course thoroughly and I was in great doubt whether that would be asked.
7	I was very scared at the time of the Ty.B.Sc examination as I had decided to get 1st class results.  I was afraid thinking of how the papers would be.
7	It was the time when I was in no position to secure a Ist class in the M.Sc exam and this was likely to affect my career.
7	When I did not get the compound which is known.
7	When I was a kid, I always opened the door to greet my father when he came back from work.  One day it so happened that his hair was scattered due to over-crowding in the train, and when I opened the door as usual I saw something else.  I was so scared that I could not talk.
7	When I came to know that my exams were on two successive days and that there was very little time (about 9-10 hours) to study in between.
7	When I was going to take the practical exams.
7	My brother lost his temper and started smashing things in the house.  I was quite scared, that something terrible might happen, till the situation was brought under control.
7	While I was pushing a court roller out of a ditch, I slipped and fell down and the roller rolled back towards me -down slope-It is a miracle that I still have my legs intact.
7	When I was treated improperly by someone.
7	When my mother met with a serious accident and there was danger that she would not survive and if she did she would loose her memory.
7	I felt the above condition when I took my brother's bicycle to a market and unfortunately the bicycle was stolen and I didn't know how I could tell the owner about the stolen bicycle.
7	I was living with my brother and one day he went away on business and I was left alone to look after the house and the property. At night thieves came and wanted to break into the house.
7	I was moving in the graveyard at 6.00 pm one day and was griped by fear because I was told that ghosts detain people moving there at night.
7	In March I was busy studying during the night I could only sleep two or three hours only for fear that I would be weeded and sent back.
7	When I saw a dead body in the mortuary I became afraid and I was filled with fear.
7	I broke my Uncle's Radio player accidentally and so I feared that he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as playing it again.
7	The emotion came when I misbehaved at school and the Principal threatened me that I was going to be expelled.
7	When I was told to attend an operation in theatre.
7	At night when I was coming from Lingadzi Inn I heard a hyena crying in the Lingadzi jungle. I was alone.
7	I was given a wristwatch by my first girl and after two days another girl of mine also gave me a wristwatch.
7	As I was taking venous blood from another patient I introduced air into the place of puncturing and there was a swelling which is dangerous to the patient hence I became afraid.
7	When I had crossed Lilongwe forest I heard that there was a rabid hyena just near the path in the forest.
7	When my friend was involved in a car accident.
7	I had fear when I was left alone at the bus depot at night. I had problems of how to move to this place.
7	As I was in a ward one man died and I was instructed to watch the last offices. But this was my first time to see a dead person - fear came.
7	I was looking after my father's sheen in the forest. One day while playing with friends from neighbouring villages the flock escaped me and went into a far place. It became dark and I was afraid of father. I went home and hid myself.
7	At primary school I was accused by some boys of being in love with a certain girl in their class so they had to shout and beat the girl and the matter was reported to the headmaster.
7	I was walking alone along the place where people fear that there are always thieves there and the people who kill their friends during the night two months ago.
7	When two hyenas made crying noise on the window of my bedroom at home when I was preparing for my MCE examination during the night.
7	When I was travelling at night.
7	Fear came towards the end of May when the P.T.S. results were out after hearing the failure of my fellow three friends.
7	It was when I stepped on a python (snake) unknowingly while it was sleeping near a baobab tree.
7	My brother had bowel obstruction, having heard that he was going for surgery, I was afraid he might not come back to life after hearing of the General Anaesthesia.
7	When I heard that there is teasing and bulling at Secondary School.
7	One time I set up my journey at night going to a certain bar. On the way I met my friends and they told me that two people had died because of heavy fighting. I proceeded on but with fear.
7	When we were going to Nkhoma last Saturday the vehicle was moving very fast, so I feared we might crash since the road was too rough.
7	It was last week on Saturday night when I was at Mchesi. I feared to cross the Lilongwe River Bridge to come back to School due to darkness - until somebody had to escort me.
7	One day I was busy day dreaming along the road and suddenly I heard the sound of jamming car braked behind me. I woke up from my dreams and it was about to crash me.
7	When it was found that I had gone out of the school premises without permisssion and at the wrong time.
7	One time I was injured when I was playing football at School in Blantyre. I was brought to the hospital while my leg was totally swollen. The x-rays confirmed there was no fracture but collection of blood n the muscles. I feared when they started to incise the swollen part with surgical blade.
7	We went fishing some 5 or 8 kilometers off the shore of Lake Malawi. Before we could settle down the lake became very rough to the point of threatening our lives.
7	I was studying in class at night. I was in Form II by then. There were rumours about an earthquake. That night dogs were chasing one another and passed through the window outside the classroom. Those who saw the dogs thought it was a lion and were terrified. Trying to run away the desks were dragged and there was a shaking movement. I thought it was an earthquake and jumped out of the window.
7	My father gave me money for school fees and I didn't pay school fees instead I spent it on beer and did not tell him about this.
7	As we were going to Area 10 a dog chased me. I was afraid it might bite me.
7	When one of my relatives went out at night leaving me and my friend alone, I cheated my parents that she didn't go out, after they had heard that she was out, I was afraid that she might have beaten me.
7	I felt fear when one night my aunt and Uncle left me alone at their house to look after the baby when they went to a party.
7	I was with my boyfriend forgetting that I had left the house unlocked. Unfortunatly a thief came and stole all the kitchen utensils. Thereafter I was afraid of the consequences.
7	Somebody told her friend that she would hit me wherever we would meet.
7	When I came home late one day. I was afraid I would be shouted at by my parents.
7	I and my cousin went to a filmshow at night. We went without making it known to my mother. While we were there at interval, I came across my mother just close to where we sat.
7	Sometime back, my boyfriend and I were having a walk nearby my parent's house. Suddenly we met my grandfather and I was afraid that he would report to my parents.
7	When the week for Exams came. I got afraid as to how I would tackle the questions.
7	When I was called for an Interview at Kamuzu College of Nursing.
7	One day during our clinical practices, we had a very ill patient. Unfortunately the patient passed away. I had seen him dying and it was the first experience. During the night I became afraid fearing the dead body.
7	When I stepped on a snake at home, it was dark but there was moonlight.
7	I was alone walking in a deserted part of the city and I had some fear that some men would attack me and rob me.
7	When I was travelling home by bus and suddenly the bus hit and the bus leaned against a wall.
7	I was afraid when my boyfriend came home because my parents disapproved him of his coming home. I thought they would chase me out of the house.
7	I was afraid to walk through the forest one day when I dropped off the bus around 6.30 pm.
7	Afraid of a dead body.
7	I was playing with friends then I decided to splash some sand into a car which was moving nearby. The driver got angry and came to report to my parents.
7	I felt so afraid when dad fell ill, he had never suffered from that disease since and I had never seen him as he was.
7	I was afraid when my mother left me alone to live in our house for one month.
7	When I dream of anything terrifying I used to have fear for the rest of the day that the dream might come true e.g., being beaten (or eaten ?) by a snake.
7	I broke a window of a neighbouring house and I feared my mother's judgement and action on what I had done.
7	When a thief entered the house in which I was sleeping.
7	I was in the house at night and I heard a hyena crying outside. It cried for almost an hour and I feared it might break the window and enter inside the house.
7	When I heard that my father had found a letter from my boyfriend and he was calling me to talk about it.
7	I was on my way home when suddenly Gule Wamkulu came from the bush and blocked the road. I was in fear and didn't know what to do.
7	I went to the prayer meeting at night and unfortunately the car broke down, so my other sister said I had to walk alone from Ndirande to Chirimba at around midnight. So we reached home at 1 am. I was afraid of robbers and dardness.
7	I was afraid when I met my Uncle because this time I was with my boyfriend I thought I was not going to be given pocket money.
7	I was asked to join my friend in a boat at Mangochi Lake Malawi and when making a turn, it seemed as if the boat would sink on the side.
7	I was sleeping alone in the house at night. A boy putting on a short only knocked at the window whispering that I should open for him.
7	Sometime back I used to stay with my mum alone then time came when dad joined the family from his working place I found myself having fear for him for no cause at all.
7	I was fearful when I realised that the relish was overcooked simply because I was not keen enough at checking whether there was still enough water in the relish or not, instead I was just playing with my friends.
7	My friend had been telling me about a certain bird which when it cries at night it's the sign that someone will die. So one night I was alone in the house and I heard the cry of the bird and I was afraid.
7	I had fear of my father (parents) when I first became pregnant. I was afraid of delivery itself and whether I would give birth to a stiiborn or a baby.
7	Fighting with class mates in Highschool.
7	Walking on a dark street with noone around.
7	Before examination.
7	Telling my parents that I did not well in an examn.
7	Lost my purse, the money in the purse belonged to my parents.
7	Damaged the tap in the residental Hall.
7	Waking up from a bad dream in a dark night with noone else around.
7	Left alone in the dining hall at night.
7	Could not find my way out in the college building at night.
7	Getting lost in a strange place.
7	Going to the examn not well prepared.
7	Left alone in the dark in a big building.
7	Walking alone in the dark in a strange street.
7	Facing a mad dog.
7	Listening to horrot stories at night.
7	Finding out that I am not an as able student as I thought.
7	Just arrived in the university, not knowing anybody.
7	Diagnosis that I have a stomache ulcer.
7	Before an examn.
7	Almost had a bicycle accident.
7	Getting ill.
7	Watching a horror film.
7	Staying alone in a dark place.
7	Beaten up by a classmate in school.
7	First time in anatomy.
7	Earth crake.
7	Staying alone in the dark.
7	Walking home in the dark from college.
7	Finding out that my health condition may be against my attending university lectures.
7	Going out alone in the dark.
7	My friend will find out that I am in love with her.
7	Before the examn.
7	Ran into a parking car on a bicycle.
7	I may not be clever enough to understand your English lectures.
7	Getting ill.
7	Anatomy lesson and told we have to do it at night sometimes.
7	Reading a horror story alone.
7	Left alone in the biology building surrounded by empty buildings.
7	Thinking about death when walking alone at night.
7	Doing anatomy alone for the first time.
7	I asked someone to bring some present to my father and found out that he is not a reliable person. I was afraid if my father would not get the presents he would be angry with me.
7	Staying alone in the biology building after the dark.
7	Finding out the great difference between China and the West in science.
7	My roommate refused to walk with me to the English lectures. I have to walk alone in the dark. Lectures are in the biology building.
7	My boat running into another boat.
7	Finding out that I made a stupid mistake in the examn.
7	Walking in the dark and thinking about ghost stories.
7	Finding out in your lecture that a doctor can make misdiagnoses because of ignorance in neuropsychology.
7	Finding out that a boy I do not like is in love with me.
7	Hearing a strange noise in the biology building.
7	Watching a horror film.
7	Staying alone in the room after midnight and reading horror stories.
7	Saw a classmate knocked down by a motorcycle.
7	Suddenly found out that I was the lasr one to leave the anatomy room.
7	Walking in the dark I saw something strange.
7	First time in anatomy.
7	I helped someone to do something and was found out.
7	Before the examn.
7	Being alone in the room at night.
7	Walking out from the biology building.
7	Being chased in the dark by someone I did not know.
7	Suddenly met someone in the biology building at night.
7	Talking about snakes.
7	Staying in a relative's house which was broken in before.
7	Before an important examn.
7	I am afraid of my academic results as I will face several problems.  I am scared of my limitations and the unlimited problems and I do not know how to cope with them.
7	When the doctor told me that there was something wrong with my eye and I had to undergo an operation.
7	I was afraid that I would fail an examination.
7	When I was walking along a road alone on my way to go shopping.
7	Once while walking along a hill; I fell down out of carelessness and I broke my left arm.
7	Once at midnight, I was working alone at office and the phone suddenly rang.
7	When I received the higher level exam results, I mistook the grade E in mathematics for a grade F and I was shocked.
7	Tutorial again !  A fearful feeling came to me when I sat on the chair and looked at my fellow students all around.  I was really scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the ideas that I had presented.
7	My best frieend left school recently.  The next day the weather turned bad suddenly and the male class-mates turned off the lights.  I remained on the table and was scared.
7	Waiting for the results of the High level examination.  I was afraid of not being accepted.
7	Once, before I had learnt to swim, I stepped on a slippery slope where there was a lot of moss and I slipped into the water.  The water was very deep and I could not stand on my feet.  I sank and had to use a lot of energy.
7	When I saw a horrible movie - Alien.
7	The day before the university results came out I was both excited and scared.  If I failed I did not know what I would do as I did not want to work, my family was ambivalent.
7	When I forgot the lines of the play during an orientation camp.
7	My 80 year old grandfather underwent three successive operations during a single year.  The third operation was risky and I was scared that he would die and feared that my grandmother would be very sad.
7	Fear of the turn that the examination paper would take as I lacked confidence.
7	One day a fierce looking man came to our house  and said that my father should apologize to him, however I was alone at home.
7	One night we were having a barbecue on the beach and I needed to go to my car, which was far away from the beach.  It was very dark as there were no street lamps.  I ran in the dark, very scared, I ran as fast as possible.
7	After the interview for admission to the university and before the admission list was disclosed.  I was scared that I would not be admitted and my fear lasted for quite some time.  My fear disappeared only after the list was disclosed.
7	I remember that my form 2 teacher was very fierce and dogmatic.  My feet would tremble whenever I saw her but I had to face the fact that I had to go for her class.
7	When I got the midterm exam results, the results were below average and were near the lowest.  I was scared of the final exam.
7	I feared that I would not be able to hand in the book-report on time as I had started working very late.  The book was difficult to read and my teacher did not accept my work as it was handed in late.
7	Looking for the toilet in a dark place.
7	An hour before receiving the certificate results I was very frightened.  When I saw others crying I felt very tense and as time went by my fear grew.
7	An inter-college basket-ball match.
7	Once while crossing a road I was overcome with fear.
7	I was not prepared for the exam but I wanted to sleep the night before the exam.
7	The hero was chased by a terrible vampire in a suspense and horror film shown on T.V.
7	My friend and I had offended our classmate unintenionally.  We wanted to apologize to her so we decided to visit her.  We knew that she was stubborn so we were frightened.  When we rang her door bell, our fear was at it's climax
7	I was camping in an old broken hut which had no lights.  I had brought along a lamp which was not working very well.  The door made strange sounds and I was sure that strange things were happening.  The most terrifying bit was that there were many wardrobes in the hut and everytime that I looked in the glass of the wardrobe I felt that there were \objects\" behind me.   The á|whole night was spent in fear and restlessness."
7	When I went home and there was nobody, I waited till 2 A.M and      still nobody.  I was suddenly scared and anxious as this had never happened before.  In addition my mother was very weak and I feared that she had met with an accident.  Therefore I was anxious  all night.
7	Whenever I am alone in a dark room, walk alone on the street, sleep alone in the room at night or see something which is only partly visible.  This emotion was very strong when as an 8 year   old child I saw something horrible.
7	One day when I was a little boy, my friends asked me to play with them outside and to catch some boys.  However our parents did not know that we were out and when I got home it was very late and I feared being scolded by my parents.
7	I am scared when I stroll alone on the Chung Chi college campus.
7	During the first year in university I had bad results in both the terms, especially the first term.  I was afraid that  I would not be promoted to the next year and that the others would go ahead of me.
7	The exam was drawing near and I wanted to prepare for it.  But I had a lot of other things to do so I did not have much time to prepare  for the exams.  Whenever I sat down to study I was scared that I would  not be able to finish it.
7	The day the results of the certificate exam came out.  I went to school and at first I did not feel frightened.  By the time I reached the fourth floor ( the results were being given on the fifth floor) I found it difficult to walk and felt that I would die.
7	I was on a trip to Phillipines during Summer and I was staying in a hotel.  The room I was staying in was very silent and had very dim lights.  The last night I felt frightened and lay awake - I could hear some sounds around me and dared not open my eyes - I waited for dawn.
7	When I was young I got lost on the street and the police found me after a day.
7	One year, when I went to a camp, I was chased by a dog.  I tried hard and finally managed to escape from it.  My torch suddenly went off and we talked about ghost stories and I thought that there were ghosts.
7	I found a problem in homework which would not get solved although I tried my best.
7	[ No response.]
7	Once, when I was ten, I could not remember why my mother was so angry.  She fainted suddenly and I was very scared as I did not know what to do .
7	At noon one Sunday I received a phone call telling me that my mother had been knocked down by a car at the street crossing and that her husband should go and see her.  I could not believe this as my father and my mother had gone out together to buy lunch boxes.  However I immediately ran to the scene of the accident.
7	One camping night, I listened to the ghost stories told by my classmates.
7	After seeing a horror film - Omen.  I could not sleep at night  even though I closed my eyes.  The last scene of the film kept coming back to me, I seemed to hear the girls in the film shouting at the devil.  The devil did not have any expression on his face and I thought that he would choose me.
7	A boy phoned me at night and wanted to talk to me for 30 minutes outside.  I thought that he would reveal what he felt and would question me on our relationship.  I treated him as a friend and did not want any misunderstandings.  Therefore I refused to meet him and told him that I would see him the coming day.  I was very unhappy as I feared having hurt him and got him into trouble.
7	When I was young I had gone to an old lift and played with the antique lift.  The guy discovered me and warned me, I was very frightened.
7	After listening to ghost stories with my classmates I had to back alone to the hostel at night.  I had to walk through a long and quiet road and I was scared of meeting a ghost.
7	I did not do well in one of the subjects last term.   I was afraid that I would fail.  My result was a grade D, though it was not good I still passed.  I felt more comfortable then.
7	At primary school the teacher caught me cheating during a dictation.
7	At night when I was alone at home (all the family members usually get together at that time) someone knocked vigorously on the door.
7	It was a week before the higher level results were announced.  I had tried and failed many times and this was the last time that I was taking the exam.  I knew that if i failed again I woulld have to enter the society.  I imagined things during this period - I dreamt that I had entered university and it was a nice experience.  When I thought about the future, an unexplainable fear rose in me.  I feared being a worker and not having a bright prospect, I also feared the criticism of my relatives as my brother had gone to university.  Whenevr I thought of this issue I could not eat or concentrate, and my heart beat increased.
7	On Christmas eve,1984, I had just finished the exams and was afraid as the results of one of my major subjects had been very unsatisfactory.  I thought that I had only a 50% chance of passing.  Even if I failed this subject I would not need to repeat.  However I liked this subject very much and my results were bad because of my lazyness.  If I was forced to change to a minor in this subject I would be very unwilling.
7	My parents were out and I was the eldest at home.  At midnight a male stranger phoned us and spoke to me in a rough language.  I hung up and heard someone walking outside our door.
7	@tlockemy I do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk.
7	Almost to grandmas now. No internet there. I will never catch up on twitter.
7	@EeepersChoice I'd rather she not, if she's going to destroy them.
7	quick catch up on missed Neighbours ... poor Libby
7	is sad that she is not seeing Basshunter at Metroplex this weekend
7	Aw crap! My iPod has a thin, gray line across the screen! Didn't drop it - I take good care of it. How long before it dies?
7	last night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi
7	I am so bored
7	still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!
7	Welcome @MarcCall !!! Let me suggest to you @fakejohnpiper and @fakepastormark. You'll love 'em! In other news, my algae fish died today
7	Sucky Sucky homework
7	having bad day
7	Why do I always have a headache?
7	insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
7	@DawnRichard at least your luggage came. I came back from Paris and the airlines lost all my luggage...
7	Trying Resco MobileForms Toolkit and sample. Trial messages ruin everything, the sample has bugs, it's running slow. Poor 1st impression.
7	@lkingratedr oo wow f u lionel ull d.a. do tha
7	@dougiemcfly join the club dougie i have a cold too  x
7	Twitter is slowing me down today.
7	@Gr8ttoess I'm sad you got one hiding it  LMAO
7	@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down
7	I realized last night that I have no idea where my PnS went to during the move... I hope it's not lost and gone forever
7	@icebergmeadow No but this is our poor week
7	gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired.
7	@letter2twilight LMAO! I don't fake being Paris anymore. Look at my bio ;) and by the way I can't log onto your forum...
7	Britains got talent only two episodes left  Will miss them buzzers lol.
7	@stashdrawer Sims 2 owns my life lately! LOL I want to get Sims 3, but my computer can't support it.
7	to start shit or leave shit alone...tough decision
7	Last free Friday.
7	@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
7	@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
7	I'm SO out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning
7	so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me
7	Its official, I am working Sunday in DC.
7	You spelled my name wrong, but message received   http://tinyurl.com/krw9p3
7	@jonasbrothers brazil LOOOOOOOOVES you, i miss you  24th may, the perfect day off
7	Dreading the weekly grocery shopping.
7	no run today...     tomorrow, I'll take Lilly (the lab) and shoot for 7.
7	Just got in a bit of a car accident, poor Patrick
7	@kaecie76 mines ben slow since last night, think i might need to reset it
7	@bethanyNYC SO jealous...see if you can get some Dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!!
7	Grizzly Bear Concert tonight!!!!! Can't wait. Will my cold be over by then though?
7	I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed
7	@RikaReek my vehicle is STILL being worked on which means I won't get it bak until tuesday! I miss my baby
7	yay! got to order more diapers from @clothcouturellc i'm confused though. what's the point of cute prints if they have to be covered up?
7	@carostilwell I'm praying for you and your family beav! I'm so sorry for your loss
7	urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im SO snappy today. having a total fat day too
7	Can not afford the DR this year. I just can't pull it off this time.
7	It's about time I let people know whats happenning, although I often wonder why I bother   but hey it'll soon be Christmas........
7	Organic chemistry  ah so confusing!
7	I am not feeling well
7	@DavidGibbons Thanks for the link. I've been out of NY, missed many non-online bills so know how badly my score's been hit
7	@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download later, sadly enough, I missed the first hour of it.
7	Thunder &amp; lightning scarededededed me!
7	@goddessgreeneye i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water!
7	@sarah6800 why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot
7	@LIL_MISS_CBW Sorry!  It's been one hell of a day.  I has flooding
7	Waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved
7	is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable
7	They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay
7	@InEveryWordISay no cuz i feel the same way....
7	@Secretfriend3 I sure hope so but I might spend all my shopping money today.
7	gosh, watchin cosmetic surgery nightmares on ITV , it is AWFUL
7	@TheTarquin I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	PRD take a long time to review!
7	@MItchBenn ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work
7	Playing some games before I leave for work   Work til at least 11PM tonight.
7	@jeffieruth OMG, POOR Jack.  That happened to @jisbellemtp 's dog one time. Hope he gets better soon.
7	This is too much lmbo (litterally) I have to stop b4 I lose my twitter buddies
7	researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly
7	@snakechaarmer yea, it's looking like we may be a no-show  I havnt been able to get out of my art/sci obligations.
7	Cucumbers. Mmm not so much ugh
7	@BenSpark heck, who am I kidding, he's better with a camera than I am, that's for sure! LOL He likes video too but he dropped his vid cam
7	Don't really feel like I got a tan  I gave up and am working out instead. Skin cancer is overrated. &lt;3 CJ
7	Whew. Finally done editing my Friendster account. Haha! Oh, geez. I'm hungry.
7	walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down
7	No 1 evr brngs me a starbux!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
7	Gettin some fuel, too bad no one is reading this!
7	Think I have sunstroke.
7	my baby's off on his adventure. 14.5 hours in the car up to Lake Ann Mi. I admit it. I cried a little when the truck pulled out...
7	@xkathyxrocksx  SAimee 26 july, Underage festival 2 August, i found some others but they were too far away
7	Damn, I Burned My legs  !x
7	wishing I had brought my USB fan to work   air_circulation++
7	@TiaMowry I think you and Tamera should have your own show anyway...the CW or ABC fam is not appreciating you like they should.
7	I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain.
7	@iamdiddy I NEED A HUG! IM MOVING HOUSE ALL BY MYSELF AND IM MAJORLY STRESSED
7	@edsaint  take some tablets- could be migraine
7	now feels like a dork for using the wrong Ping group
7	@KMC1121 lolz dude I have to stop it got too personal my homegirl my be on twitter  lol
7	@Kasey79 I didnt get his  tweet
7	Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    http://digg.com/d1sPp7
7	@iamthenoface I'm having no luck either  Doing my nut in! Who are you hoping to see?
7	@ecnmst I'm doing all of Russia today! Because I'm cracking on with Economics tommorow  I'm retaking aswell :/
7	@titotheceo hahaha omg i only got 3 hrs of sleep
7	@Anticiplate man, I am really sorry
7	(2/2) everything but finacially we just dont have it
7	has burnt my hand on the cooker, it hurts
7	Every part of my body aches   I'm tryin' so hard not to throw up
7	@SophieeeeLouise How do you vote? I'm on the website but can't find how to vote.
7	@Ross_C I can't find the original on blip.fm and the Ex Models version, not so much...
7	@samluminate oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous.
7	@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
7	-was just told by Dan to NOT say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =(
7	Cloudy today
7	@NickyDiamonds  haha I do, lake show will prob win. But I learned my lesson from my 18-1 pats
7	Cannot tweet. Eyes still dilated from morning eye exam. Am on verge of bifocals, and so is @adravan
7	i need to get my computer fixed
7	@XJakeXChaosX they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol
7	really really really hopes jordyn will be okay
7	@cathrynbray sorry
7	toooo much outside killen my eyes
7	My poor laptop got a &quot;rogue malware&quot; visitor on it &amp; isn't working properly    BIG Bummer!
7	I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go now, I've got some homework to do
7	I have SUCH a headache right now. I really need to get better!
7	All done. No more internship.
7	yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down
7	@SPAMponesALL I have to work  but I'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same.
7	Babysitting the little kids! I cant believe the year is over!
7	Bah, tea and toast for me because my stomach is not happy   The tea is yummy though...
7	Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I'll probably head over there soon for support
7	On the way to the dentist.
7	@heatherlilly what's follow Friday?? Lol.
7	@katdrabeck that song is soooooo hot! i want to go but might have to wrk - i think my mgr is pissed - should have worked last night
7	@roxannakate I need to buy it for the iPhone. It's such a good app. Only works on WI-FI though
7	@TCSLive That storm seems to be coming my way
7	It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet
7	he keeps makingfun of my typos!
7	@theroomstops Urm, ouch, that sucks. You need crutches?  What happened? I hope you get/feel better soonest!
7	@gulpanag thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date
7	@Agent_M aww why psn?
7	@mileycyrus WHAT THAT'S NOT FAIR I CAN'T VOTE IT SAYS THE VOTING IS CLOSED  BUT I DID VOTE EVERYDAY WHEN I COULD VOTE LIKE 20X'S
7	unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) ITER fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025
7	That didn't take long.. A fragment of bone did not heal to the major bone, it is now being reabsorbed by my body, may need fix in future
7	I am like 20 feet from @aplusk (ashton kutcher)'s movie set &amp; trailers... but he is nowhere in sight!
7	Good morning world! I feel really sick.
7	Umm after schooL , at subway w. My mom ; nothing to do planss are ruined
7	@courtneyreece I know how you feel. My head is getting stuffier and stuffier, and it is not fun.
7	@misulqa i didnt but was close to it. i'm pretty sure i'll be crying when this school year is over though  we all weill be crying.
7	@cbarrett just something different than all the text around it.  There's no difference whatsoever
7	I totally forgot my phone at home this morning
7	i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression.....
7	is hungry, twitter.  i want food. &lt;/3
7	@g33kguy @alisonwaring Looks like the nap will have to wait. I'm still waiting on the poor guy
7	@hwilliams3782 thanks, it's a job that pays the bills and nothing new except for the 15 sec trailer...I keep looking but nothing else
7	Help. My computer has a virus. I had to place my Etsy shop into vacation mode until I can sort this out. I don't know WHAT to do!
7	3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'.
7	@tommcfly (2) in commentary @flahmanow , I was with her, was sad, very sad
7	@shawin I've been using the Sennheiser CX 300 earbuds for 8 months and I love them.  Don't know if they're available in MU though.
7	@AmyDeWitt You have arthritis in them?  Really??  Poor you  That would be painful - but you can't be that old.  How many squats did u do
7	@TDRFarmer Are you going to the game tonight? There is so much excitement today that I'm feeling left out. Have other plans
7	At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack
7	What was I going to do? i've forgotten.
7	i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now
7	The parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. I got jipped! And the 10 free minute button didn't work.
7	Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun
7	@ditzynicky my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together
7	i still DON'T have the internet @ home  FUCK
7	Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) &amp; PsPrint, each biz card = sep. project =
7	Need to take my laptop to see a specialist... It keeps going off every now and then... thisk it's getting too hot... don't know
7	@kchasesimmons unfortunetly no  I wish, I mean sometimes like twice a yr they'll have a party, but not always
7	How I wish I wish I did not eat that....burger.
7	I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day.
7	Tried Nokia's Ovi music store: &quot;Nokia Music does not currently support the Mozilla Firefox (Mac OS X) browser on your operating system&quot;
7	I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya
7	absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday
7	@JNez I hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: Watchmen, Dark Knight, Star Trek.
7	I hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability, that is.
7	@FlowerDust I'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on Sunday &amp; I can't come hear ya.
7	Is in serious pain.
7	Doesn't want to go to work
7	Laying ALONE!! Since Mook's soo comfy in his f'n play pen. I thought it was ill at first now I don't have no one to cuddle with...
7	@shaydakiss doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions
7	man, its weird, Mom's cooking is giving me so much nutrition but also so much unladylike gas
7	noooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine
7	In French trois, nobody is sitting next to me. I feel a little lonely...
7	Feeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good
7	@shopronson I have placed an order with the HOH people, but they are taking forever to process it!  Cant wait to start selling it. xo
7	@GH_Confidential I tried to use Spinelli to turn him on to GH, but it didn't really work
7	Omg after all this searching, still can't find what I am looking for.
7	i wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow
7	I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car.
7	&quot;@tracecyrus&quot;have you the e-mail from Miley ???? I want to write with her but I cant
7	just tried a billion times to get through to @MandyyJirouxx on say now
7	Migranes suck....Especially when the kids are suddenly hyper.
7	@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in.
7	@melzygirl you have no interview today?
7	@Juggernautt I broke my ipod
7	bored, no one is on \line to talk to
7	i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice.
7	Sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day
7	@PokerAuthority I broke up with Christian Bale when he played Batman
7	CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!!
7	STUPID!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load.
7	I bought a Leica M8, charger arrived DOA. Called Leica,  got transferred around and left a VM.  atleast the RF isn't misaligned...
7	Brad Paisley+Alison Krauss- Whiskey Lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!
7	grrrr youtube wont let me watch the @Jonasbrothers chat again
7	Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office
7	@goodbyeblueskyy everything okay?
7	I got a headache
7	Lookin' at spreadsheets so long my eyes are crossing...
7	Only one more day left of Ramona  I will miss the cast soo much!
7	@Philip5150 at the #manics gig.  Toasting your speedy recovery - sorry you can't be here
7	Havin a bad weed first wisdom teeth then ran out of weed now I might be getting sick . . . if only i had more weed
7	@platea sorry @platea friends - I'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! No charades for me.
7	frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor
7	I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here
7	Just got Dailybooth and not sure what to do. It's confusing!
7	I want to be in love.......
7	@RyanSmithLLC you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! You won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear
7	it's friday but i have to work the weekend
7	I'm going to have Zydrate Anatomy stuck in my head for the rest of my life. It makes me miss Chelsea. She always liked Graverobber.
7	Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
7	Another friend knocked up.   Pretty soon everyone will have kids. Goodbye carefree youth!
7	@reverz - nice how the lifelock suit was brought by experian basically to reduce processing costs caused by ppl who don't want id theft
7	sick on wifes bday= double
7	the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!
7	@kkozmic Sorry but there is no parking space. And I just realized I didn't delete one sentence doing copy&amp;paste in that email
7	Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study
7	Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming
7	Practically my whole body burns... I can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms
7	@LisetteRosalie the worst kind of news
7	@FrugalGaming i can see the box but when i type and submit nothing happens. ive turned off pop up thingy too
7	around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick
7	SMH @ PPL WHO ONLY TWIT U UP ON FRIDAYS B/C U GOT 100+ FOLLOWERS AND THEY'RE STILL BANKING 15-20  #NOFAKERY
7	just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!
7	New chic just texted me saying &quot;Thanks for the e-mail&quot; but didn't answer to my question, might need to look for newer chic now
7	Is wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet &amp; it isn't turning out so hot
7	is missing training tonight, the lurgy is on my chest
7	@davilivingston I don't know, I noticed that happens to me sometimes too.
7	@SU2C unfortunately I am stuck at work so I can't get said prize
7	@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! Well, for a little while. Now it's super cloudy!
7	My pen just blew up in my hand. There's ink everywhere. I am now a walking Rorschach test.
7	@rachelyn082909 i think i ordered a few days after you. Maybe you got something that was on backorder?
7	Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be.
7	@burdr &quot;Restoration of the site would also take place as part of the Banks proposals&quot; - after the birds have gone? Avocets there this yr
7	@zoe__  that's not good! hope you get better soon and good luck with the exams!
7	@xtfrtalr what's that supposed to mean?! Thats not good
7	@pete_brown Damnit, I accidentally put @scottgu instead of @realscottgu in my #FollowFriday
7	i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow with his face on it. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
7	@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
7	@ROHonHDNet Why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?
7	At the doctor's office, waiting for Dr. Sufka to see me. Tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better Friday than me.
7	My comp is being slo w
7	@dougiemcfly  stuck from tom i guess...  hope you get well soon.... wishess....
7	Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
7	@Squirrel84 dude there is no sun here.
7	GASP] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry
7	@fpudude10 its so sad how dead it is.
7	@VRGURUS What you said is as good as day dreaming!  sorry to say that our country is in such a state....
7	Whoo, BGT!! I really must multi-task and do my Art work at the same time though, back at College on Monday!!
7	@fishhhface CASEY'S GONE?!?! BUT WHY?! So, she piddled a little on the carpet. She's prolly freaked cause it's new. Can we get her back?
7	Babysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles
7	@burrrbank ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones.
7	@Steve_Sanderson What's with Twatter lately?  Either I can't get on or the replies don't turn up!
7	@ChrisLAS never tried to FTP to S3, but I use FireFTP (Firefox browser addin) ... no mention of S3 support on their site though.
7	@sthig, you make baby jeebus cry
7	ughhhh.... sad day.
7	@MIssKatherine Omg granddads bday was epic lol. &amp; no i havent heard anything yet so i dont think
7	lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs
7	videos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the published,  artificial, view count - OOFM was already frozen when we got to it
7	Aaahhh I'm just so busy. Sorry everyone.
7	@marginatasnaily i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x
7	having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me
7	@LeighanneReena Nice...I'd like to be there...but it's too far...  I'm from Brazil... kisses and have a nice day!!!
7	Darn all of you! I wish i could watch bgt now, but if i did i wouldn't be able to fast forward through the ads  + dinners very soon..
7	need a break...my head hurts
7	@maryvictoria did you get fired?  *hugs*
7	Having serious technical issues in the studio  oh well thank god for the technician
7	@johnhayato I love Overnight. And they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you.
7	My phone does not work in the DONS
7	@0oze you always appear on the, like, 10 minutes a week I'm not here
7	This day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ...
7	there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on
7	@pauljchambers Spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? You said it!
7	Its hott out. I think i shall go swimming. Eh i feel empty had my dermals removed and took out some other piercings.
7	I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!!
7	@nick_carter Wish me happy birthday? my eyes are tearing
7	feels better now that she ate. Doesnt want to be here until 9:30.
7	Waiting for Natie to come online I miss him.
7	@prsvr Ok then  ...I was doing fine..now not so much lol
7	@ddlovato hey how is everything going? please reply back. sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me
7	made an appointment for the cat to see the vet in the morning. He seems kind of thin and needs a checkup anyway.
7	wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year
7	made my dad kool aid and it taste like shit
7	Haven't eaten all day  I need food...
7	@aeayling my poor baby I think it's allergies! Can I do amything about it bc he's been that way sence monday
7	@cam_reed i feel so bad that happened to you  did the police find the guy that did it? are u gonna get your stuff back?
7	@LostMyHeart Gourmet pizza = BLEH. Pizza is SUPPOSED to be greasy and filthy. You can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef.
7	had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do?
7	My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
7	been busy at work, now must run before traffic is too bad.
7	is supposed to go to an Aztex game tonight but is not sure she'll be able to make it
7	@dmbdork had to give him an ultimatum... don't think it's gonna go the way I want, but I had to do it
7	today sucks so far  god please make it bettterrrrr
7	My knee is killing me
7	i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:
7	...yup..still havent packed
7	ugh, i dont feel like going to work today
7	@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses
7	got an ear infection...man that sh*t hurts!
7	@tommcfly apparently were not as good as the Brazillians tho'
7	homeee! my feet are sore
7	My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly.
7	ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend
7	It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row
7	Stupid fucking car service never came - now I only have 30 minutes to make it to the airport. Wish me luck yall...
7	Everytime i have a bruise, @marcuselzey can't stop hitting it on accident.
7	not having a good day..one bad thing after another
7	okay someplease save me!!! now I am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night
7	Im a bad blogger!! I have not blogged in weeks~ oops!
7	not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me.
7	I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
7	@aneffie53  thx, I was aware,  2 day festival -multi bands - but GA I can't do any more.  Must wait for a sit down concert
7	@Laura_lou27 i have moved through to edinburgh from glasgow - new flat, no phone line or broadband
7	@cwardzala Ironically, that thought goes through my head (no pun intended) for *every* headache I have...  Hope it goes away soon.
7	@corylamb i was going tonight, but you never wrote me back with the info  im sososo sad...
7	Tryin to upload a new pic but this shit says its too big
7	@mileycyrus I'd love to, but i'm all the way in India.
7	Freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear.....
7	my entire body hurts.  shower, hot tea and tv please..
7	@jesslo24 oh no Jess I hope the person is ok
7	Sometimes, twitter makes me feel like an outsider..
7	Sparty's just shut down the McDonel site. Looks like I lose some hours
7	@TearBear7   Bummer.  I hope it doesn't continue too long.
7	@donthateitskate  please don't
7	i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr
7	so sleepy! boyfriend's leaving for the weekend
7	Looks like no diamond ball for me
7	@chilkotardis I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	Picked up Luna from the vet. She looks like she's been crying  I'm not kidding. Her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. My poor bebe!
7	Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over.
7	@SherriEShepherd Wish you were doing one in San Francisco!
7	@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!!
7	@mileycyrus EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOESN'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@
7	Can feel a headache growing.
7	@Handroll That didn't work, unfortunately.
7	Surgery.
7	@PhillyD http://twitpic.com/679tn ...Dude.....how could you?
7	Back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf
7	Hmm, $25 to see the Decemberists, but I have to go to Raleigh on a work night... or $95 for cheap seats to the Bolshoi? Probably neither
7	Yes we had four gas leaks in our house in the 3 yrs we lived here- that's what u get for buyin an old house
7	@savvybride  That's no good. I'm sorry
7	not certain if it's good to be back home or not.  dropping of car rental now though
7	yes! its finally friday, and im stuck doing projects
7	i REALLY hope my parents don't make me stay home for being sick
7	@xShefSx omg my ID aint come back yet  im sooo worried it best be bk by next week or il screamm!!! lmao and yeah u choose! its ur bday x
7	@CocaBeenSlinky sorry  LOL
7	Ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up), but the order status online still says waiting review.
7	Is sad when people's phones are dead
7	On my way to LA. Running a little bit late
7	@RetroRewind That is the 3rd NKOTB contest that Canadians can't enter   The overseas fans have theirs now!  It's bound to be our turn!
7	i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera
7	@JinBeautiful so i'm screwed
7	@iamdiddy  I love you and Day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that I liked it
7	SCHOOL IS FINALLY OVER NO MORE TEST OR WORK YES!!!!!!! But im gunna miss alot of ppl
7	@ORANGESTOAPPLES Well, don't point and laugh if I mess up or die of nervousness.
7	after a great day at work with the kids, disappointment with my roof decal
7	@anotorias lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different food, Mmmm grapes!
7	I don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh.
7	@Jen_Walker21 sadly no, I'll be going to the killumbus show. I really want to but no one wants to drive me there
7	@Thorney88 i have tried Bulmers Pear Cider - Yuk and it made me bad for a few days!!
7	@rawritsria just got a text by now the one on michigan is empty, dont know about state street yet
7	http://bit.ly/UnRyF  I want this, but...
7	hasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time!
7	@ilyChrisBreezy lol awww lol i will i can't do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy
7	oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet
7	OMG  I BROKE DOWN AND HAD PIZZA BECAUSE I WAS STRESSED OUT  @Thefatboys @theunclelouie @princemarkiedee you mad at me?
7	@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!
7	@MandyyJirouxx: I live in germany, it costs a lot too!  I wish you could follow me anyway..
7	@amandalaur i know right, that's so weak  but the g1 seems most like the sk i think. latonya is lamesauce, just call her that from now on
7	@iViva I have trouble updating!!!
7	@crystalchappell &quot;we'll do lunch&quot;  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in
7	I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job
7	just threw up
7	Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
7	Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday.
7	needed my semi-gay best friend to go shoe shopping with me tonight. Alas he is nowhere to be found.
7	Had a little fight with My Best Friend   What should I Do?!?
7	I have softball
7	ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code
7	@officialjman thanks for wishing me luck a couple of weeks ago on getting into a higher choir, but i didn't make it
7	I seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. BBL after errands &amp; pricing &quot;comp fixes&quot;. Not many places left 4 that.
7	When someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??, but what can you do??, I'm tired, exhausted and dissapointed
7	@roflcopterfail except the fact that it's been raining since Wednesday, and not supposed to stop till Monday. ew.
7	@TerriZSoloCEO and here I didn't think you had a cruel bone in your body ... torturing me with sunshine...hmph
7	@MissLaura317 Aww internet  But yeah .. he did say he wanted applause after every take he did. Careful what you ask for lol. AHH *twitch*
7	Hate fighting
7	@DutchRaymond gay marriage isn't legal everywhere here.
7	@pokeyp I saw that you were calling but cannot answer as I'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking
7	@darkmindedsith Damn it. I can't film it. Nevermind
7	getting sick  cough. cough.
7	Whew! I literally shopped till I dropped....and sprained my ankle.  Ugh...do you see the sacrifices I make for you??
7	Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...
7	@Ms_AliceV No  None in the house and I'm not sure i should drive to the coffee stand. It's worse than I thought it would be.
7	@LisaTalkingTots So sorry to hear your terrible news   Thinking of you all x
7	NO MORE MSHS!!!!!!!! Gotta go to work...too tired
7	@saydiemason Well i don't what we should do
7	Ok. Over exagerrated. Twitter is not to bad.... I guess.
7	Is Watching Britains Got Talent, &amp; Is biting her nails. Please don't come off black nail varnish
7	@jerricklim Well, perhaps that's because I don't find my life fabulous
7	i can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy! @tommcfly do you have toy story toys? 8-)
7	I'm stuffed n can't move
7	hates broken promises.  http://plurk.com/p/x2l3e
7	@smdarie Ahhh I miss you!! I had DQ the other night without you...it broke my heart a bit
7	Kam just called.  She, Emmy &amp; Laloo went to the Barn.  On their way back now and Keltin is in atomic meltdown mode.  That's a LONG drive
7	I feel bad for John and Kate. And the 8.
7	@BingTheCherry he's on zul'jin (i think that's how you spell it) so i doubt they'll ever meet
7	I don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture
7	Auto uit de running... One down, one yet to build
7	Hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
7	after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them
7	Frak. I like sunshine, but I do NOT like heat headaches  shame, because today was lovely otherwise.
7	When it rains it pours. Life sucks
7	I don't know what im doing :S
7	is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm!
7	man iCant send love on Bebo. Cuz im on Skoo Comps. UGH! thiss sucks.
7	@DionneSouth but they weren't that good  I see the cuteness factor getting them through though. #bgt
7	@danger_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the end, shes embarrased and i think it just got outta hand a bit poor girl  xX
7	Hey, @jonaknt I'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?
7	But ... but ... who will produce the next Starsailor record?
7	@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it once, almost got killed
7	I have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home
7	@tommcfly tweet me, have a convo i will tell you whats happening in BGT!did you watch the final of lost? i was like noo dont end it there
7	My baby is no longer a Kindergartener...   Today was her last day.
7	Doh! I was hoping to get a book for the missus but exclusive books are closed
7	-- I won't feel guilty and like I should be revising stuff after today, haha
7	car broken probably for good
7	Doctor's appointment at 4:30 because my blood pressure is high. Really?! Already?!
7	@miabatsoy awww...i hope you'd be well na sis....it's so disgusting to be sick  better take the rest that you need...charge up...mwah!
7	Oh..Summer begins..yay..  The fighting, Crying and stress has started with the kids..It's only been 3 hrs since they got out.
7	@tommcfly maybe you could go outside to meet some fans?  im not even from sao paulo, im from rio, but.. idk, just saying :/
7	fire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my SA audition perfectly, but i can't find a karaoke track in a high enough key
7	@bridgers i have one too
7	I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying
7	I want some cookies.
7	@penflare  tell me about it
7	my girlies @VeeVeeBOMBSHELL &amp; @ReeseCromwell r leavin me today  Vanessa, I'll c u when u'r black *I mean back and Reese, I'll c u Sunday
7	@MommaSalty Aw, sorry about your cat   No worries about the blankets, I was just wondering, I'm in no rush, take your time!
7	Yum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl
7	@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students
7	Last Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tonight!
7	ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt
7	I think I messed up my back, its been like this all day
7	I missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?
7	Phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet
7	@tommcfly say hi to me, i'm depressed cause i cant see you
7	traveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family
7	@jeremyfritsche your understanding would require taking paragraph 3 out of context. But para5 COULD lead to opting out of EVERY class.
7	A sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. The nasty things can swim! Frightening detail!
7	Just found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer, including one run on sentence. It happens more and more these days
7	@Levanah_Gates am also gutted...the end is nigh  x
7	Oh dear god, going to have to buy a Mac and Pro-Tools, I think my darling edit suite is soon to be filled with Prince Of Persia Movie
7	i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml.
7	Getting ready for a long weekend of work..friday Saturday and Sunday
7	HOMELESS afterJune 1st.......
7	sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers
7	We will be changing our name again  Please stay tuned and follow our new page once Ophelia barks up a new name for http://dog-wuh.com thx!
7	@Martysixnine  How vile are people, they have to remove things that have a value
7	Me and my sister is listening to goodbye my almost lover by a fine frenzy. That was me and scarletts song. Makes me sad.
7	@CaitiCaitlin I know but unfortunately I'm one of the fifteen bazillions of Americans without health insurance.  awesome
7	Good! luck you! I want new shoes  Ly x
7	I buy the team Zotz and they decide to roast me.
7	@BeansOnToasted NOOOOO I hate traffic
7	Damn... Why does it take so long to install SBS2008?!
7	@bjcash AHhh FCUKKK...i missed out AGAIN  You must fill me in with the deetZ...see you tonight?!?!!
7	@monkeymoosh Happened to me the other day.  Was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest.
7	Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat
7	Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks, ugh
7	@jennifalconer I haven't heard Greg before I'm scared , I've heard he's rather freaky  x
7	@cln0103    hope all is ok.
7	@punkpolkadots ya i suppose so...wish i cud hv thm bk
7	healthy food is NOT helping my hangover
7	Aww man. @Wired arrived. How-To Guide-less
7	@KaarinE Me too I need the sudden urge to do it. Missing the Diplomat title
7	@KMC1121 lol... im going to log off for about an hr lolz b4 I lose more followers  keep the #NOFAKERY movement going!
7	@minneappler I'm all out of life preservers, sorry   But if it's any consolation, you're in for something really special tomorrow.
7	@rachaelblogs Good for you Rachel.  I have nowt
7	@keylahtia yeah its goin to vmail now.. I CALLED it while i was in the store.. no luck
7	@bradleemeredith Awwwww, i'm sorry
7	@lell I live here and I don't see all these great things
7	a bit worried...
7	I have one less follower  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.
7	@Anjeebaby @aileenwilliams Please don't get me watching BB too
7	My 89 year old grandma in Chicago is having emergency surgery today....
7	is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace
7	I'm getting me &amp; my family ready for Kaylee's graduation! It's gonna make me so sad.
7	@capcomms It was BuckFast. Brain just went blank
7	@thankthatstar i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community
7	@AskCarrieLee CVS is that like a genetic brand?Poor you,my hubby gets bad allergies..no fun!
7	@barmak9 Shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.Sadly children wr involved in zahedan
7	Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight
7	@tommcfly you and the guys should come down here, we are fucking freezing out here!
7	omfg. one of the worst days ever!
7	no viewers  and and @steff_blehh, did you block me on skype?
7	What happened to the weather??
7	@tobiefysh I really haven't got the hang of these hash tags have I?
7	Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus
7	@FionaKyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!
7	Ummm. My kid just said &quot;fucker&quot; .. Like minutes before his gparents are due to show. Everyone knows it's his mom with the potty mouth
7	Internet, you were so fast! And now you are so slow! Where did the fast connection go?
7	needs to get over this fever grrrrr....
7	Every pair of jeans I own nowadays is very tight.  I think mah butt gettin big (oh!)
7	Radio Royals AM Transmitter has packed up today... not good   Anyone got a spare in your shed... lol
7	@TeeRibbzz ok Mr. Man help me out with some followers.....  PLEASEEEEEEEE
7	1 week post my&quot;horrible, traumatic jumping cholla accident.&quot;-cholla's next dirty trick:pieces are starting to emerge from my hand! Ouch!
7	35 hours in the sun=rash
7	@Mr_Kimbalicious Lol! I was just walking  I think its all the polish I used while cleaning earlier, its made the floor slippery!
7	home from work today.....son is sick
7	the weekend is about to begin! Got an idea for a project that I think would be cool -- just not sure I've got the time for it right now.
7	urban think fail. chai latte is not good there
7	@melissa_beery Yeah little rough this morning but more tonight, and tomorrow night if all goes as planned. Caloric intake off the charts
7	back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
7	@Bwadoo that doesnt look good at all.
7	is gaining weight.  rather
7	I lost my artistic abilities
7	My jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. Holy cow, am I getting shorter?!?
7	I miss my 8703
7	@Emma300 Guess I'd better look out for a new best friend once those VIP tickets have been used! You won't want me anymore!
7	shout out to all the people goin to prom &amp; iish &quot;damn i kinda miss high school&quot;
7	Back from a very boring 20-20 cricket match in Canterbury. It's supposed to be big hitting, but there was only one 6. Shame
7	I'm so sad that Cage on Daisy of Love went home this week  him crying made me tear up a bit..
7	puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
7	If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon.
7	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5kahh - omg i read Night in english class! so sad
7	never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry
7	my sunburn hurts
7	@tommcfly say a hi to me tom  please please
7	Nobody's home tonight. Except me. Alone. Sigh. Oh how I wish @MysteriousLover was here
7	where is my melly belly when i need her ?
7	@ my sisters crying my eyes out, hubby called from Iraq, spoke for n2 minutes heard popping sounds in the background and call dropped.
7	@brookeburke i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you
7	Just home from work!!!!! Need to continue packing. Raerae is gone for the weekend.   Mya and I are hanging out
7	My graduation day... And i feel like a failure...
7	@Littleradge shit your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you
7	@ddeeaannnnaa89 already did... index finger, left hand... still bleeding, hurts pretty bad. I hate being clumsy
7	@shadowcall I'm sorry to hear that.
7	@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHampton, congrats!! Hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend
7	ugh i need a job but no one is hiring
7	oh my gosh  this is the hardest decision of my life! who do i chose? Jonas or Green Day,ugh
7	I ran out of white and yellow oil paint   I may have to add &quot;Utrecht run&quot; to my list.
7	Its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on...
7	walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains
7	@Beadz2Pleaz I think I might get some of that today.  My throat is killing me! It feels like it's in my lungs
7	@itsjustgoldie Why are you insulting me? What did I do to you?
7	Can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler.
7	3 tweeets {:    FGS tweekdeckkk hates me  -cryyyy
7	Poor Lil J-Man has a fever. I can't wait to go home and hold the little man!
7	I fat-fingered the Coke machine, so I am drinking a Diet Pepsi instead of a Diet Dr. Pepper.   I wish the machine used error correction!
7	Done with the Missourian for the day. No call back from Sturtz...
7	SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick, including me...
7	@H0TCOMMODITY thanks, u 2!!! Idk if Im going or not... I don't feel like getting all dress up and doing my hair!!!  LOL
7	awwww bless her  she needs another chance.
7	My beautiful lil cousin @SjFindlator is going to prom today...SAD  I can't be there..but I know shes gonna look BEAUTIFUL as always...
7	@ArsenalSarah she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing
7	Stupid sun i  actually have to work now
7	Now Im crying....  Poor thing..
7	Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico...
7	@brenna_boo jealous  can you add 'and I really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?
7	@zanzoon omg!! I saw something about a flood in your area on the news... be careful zaina
7	aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad
7	@dylanxtra my fly? but but but he was driving me insane  aw you made me feel bad now
7	Aww Holly Steel ... Dont cry
7	@sheagunther Damn, I'd be interested in working with Care2, but I don't live in SF anymore
7	@shoesandbooks Lucky you I have to wear a name tag  I feel like x-mass tree when I work Tag, Keys cliped on belt and ad's aroud my neck
7	@rocked nope i have a fifth generation ipod classic  it likes to be dumb
7	@djgraham I think @darkmonkey has found it (http://bit.ly/3pj876 , but I can't play it
7	Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx
7	is sick, a congested forehead (its possible) and chest. Achy eyes and back, all I wanna do is sleep the weekend away!
7	@MorningToast Once James Cameron touches something and revolutionizes it... someone else comes along and fucks it up
7	anyone have a verizon fone i can borrow for the mean time while i get my replacement?
7	Trying to figure out how to personalize my downloaded Wordpress blog!  Not as easy as I was hoping   Any suggestions?
7	i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh
7	@datachick That version is not compatible with Vista.
7	Yikes. That poor girl on BGT. That was quite hard to watch
7	Cramps . . .
7	First Natalie and now little Holly. This is mean
7	aww i feel so bad for Holly
7	why is everyones tweets about britains got talent?! i feel left out
7	@mitchelmusso  i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code
7	Somehow I have yet to accomplish a fucking thing.
7	Wait... @DamonAndrew and @Uchenna3... Electrik Red or Richgirl?  I'm a sucker for the later
7	@JEFFHARDYBRAND  Aww bless hope the phones okayy  x x
7	@Soph_Ichigo She tried to carry on aswell, bless, I suppose maybe that's why kids shouldn't be in it?
7	just because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that !
7	@Trickiliz13 ohhh baby!!! PDGG! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa
7	shit got to go do the grocery.. I almost got no more food  snif snif...
7	Awww that poor little girl on BGT
7	@gfalcone601 I know right  Poorpoor girl! It shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -
7	@icklewabbit OMG you aren't online. Shock horror.
7	@shtoofi  i know the feeling, working so much sucks hardcore. we need to hang out soon
7	Can't paint anymore because of the light
7	@MandyPandy32  awww for me I just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset
7	wtf happened? i have no feed
7	Omg ! BGT making me cry  . That wee girl  it's soo sad.
7	@beingnobody aww that is sad
7	#BGT Quite an awkward moment, poor girl  I hope she doesn't loose it again.
7	My last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad
7	@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry, that's really sucky.
7	@casgetta what's wrong?
7	Brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...I feel sad and sick, I'm afraid he's been eaten by something.    It doesn't look  good
7	getting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work!
7	@kaydub I am using iMovie 08 and it's still not bad. I am afraid to hear what is wrong with 09
7	@Slayer_89 I feel so sorry for her  hope she dnt cry 2nd time
7	@redbloc whats twhirl? I've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so I'm probably going to miss it red, sorry
7	@YAphilJ phil! I miss you gracin ya with your presence I haven't been on much  what's new?
7	@nikkeekristen Yeah, it says that at the bottom  21+, and must be available to live there from Aug 19th to nov 2nd, roughly.
7	@eBlondie I know...heartless souls
7	@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
7	Work in that heat is horrible !
7	@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south.
7	Waiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier
7	Being unable to have booze on a Friday, indeed the entire weekend, actually hurts
7	stressed beyond BELIEF. need a nap
7	@davidcrow @cspin and I suppose, until we have more bike lanes, the roads aren't safe enough to pull your kids in bike buggies/trailers
7	awww poor little girl on britains got talent
7	Left poor fred!(boyfriend) in the alice in wonderland ride !  oops sorry fred! Argh!
7	@hollie__ Aww bless her. She's one of my faves
7	@Nahtuhlee Why no sn... o. yeah... Sad day.....
7	too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick
7	sees the finish line disappearing in a plethora of emails!!!    WAH!
7	@xxAnnaSxx oh I'm sorry for that. how old was your grandpa?
7	@gfalcone that made me cry  poor hollie xx
7	#BGT That poor kid
7	@KittyBuffieKat I know Buffie. I am sitting in my office instead of going to see Ms. Kane. Major bummer
7	&quot;I think you should know this. He's going to break up with you. And I just had to tell you. I'm sorry. I know you love him.&quot;
7	I need a new iPhone case but I am broke.
7	is sad his wife is in Florida while he's sick in Lexington...
7	@laurenosaur I would love to but sadly I have to work
7	@starfish1211 - what! That's so horrible! I'll be praying. Poor thing.
7	no phone  i knew i should've charged it last night. SIGH
7	@mitchelmusso  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!xx
7	stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:
7	@robertpwilkins i should have left them alone. now they hurt  so no run and adter i fianly had a shower and washed the paint off ...
7	So off work about to do what I don't know I'm exhausted
7	wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm
7	@mattchung I GOT IT! i hope i get off of work in time for UP   want my job?
7	@wonky73 I'm just too busy these days to twitter or blog
7	Bad day  The day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life...
7	Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website
7	i can't find my tennis racket!!
7	so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go
7	I will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second.
7	@suzziequeue  Yes thanks, its been great. Soooooo not looking forward to Monday
7	four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo.
7	Helping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up
7	@justkappa hey there hunny! I have missed you. No calls..or emails...
7	- thats my hair guys. oh dip i gotta go!  on-ee two minits leff . . .
7	@justinobey I forgot that was tonight! Was planning on heading down to the Cask, that might not be such a good idea
7	@AngySTHB  Its not funny. The bump's not going away.
7	@jmelencholy I'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!
7	grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner
7	Omg, watching Hollie Steel's crying is so so painful  #bgt
7	Arghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these TwitterBones peeps
7	hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you
7	@whatabout_ken that sucks  If only I was there to hang out.
7	@Kate_Butler I think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt
7	@noisemaker_ aww thats too bad you lost it though
7	This is how much hair falls off everytime I shower. It's more sad than disgusting  http://yfrog.com/6p190aj
7	@sherryaperez  aww mamas... I hope all is well. Get some rest beautiful! Muah! Holla.
7	sure miss Chick, tho...may he RIP!
7	@mishacollins Yes it does. Please dont' go. If you die I will cry.. which normally leads to small animals getting harmed
7	i am not feeling well so i am going to sleep now
7	Just broke her dresser shes had since she was three
7	Josette....where are you??   I looked across the pond, but you are nowhere to be found.
7	Feeling tempted by high volume of jeeps to start an &quot;acura wave&quot;. Me too!
7	Brought cat to specilist. May be ectopic uritors. Doing ultrasound. Surgury would be &gt;$2000. may need to take him back to humane society
7	@MandyPandy32 I hope for her sake she does could it could get worse
7	once again i've spend the day studying. SO BORED of studying but i still have 3 chapters to go
7	I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME
7	Ow. Sunburn hurts!
7	Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do.
7	@XO_SUFI_XO yeah and when you are not working at paying jobs(volunteer/intern) the $ tends to disappear rather quickly...gotta slow down
7	I have a stupid headache on my day off.
7	@Aerinea ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?
7	sorry @tayfo, i chili cheese dogged without you
7	I think i pinched something in my neck.
7	i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising
7	only an hour left with my iPod touch
7	My tattoo is ticklish
7	@jessmitch fml...i have a good idea. we steal phil back and give my dumbass cousin those cats. jk. i'd feel bad
7	being bored at home! Tomorrow i've got to work all day!
7	@TheEllenShow but i went out and bought some nail polish ellen
7	sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad
7	Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls.
7	so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios.
7	Watching WALL-E.....it's so cute but sad
7	I scratched my iPod
7	@angisori It's not a reg gig yet, but hopefully it will be! Haven't done massage in a while actually
7	AND I didn't get the job
7	hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!
7	@qcmartinez it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain
7	watching britains got talent, poor holly
7	@michellecpa  ugh headache   i just wanna go home
7	@Silkglove thats bad your been forced to watch that  there must be a helpline you can call ?  we are both good thanx he's asleep
7	@RealJessicaAlba Aw what about me
7	Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right now, because I'm procrastinating again! XD
7	I don't feel good.  .My throat hurts!!!!
7	@CroSimpleMinds Only Tao in the summer?? That is not many
7	http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest.
7	So tired and I have work at 5pm  #fb
7	@kennethlim working on a logo &amp; I keep getting click happy  Its me, not photoshop I dont they have a &quot;stupid stop clickin&quot; in ps do they?
7	false alarm on the house
7	i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated
7	Gutted. The kitchen is empty literally EMPTY. No even kidding. I'm so hungry
7	I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap
7	&quot;Stop your twittering&quot; - Maryland cookies #bgt
7	@rosieeejones i agree with the whole Hollie thing
7	Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean!
7	would like to have a gaming system
7	ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today.
7	But I have cause I missed a lot of classes
7	still having a hangover
7	shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell ON A BAR in speech today. i felt so bad for him
7	going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off
7	What happened with her??? Why is she being so wierd all of a sudden???
7	i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml.
7	Oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in Sep. to go to Austira, and just wrap a vacation into it as well lmao
7	@Chris_Gorham aww, what a shame  ........you can still #followfriday them though, no? &gt;.&gt;
7	Day 26 is in town. Wish I could catch the show, but I already have plans. Go figure!
7	I couldn't find P4 so I couldn't show Brantley my feet  and now its raining
7	enjoying my couch for the last time
7	The city officially smells like dead fish
7	@candicotton not so good
7	http://bit.ly/61Aam   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn't save them!
7	@Maliceve yeah mine is stubborn too.  you just gotta keep trying until it does, no way around it
7	@smaknews sorry about that anna wintour repeated tweets!! sooo sorry  somethings up... | was wondering abt the quad tweet ;)
7	The Rain Makes Me Sad. Its Like I Want To Kill myself,&lt;-
7	I think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not.
7	So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone
7	Hmmmm where is everyone my house is empty.  am all alone.
7	@fresnorock where's the love?
7	Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.
7	@BrennaRE Oh yes..i think almost every Tuesday in June. Which dresss, I just bought one, then felt guilty and took it back
7	I dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt
7	@damohopo no not proper, my dog barks too much &amp; jumps up &amp; its all my fault for not being strict enough
7	all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular
7	camping this weekend. boo   i dont get any signal out there...its torture
7	Last official WVBR DJ shift EVER! Sad Day   Listen online at wvbr.com.
7	What to do this weekend, what to do. Don't think I'll be making it to Michigan for The Wonder Years.
7	@Bensue aww at when she was cryin tho...i want her to get thru...i feel sorry for her  shes so good tho.
7	STOMACH ACHE!!! Ahhhhhh
7	I'm in dire need of a second job, if you hear of anything in nightlife or food service please please please think of me
7	@ajandtjsmommy im sorry
7	Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much...
7	@Beadinpath Hi Heather. I dont know why... but I just saw your messages from April!! Have not been very twitter friendly...
7	I want Dec to be my dad
7	@cecinievas omgggggggggg, cant belive it! what had happened to it friend? do you know where did you missed it? thats not nice!!
7	I also concede to my first Twitter grammar fail.
7	I feel slightly sick now  #BGT
7	has applied for OSAP yet again- God, I'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!!
7	euhm i'm french and i don't really understand English . poo..
7	@adam_griffiths Oh, maybe she will cope then! Now people are definitely going to vote for her
7	odd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work....
7	New crisis, my bag is too eavy for my DoE
7	my deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be
7	But now talking about today, Oh my GODNESS! Problems, problems, problems. about love, money, math, parents........tha't enough, isn't it?
7	@spizer that's what it is in mathematica. I just meant that I automatically hit the button twice now.
7	My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?
7	What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
7	At work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for PLM World... sigh
7	Taking 40 underpriveledged kids to the circus 2moro. BIG day planned &amp; I still aint feeling 100%  so nervous right now..
7	@jeayese Plus you guys have IceTV, which I REALLY miss from living there.
7	@Itsjustme_Nicki Sorry....I have to go.
7	Does anyone know how to scale a pic down I'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n I keep cropping them...HELP
7	road test booked. i r scared
7	@cashstwit Maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working
7	@isacullen Oh, that one. That explains so much now. Poor girl.
7	unlucky pants    today: lemonade, earlier: white russian in the middle of the dance floor
7	ashley tisdale , i mean . cuz shes in berlin on 6th june and i'm not gonna be there . i wanna start cryin right now :/ ashley pick me up
7	I need to go to ATL, mainly just to go to Ikea.  The stuff I want isn't available online.
7	@andybarr I was going to but I'm stuck with it as I seem to have misplaced my remote  It's extra bad tonight as well :|
7	@KJB6609 Momentum works!  But Jeff will have a hard time from 42nd.
7	Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. Lots of fun.  I had other plans for my morning
7	@chelseasms it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but I know it's there and now my iPod isn't perfect
7	Anyone want to stop by Carl's Jr and bring me a chicken club?  Can barely walk...
7	I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall.
7	@Jayo240 I don't know how to use this
7	Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol
7	where's my new @NylonMag
7	@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between June 11 - 28 or I'd die
7	@stackmack I wish I couldn't wrap my head around it  Hopefully it'll wake up some people that say/think &quot;racism doesn't exist anymore&quot;
7	@Annnnnaaaaa lol, I've just realised that i've been sending messages that were meant to be to you, to a page that doesn't exist
7	OMG..5 days till 1st state exam!
7	@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance
7	@steve_merchant I agree, but teenage daughter will be spending my money on the movie of their concert this week.
7	Shelf from Ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. Or at least thats my estimate.
7	@evienyc: Aww, that sux!  @Sitatara_x3: Eeek for Airline charges!!! (X_X)
7	Need to dye my hair, can see a slight hint of ginger
7	my stomach is bleh!
7	@AnKuAlGa  get well soon!
7	Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time
7	That's exactly why I prefer to give money and play outside the house. Stupid Internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow
7	@xLaau Laura elle s'en fou elle don't like the french fans
7	Every time it rains, I see at least 1 ambulance
7	Headache, . . . sad cupcake
7	Its so hard letting her go and seeing her cry.
7	This is not a happy tweet
7	@itsthegrape ROFL  Even if I kept insurance and payments under $300, Im still like.. meh. Good thing I applied for a day job pasy $2888mo
7	@ddlovato where are ya headin to for your family vaca? i hope the paparazzi leave you alone
7	Man i cant belive that you did what you did? Everything does not look as good as it is..
7	watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing
7	someone take care of me, im so sick
7	Santana - Maria Maria (The Wraith)  ? http://blip.fm/~7a10a
7	Sick daddy  send prayer his way
7	@mleshock Noooo! Poor SE
7	@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away
7	Jay Leno's LAST NIGHT..Jay, you will be missed
7	@Wheeeeeeeeler  lol awhhk wats da chances holly gets through den?
7	@Senfaye Me too. I found out about it a little late and couldn't afford it
7	@FTSKirstin i know he cant be, but idk how long he will be gone. what if he forgets me?  idk im stupid for worring.
7	It's hot.  I could turn on the A/C, but I'm trying to be green for as long as I can stand it   Right now I'm just a little red and shiny.
7	@simplyvannesa heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk..
7	@isaacnow didn't know you were on twitter! Coming to the show tomorrow?? Lorraine can't make it
7	So sad you didn't day Hello to me  @Jonasbrothers
7	@tutugirl1345 you could say that. I left it in VT and have been Blackberryless since Tuesday Night. I'm lost
7	@bmoney389 Lmao, when I was camping, the water in the shower was well water and just smelt nasty
7	awww i've lost a follower i fail
7	@JessikaSay awwwh - i'm sorry  i hope you fell better - watch a film ?
7	Ohhhhh Barcalona. Please dont ruin this  #bgt
7	@improperhostess what!!!????  where are u guys going!?
7	@EmeraldAshlee yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  @CHANiCEDEVONNE!
7	my monitor won't turn on. This can only be the work of my mother.
7	@gingeebee  sounds horrid, sending you one of @buddythepug's special #pughugs, look after yourself, lots of cuddles and treats!
7	@LimeIce  I dint dump anyone. It's always me who gets dumped and blamed. That's why I don't believe in relationships. #twpp
7	@BrandyWandLover won't be able to manage 3 nights babe, have lil ones depending on me here!!  xxx
7	#BGT  ooooh tooo weird for me
7	Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any here, and I've only found this http://tiny.cc/vynk5 online.  Ugly.
7	Burned my pinky.  great way to start my weekend thats gonna suck anyway.
7	I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg..
7	@morlhon  that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the JVM. Too bad!
7	At tweetup loc, but don't recognize anyone  am outside in turquoise shirt. Please see me! #g4c09
7	just got home...I was @ work to get the key 4 tomorrows douple shift
7	@gronumbulator yeah, just realized what the whole notification thing was. Thought it was them notifying me, not me spamming my followers.
7	Ohhh me, i am rather bored. How can a friday night be soo boring!
7	cramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away
7	Too much food at today's company gill out, want to go home and lay in the sun. Instead here until dark, probably
7	http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol.
7	@ohayemily you okay bby?
7	@DaveDinsmore miss u guys,terribly!! no Todd yet    he is a busy boy  maybe tomorrow night!
7	@ausaudriel Well I asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back Saturday or something
7	@Puertorok57 n'dito  I messed up your name, sorry hon ;)
7	Ugh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed
7	@DeliverImHungry You are right.  If you ordered a static IP it should have been set up.  I apologize if it was not
7	Having a boo-hoo day. Things just suck today
7	He's shy...............but it's cute ily. but you don't see it or know it &lt;3
7	@ashleytisdale: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on TV cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo
7	I'm terrified about the surgery next week
7	@GettingFreedom @AmysFinerThings We don't feel too comfortable using it. It's not awful, but pretty icky.  Scurrying to find a deal...
7	I don't think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz I know I will wake up sick.
7	Answering detailed questions via Twitter can be very difficult. It's a challange to get everything in to less than 140 charactres
7	@MATTHARDYBRAND What is everyone saying about the supposed nude pics of Matt Striker? Hope he doesn''t get in trouble
7	@Skedaddles that is very true..
7	Watching Jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  Jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  This will cheer him up though!
7	graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class
7	@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . .
7	had to pause tv, now i'm 10 minutes behind on BGT
7	I miss @digital_dragon and @motoash  I wish they'd talk to me more often
7	@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore
7	I quite fancy Gregg on #bgt. Singing wasn't as good as his audition though, sadly
7	@Willie_Day26 awww man, its nott
7	Headache
7	@chelseytx I don't have the app that does it
7	Oh no!!!!! It's raining on our Sea World parade  http://yfrog.com/0wvnpj
7	@shanedawson YOU SHOULD TOUR!! *lol* I live all the way out in Tennessee! :-P jk. How would you do that?
7	is very angrrry! my FB account just got deleted- WTF??? all my poems I have ever written are on there
7	my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  xx
7	One of our favorite homebuilders declared bankruptcy. McStain homes out of Louisville is closing down. http://bit.ly/c9iJr
7	@lizzerdrix The stuff I got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. It didn't help.
7	i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already!
7	@MissBernardo i'll do whatev but i dont have anything to wear
7	Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move
7	@jingruz you can have the sun too. It all sucks, especially for my pale whiteman skin.  @mfnbpwnz I can't stop sneezing, and I blame you.
7	Extremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!
7	Oh.... great.  I think I'm getting sick.
7	No @clairabellejp tonight @skc0602
7	Poor balcony sealer guy. Stuck in the rain.   http://mypict.me/20Oh
7	@PoyntlasLove it was  i dont think i can look at her now without feeling heartbroken lmao x.
7	@Mangowe You're welcome, I am off for some merry noddingtons myself soon. It's not even dark!
7	we dropped the baton in the 4x1.  so now i'm getting ready for the open 400. wish me luck!
7	no boby will not talk 2 me
7	@WESH  That is really sad
7	Or maybe its just us ....
7	@ChewwyUwe http://twitpic.com/66st1 - please let me freee... I can't watch you masturbate for much loongerrr!
7	@mayankdhingra yeah... i guess my password was also changed... i was not able to login my FB  cahnge my pw again ...ufff
7	Too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members
7	I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
7	I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha
7	; Another friday night cancel.  probably movies with just Ashley.
7	This heartburn may be the death of me.
7	@ego_assassin @slinka sucks about your cat... hope you guys feel better
7	Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not
7	@neoknits -- That's got to be hard. My parents have been apart most of their marriage  For 6 months this year t &amp;I will be 10K mi apart
7	Ugh. I have a migrane
7	Whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in Santa Clara. I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting
7	My Head Feels Like It's Going To Explode
7	Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!
7	I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st
7	@agentrickard Oh no!
7	Need to get an adjustment, neck is all out of whack
7	@Kyle_B_Judah i am too old for Vegas
7	am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams
7	can't find her favorite Nike shorts
7	Why is it hot in herrrre all of a sudden?
7	@ursusfidelis sry about tweeting so much
7	But anywho, I just got in and out of the pool within like 30 minutes because it's about to start storming
7	@PinkyNKOTB Oh I've got that one &amp; the stp x step one on VHS. Tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to DVD but didnt work
7	put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good
7	Ouuchh! I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh
7	Really struggling with my packaging design
7	I'm really full and I feel sick
7	I keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  Not good!  Not good!    T-minus 15 minutes till release........
7	@BrittanyASnow LOL YOU ALWAYS FORGET ME
7	@JustPlainMeg im sorry  i wish that i was there instead (it would give you a good excuse to get away from him) hehe...i love you &lt;3
7	this is sooo crazy i have fever..
7	Its going to be a very long weekend. Very long.
7	@rvca i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss
7	...getting our site transferred over to a new server ... this is going to be quite a job
7	Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair
7	Guess I should have called  See ya.
7	@kwwheeler  What's all your fault?
7	@gillianre no they didn't!
7	@ebassman Right here! Army Wife in Germany! I can't STAND that I cannot be there this summer!
7	@beley It's so not like me  I'm in the middle of coordinating a 3-point move: stuff from IL --&gt; old NYC apt + all stuff --&gt; new apt.
7	I'm being a lazy bum..boo for jack he always works on fridays
7	@gregverdino I can't believe you tweeted that. It was our special moment
7	rushing to sitter to pick up my 103F-fevered preschooler
7	I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?
7	@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. All those unfun places
7	@TimothyTheron hmm sorry, I went mia there
7	@3spur I work at Schneider Electric, but not much longer. They are sending our jobs to Mexico
7	@ChuckGysi  oh sorry - I misunderstood. I'm not 100% sure but I'm thinking there isn't
7	ouch, my back. I'm sick of having a pamela anderson esque chest
7	Now standing because my tailbone is killing me
7	So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied.
7	does not want to go to sixth period.
7	deff workin this weekened
7	@ChantelleDaily sold out in 6 stores, i don't think so
7	Just finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!!
7	@MegsEggs i know its such a shame  i think they've got a good chance &amp; i hope they do coz they are different aren't they &amp; great :]!
7	I'm all scared and bruised.
7	Medicine Man Oh Medicine Man where for Art thou? FEELiN.... FAiNt... can't....go .....On (lyin on floor)  `````````
7	Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!
7	@misspache  Ya, it was pretty bad. Not sure when I will get to go visit. We have been super busy lately.
7	head hurts and I feel sick  and I have to go to work tomorrow
7	@OhBlee awww, that sucks  But they're so awesome when you get one, all squeeky and happy. I only have one left now though
7	@nicola_prigg pah - she isn't ready for it poor little mite
7	@HaleyFaye  Why?
7	#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection?
7	@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that.
7	WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now.
7	ummmm i have no idea what im doing but my friend is pissed off at me now and i dont know why she hates me so much I NEED HELP BRITNEY plz
7	has a good heart... or so says the doctor. Except that the doctor won't be in until Tuesday afternoon to put that in writing....
7	@MightyJunebugg nooo... as a font connoisseur i can totally relate dude, my heart goes out to you
7	@HoptonHouseBnB I know - no probs. The driving bit always gets to me this time of the ac. year  Which bit of sea are you going to? Aber?
7	@FreyaLynn it's too friggin late now.
7	Almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. Time couldn't go by any slower.
7	at the direct selection tool who is being stubborn and not working for me today.
7	R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck
7	i got stung. by a bee.
7	A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. Have to write responses to EOI; doing a colleagues job
7	i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
7	AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad Kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in
7	@adrenalynntoao I've been readin your last few twitts. I hope your ok
7	@rolandsmartin Awe Man, I hope someone turns it in
7	@ausaudriel no money atm, plus I did that trial so I don't know if it would let me play without buying that new exp
7	On runway 2 hours
7	#bgt It's a shame that the Dreambears won't get through
7	just took my best friend of 13 years, How well you know Katie Outzen quiz and failed, how does that happen? its just so sad!
7	Noooooo worst news ever today my tattoo artist is moving omg what am I going to do!?!?!?!?
7	@thisisryanross I won't leave you alone until you accept my appology
7	@natalidelconte I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could
7	@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night
7	How to get a $40 trumpet book - get caught in the rain with an $80 trumpet book ... oh dear  NY
7	@kiteman1 yeah unfortuantley  Sam hanks crap bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr
7	@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were...
7	wants to go back to charleston
7	@Doodlebug18 I'm sorry darling  anything I can do?
7	My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said, &quot;Papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy&quot;, somehow I doubt it helped
7	@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ...
7	@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancerfree
7	@canadian_diva yeah I know! other than youtube rip I don't know how to keep it.
7	i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little..
7	@melodykid ahhh i cant go then! i could've gone at like 1
7	just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol
7	@vicenzo2009 No star replies to me
7	Someone just sent me a random phone pic of Asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/Chinese restaurants), and I don't know who
7	@thepresidentJx3 should I still come? Its gonna be a while
7	Never got round to buying the ice creams in work- took a call from my lawyer which knocked me off kilter
7	Guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. I'm so sad I miss my friends
7	@mleis hence Jew on Jew. Not pretty. I'm sorry
7	Dead gerbil
7	I am so tired!
7	&quot;And now my mom and her friend are drinking.. Greatt..&quot;
7	@Need4Sheed_com Ohhh got it. It's the 8830 I think  I miss the Pistons  I really hope Joe D cooks up something big!
7	frame damage... car could be totalled
7	My logic to getting a short prom dress? Last year it was so freaking hot I was dying... Look at the weather...  hahah just my luck
7	Had a totally chilled out day relaxing in the garden in the lovely weather. Shame I have to go to work tomorrow
7	@Mwissa Really? Can you send it to me too? I don't get the internal emails.
7	Traffic is horrific on 695..I jus wanna gt my dog
7	@pixonu its ok mate I stayed in as well  losers aren't we
7	@mfhorne why go winchester when my sister doesnt go there any more!   bad times.. x
7	Club day at school &amp; I can't go b/c I hurt myself during school by trippin over some1's backpack.
7	@PinkyNKOTB  lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!!
7	@sarahstanley I shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it...
7	@cartermason bummer, bro, sorry to hear that
7	Just tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?
7	@LaurenConrad when I tried to go to her's I got this message &quot;That page doesn't exist! &quot;
7	@love_primaDONNA lucky.. where do you live? im in vegas and it never rains here...
7	i hate going to work.
7	Being attacked with cola..... all sticky
7	Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates.
7	@PerezHilton  that's sad. Trauma... Future serial killer...
7	Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheap, but fucking shit I still have class with how I roll
7	my eyes hurts..
7	@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time.
7	@Shar_Music I was not hugged
7	two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! Come on people, sell us your house!!!!!!!!!!! #Parker #Colorado
7	@mileycyrus I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
7	My wedding next Thursday and I'm ill
7	does want a lot of things right now  and i cant have them-yet.
7	@Jennifalconer I don't know if I can bear to watch Hollie tommorrow night,it's a bit hard to take seeing the state she gets herself into
7	being re-admitted, at this stage for a three-night minimum with a hopeful tuesday discharge
7	Nvm, not working period
7	@laurawrholmez  I know! they were running out though, Soph had to get a massive one...
7	wondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere
7	Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black
7	@DanfromAston I have heard that about a lot of programs like that, we go to a large chain of learning centers, sorry for you!
7	@theloudninja Not by choice.  I have to use it for that one project that never ends!
7	I am trying to upload my background from twitbacks. its not working
7	@KelleyLCarter: Yeah, I fell asleep  I'm sorry. No way in the world I was waking up @ 7am lol. I had to work @ 9am.
7	@msfeather24 You're the one getting married on me
7	Why does my boss have to come in today.....
7	@thatlass as much as i love to be hopeful, i reckon the chances are minimal =P i'm never gonna get my cake and stuff
7	my pic didn't work
7	@BitchNotAPerson I can understand the fear. I feel that way about many things. You really need motivation to overcome it. Mine was guilt
7	Hey every1! Do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. I wanna go back in time :] Ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound
7	GREG NOOOOO DON@T LEAVE ME  U SHUD HAVE GONE THROOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don't worry lol  cry cry cry
7	@beherenw lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww
7	@RyanSeacrest that was such a tease!  I cant wait til Sunday!!  but then after that, nothing until November   oh well, i can wait!
7	@jr_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done
7	Just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  Had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money.
7	Ok the thunder is scaring me
7	Was late today, due to construction!!!      tGif...
7	Placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!
7	@fishkutta omg kool. I'm not on the road
7	@KaseyTheGreat I submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back. Oh well...
7	@SEXONWHEELS  thats it, rub it in that ur seeing morrissey! il just go and cry in the corner  x
7	Nnnnoooooo!!!! Just learned we've got a frost warning for tonight!
7	Under sooooo much stress lately
7	Gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain
7	@sand67 so sad...sorry to hear that.  She was a sweet dog.
7	My Sharpie is running DANGERously low on ink
7	@problogger I know, the suns not even up and ive been up for an hr. Tossa decided to sleep ON my side and cold nose me.
7	@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now.
7	Poor little Holly will be up all night preparing her act for tomorrow
7	@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all
7	@ricanitaliana89 u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u
7	Hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  That'll teach me!
7	is sick and it doesn't seem like i'm getting better
7	@misst7 yes, actually, I am. When I'm home, moms does the laundry &amp; I do the babysitting. She broke something that didn't need 2 b fixed
7	@DonnieWahlberg Mr. Ddub how bout' announcing a new date for the NC shows? please don't leave us out. i got my refund 2day for 5*
7	@ProudKiwi missed you by 10 min, haha. went to sleep at 15 past, but had a major anxiety attack around 630 again. ugh.  boo
7	OMG I'VE JUST SEEN WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLLIE! POOR ICKLE ONE
7	man, i ain't been without V's presence in a minute...i feel like a lil kid with no momma
7	wishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it back, but he thinks i'll cut with it..... http://plurk.com/p/x2qkb
7	http://twitpic.com/67i90 - My plans have been ruined
7	great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain
7	I hate life at the mo, it sucks
7	@chante4dannyxxx Nope probably revision  Hbu? x
7	Husband Went off to bed, now off to missing him again until he is off again Tuesday
7	@simonruggles I would much rather you didn't punch yourself in the face...it might hurt
7	@prd3000 Also, I am technologically challenged and have a cell phone that only makes phone calls.  Can't #tweetb4Ueat
7	Computer is packed away. There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box.
7	@itstayloryall you didnt include Taylor in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot;
7	Phoneless for the next couple of hours. No one to blame but myself.
7	@AndreaaaB ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake
7	I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again
7	My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle
7	is a lil sad bc I wont be able toeat a hot dog and Big Kahuna cookie sandwich at the Ranger game tonight!
7	@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
7	i have a headache
7	Heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? Please help
7	soreeeee throattttttt
7	im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
7	Dad asked me why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger
7	@ceramicheart gonna go home and TRY to take a nap. I am emotionally exhausted   ... I will be in after.. &lt;3
7	I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks
7	@donotrefreeze THAT'S A SHAME REALLY
7	@Fortyisthenew20 i was stupid and didnt get it, now i cant find it.  i think i have to do ebay but that scares me
7	@donnyosmond Were getting old Donny. I got one starting high school next yr and one going into the 7th. Where have the years gone?!
7	Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness
7	Omg, my mom just called... Im too late... Hes gone
7	@g4tv Batman: Arkham Asylum, but I don't own a system that will play it, sadness
7	@avstansfield omg i had a meltdown when he died/actually died in real life  av got the box sets!
7	@callmaggie After I water the plants I am headed to the farm. Don't have any popcorn for the goats   Katnip is looking good under saddle
7	slightly burnt challah  The proof is in the eatin', though...
7	Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu
7	My dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today.
7	@karate_Kid congrats; im still jobless
7	@loveeamber @item84jeremy it sucks no matter where you are! I'm gonna freakin be late for work!
7	@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
7	@Impala_Guy Yeah unfortunately  The flight is most expensive.....the rest is not so bad - the flight is ca. USD 800 - 900,--
7	@MamaKimi  hope he is ok!
7	LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen
7	Moses and his girlfriend broke up!
7	@MissTinaYao yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last night
7	Feeling awful, new medication is making me nauseous
7	@BBBaumgartner  sad day. I was lucky enough to realize it before I got out of the parking lot.
7	Sad that Gmail chat has died, so I can't help @natalidelconte
7	@BrandonJhon something we all need sometime
7	i don't feeeel good. :/ my head hurts. and i have too much homework to do.  schools no fun. :p hehe
7	Anyone have some advice??? I need it!!
7	@Japes_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us
7	@flyersonthefly http://twitpic.com/45r61 -  saddest thing i've seen a while
7	@x_crazyangel oh noooo, did he not get through?
7	Sorry if I'm confusing anyone. I keep forgetting to @reply. The desktop Twitterific  is not so terrific  Very different from iPhone app.
7	@maraslj I miss you already   come visit me pleeeeease
7	I just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue &amp; throat.
7	mail came, still no inFAMOUS
7	Darts and lunch at Horse Brass... but no beer for me  http://bmap.us/2134
7	@jonsedar I'm jealous. I have so let it slip what with the baby and all. Not sure I could even do a half right now
7	i cant sleep, i dont deserve this .... N you know it
7	OUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........that really hurt!!!
7	@sunleo727 I'll stop by for a bit when I'm off.  But have to rush to rehearsal - no quiet for me tonight.
7	@EidolonNight That's kinda sad. And they're poking me while they're at it. Huh.
7	@Amanda_Holden I must admit though, part of me didn't want her to get through so she wouldn't have to put herself through all that again.
7	@exorre Our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching
7	Wondering if i cld make things any worse than they already are... answer.. JUST DID!!!
7	after 5pm and no email. looks like i'll be waiting at least until monday. boo.
7	just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday
7	Been job hunting for days. Media and non-media jobs. No lucky  Anyone know of anything???
7	@LezmirandaPOW *humming* hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm Touched for the verry first time..... Hmmmm hmmmm hmmm hmm hmm mmm mmmmm ......
7	I really should be doing something more productive, why am I not there yet?
7	@beccaschlagen Oh no!  I hope you find your kitten
7	@McFrezco - whoa. &quot;sack chasing whores&quot; ? that is soo out of character for you to say that...  bring back my sweet Superman
7	@xScarlett_x How did your Geo ISU go? I swear I just had the worse day ever..
7	@chasingsunshine I'm sorry, but you wrote that on a blackberry which means you loose any respect i had for you
7	Waking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse.
7	Damnit Day 26 is at Northpark mall..I use to live near there  someone steal Mike for meeee!
7	I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!
7	no one wants a #VirtualKiss
7	Didn't get chance to pick up my copy of Guitar Hero: Metallic yet
7	Yesterday I didn't do much because I was just lazy, but today I don't feel so good.
7	Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone!
7	@asco will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  The poster discussants are going so fast I can't write fast enough
7	I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening.
7	@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!
7	My boyfriend just broke his wrist, now he might need surgery  im so nervous
7	@scottisafool  I had a analog tuner the MC team gave me few years ago. No inbox drivers, but WU handled it. WU drivers were pulled in Jan
7	I need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy?
7	Omg, little kids with cancer is the saddest thing ever
7	@mileycyrus i thought i was your best friend
7	FATTY! omg i just found the worst shit out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.  its badd
7	@ChrisGBaillie aaaawwww wont yr brother blip things for you  LOL
7	OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways
7	@jamieaiken919 *JEALOUS* I desperately wanna go shopping, but alas, I have no cash.
7	@juliestrialtrib so sorry to hear that
7	I don't remember the last movie I saw in the theatre, and that makes me really sad
7	@Carolz_S I know McFly gonna be in Brazil  Say them hello!!!...I wanna be there
7	@xXSam_01Xx   dont leave us !!! whats up ? xxx
7	@garycford I gotta say, I feel bad for everyone in NKorea.  They're starving, and they have a crazy in charge who endangers them daily.
7	I want to change my twitter name but I can't think of anything
7	Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk
7	I hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  Back in the studio, maybe if we're lucky we might get 2 songs done 2day!
7	@PotFace sorry i didnt reply earlier  i feel better now.
7	sighs. where's my candy
7	i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
7	Awe i feel so left out
7	I am sad today
7	@annief1 had a panic with the car .....
7	history project
7	@markhoppus aww mark  that makes me sad I got mine on presale.
7	Happy its the weekend...LOVE has knocked me down ya'll!!!
7	ug i think i blew my phone interview  i like them!
7	what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun
7	has finally got some Zyrtec for this terrible allergy attack.    I hope it doesn't put me to sleep before the game comes on tonight.
7	@cyrusbaby I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
7	Not looking forward to the upcoming week...My better half will be gone all that time! It's TRULY GONNA SUCK BIG TIME!
7	Didn't realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I'm stick in the exit traffic
7	srsly, BGT, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early
7	My foot still hurts from stepping on a spider...owwwwww
7	@SEGA small? we cant choose?
7	So jealous im not at asylum right now
7	Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game!
7	@Ponyless soz i neva saw this message till now...if u add then delete me i cant see any messages uve left on my page
7	No more spending the day chatting with Steve on the computer   Now what I am I going to do at work?
7	OPS sorry  Queen Mom
7	http://twitpic.com/67jzp McFly concerts through the years [H]... Don't have my '06 one though  :/
7	@AmBamThankYaMam so i spoke too soon.... &amp; my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it
7	gear troubles all day long!
7	@Shamoneyy I wish my mouth wud lemme chew all tht.. Pause...I def wud love some of that..
7	the tummy monster hates me
7	wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now
7	needs a new job either closer to home or worth the drive
7	i wonder if there is a life after Alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy
7	Work is an evil whore. That doesn't let me check my text messages
7	@JodiOKeefee what on earth happened to wentworth's page?!? i'm devastated, as i'm sure ALL of his fans are!
7	@mareyachristina haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! But it made me look gross
7	Just lost my internet signal  how will life go on
7	@willnoon I believe the address is 300 Ottawa Ave. NW, Grand Rapids, MI (Calder Plaza), wish I could've seen you guys last night or today
7	AP: North Korea could opt for devastating land assault... http://tinyurl.com/nmg9ht (via @Drudge_Report) Scary talk to say the least.  mm
7	@therealpickler hey kellie,how are u?I FEEL HORRIBLE!
7	AHHHHHHHH!I can't get miley to notice me......
7	i dont know what to do on my lame fridaay  maybe go out with my besties!!
7	To cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts.
7	@arsenal_fann coming up! Sowwy!
7	what an awkward day. it sucked
7	I am in so much pain I really don't feel too good. Couldn't eat my dinner
7	@astropix Yeah I just accepted UBC's offer last night, but I dunno if I'll still make it in because I've been slacking off a lot lately.
7	@mikki_kayla02 Sorry! I didn't mean to ruin the rest of your day
7	My big mistake for today is falling asleep while i got lots of things to do
7	@ShabbyGomer wish we could have surprised them and gone to H, but just couldn't work it out.
7	@Jonasbrothers @ddlovato you are disappointing me......
7	@HerMonkeyMan I don't think @JazzyHale22 will want to come back  (guys read your dms)
7	@JonnyRadtke i'll miss you when i go to future kill hannah shows
7	ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today
7	Is trying to recover from a broken heart....yet again for the 2nd or 3rd time
7	have a biiig headache.
7	I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes
7	I am pretty confused.. leaving is the best option and I know it will benefit me.. but I don't want to leave behind what I truely love
7	I wish my cats were indoor cats.
7	this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
7	late for @mobicamp  sick kid at home, hope she feels better later tonite
7	@MeccaDonna  well hit me and we can see...it depends then
7	The random article generator on Wikipedia led me to: http://bit.ly/EMtcw which I remember playing before. I never got past the 1st level
7	@riskybizness23 You never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt
7	plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. xx xx
7	Back from the gym! I'm no expert or anything, but I'm pretty sure I am not going to be able to move tomorrow, maybe even in a few hours!!
7	Last day at DMA over!     a million sad faces.
7	Going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends I haven't seen in forever! Too bad I can't eat the food
7	i am on BLAZE and my head hurts.
7	oh, not just his IMs, but also from all my friends who IM me! This really sucks, I am always not around!
7	@mileycyrus i thght i voted bt i dnt think it workd!  Whats the link 2 vote for u! Nobody deserves it more than u do. Ur so talented. I&lt;3U
7	don't feel good
7	@BananasMel Tried and no good but thanks anyway.   Off to youtube world.
7	I wanna feel my chin
7	had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on Monday for 2 hours!!!!!!!
7	is allergic to you...Oh NO!
7	My breath is weezy.  No more going to knotts when you've been sick all week.
7	I'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. Rwhats wrong with me
7	My back hurts...really bad
7	@MizSocialite it's 2 big I can't Use it 4 everday use
7	I have a headache. Also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. My lovely hair has been affected.
7	@receptiongal  hope your day gets better soon!!
7	Wtf i just found out that the 20th annual NJ state chili cookoff is tomorrow and im gonna miss it
7	@secretidcrisis Sorry to hear that, dude
7	@SnowVsAsphalt Not at the moment, well i cant find it yet!  LOL
7	It's not monsoon season in Telluride yet, so why does it keep raining everyday?!
7	@Bells83 Never been to the USA before  It would be great to the cruise/tour next year. Whatever it is its gonna be a blast
7	feeling like I'm gonna fall asleep any time now but I can't.
7	Problem with my must do list is: once I write it I usually forget where I've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list
7	@WeWantNEYOnVibe Knock You Down is playing now...again!!! Cna my day get any better?? I love it!! How r u? Missed u
7	@dcorsetto Ugh my trousers do that too and I've never found a way to combat it! It's so weird
7	@iamhuntersmith yep, probably will be... wish you had let me know you were interested... had extra corporate chalet tix and let them go
7	from seeing all my koreans buisnesses failing.
7	Hey @itsmskay sorry about your headahce
7	Class until 9:30  yes on a Friday night...
7	@tshirtterrorist no sign yet
7	Where did everyone go?? boo got no-one to twitter on to now  Wonder if I can con some innocent un-suspecting people into talking to me??
7	Trying to calm down kitten.  She is so rowdy.
7	needs to find SOMETHING to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything!
7	...And omg whats this dirty letter from Danny everyones been on about? Its absolutely none of my business but I still feel left out lol
7	lighters get lost in remastering the same way socks are lost in the dryer  ? http://blip.fm/~7a6ea
7	Nooooo! Its going to rain on my birthday
7	@LuvToSparkLe oh i hate it when that happens. i when i transfered universities i had a hell of a time transferring my credits! lost a few
7	is sad she is going to miss the Dream Team party... but i didnt RSVP in time.
7	@AYEJILLA &amp; @andrewEMT suck at trying to scare people but are good at killing naps.   http://myloc.me/218m
7	@HalfDeadPrince i always wants those.. but i would look really dumb!
7	SB 239K.  Flop A Q 9.  4 players check. Turn 9. I check call 200 bet. River brick. I check call with trip 9's with K kick. He shows A9.
7	@cutebug yeah same here... I have a bit of headache too... ick
7	@captainflashman wish i could eat pizza, unfortunately it is forbidden here, only low GI, high iron stuff and lots of insulin injections!
7	@Remy_Foster Still not working
7	@RobbieBarnes weaned myself off it
7	So broken now
7	Hmmm.... My whole body feels sore!
7	...wait, I lied.
7	Im worried, not in a happy place right now   Deadline for important discussion 1st June :/
7	sometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word SUCKS really scares me
7	my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours...
7	IN PAIN. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it?
7	man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :O
7	just picked her kids up from Challenger for the last time.
7	I wanna go home, but I can't cause the customers won't leave... And my boss won't let me leave either
7	I need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail.
7	I worked more today than I did yesterday, but my time card says that I worked the same....  oh well... Hello weekend!
7	Currently drinking effervescent Vitamin C. This sore throat is getting worse...
7	@TomFelton it wasn't that good tonight  I know DCD though .... I won't say what happened!
7	It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing...
7	Preston stayed home and I don't know why
7	@JennaVonTweet Ohhh french tip! My fave, my nails aren't long enough yet tho  Ill ask the manicurist
7	Why can't my HP use Dell Dock?
7	@SteveHealy Oh no! you poor thing  you must have booked the tickets before you realised it was Pat Kenny's last night, gutted for you....
7	has some bad newss
7	srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me.
7	is sad that Piggy died
7	@Bill_Nye why so quiet lately?
7	@greasemusical Hi, I hope Ray is o.k. Please give him our love and hope he returns soon. Hope its not too bad
7	@NLtommy nope  don't think I will. Thnx for asking lol I will be fine
7	Here's almost 1 AM and I'm staying with my open window...otherwise I'd suffocate myself.  It's way too warm! Ah ~ I so much miss rains !
7	@travisricejr Because the ferry that was supposed to take us out changed their schedule. So now I have to fly out on June 30 on a red eye
7	Work soon. Lame going to miss the @Lakers  Go Lakers! Hope you win!!!!
7	I need a Xanax and have none
7	IN PAIN. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?
7	http://twitpic.com/67l90 - @lunawoodcock girrrrrrrrlll i'm going to miss you so bad!!!!
7	I don't wanna be a fatass when I go to Europe. Need to eat right but it's so difficult
7	@Terrellbrw No money... and No Car...
7	I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals..
7	I can't sleep... And now????
7	pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  xxx ohh
7	I'm going to be without a computer for a few days
7	Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday
7	Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done
7	@maureenjohnson i looked for you but couldn't find you amongst the crowd
7	@karamcdowell I'm sorry, that stinks.
7	My voice hurts. No We We Rock You the musical singing tonight..
7	Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!
7	im so sad that im missing the @chiodos show in ohio. it's the first show ive missed in 3 years that's been close enough to drive to.
7	@jayc1980 @bopsicle called the venue and someone else called - said no tailgating  but we're gonna picnic anyway LOL
7	@AmyXDD we better be i was jus readin the magazine nd it sounded like London were better than us !!!!!
7	Our Quinn puppy got a sick.
7	Fml just ran a mile.. And I just got scraped by my yearbook and I got 1/10 on my math test. Eff today
7	I was kinda looking forward to seeing Seann William Scott in the office today
7	He still doesn't love me... I won't ask again
7	having to use IE =/ firefox is playing up and i don't know why  will try and fix it tomorrow.
7	Gone to the shiggity shwa. back Sunday.
7	My Twitteeeerrr babiieshow Ive missed you  I hate this whole not having a phone thng
7	hugh isn't on it @wossy lied last week
7	Guess not today
7	Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard
7	@kabobbins nevermind....I kept reading and see ya'll r gonna be in Williamsburg   I'll mind my business now, lol
7	@kristenmchugh22 Oh, I'm so sorry!...my kitty is there right now being checked...losing lots of weight over last 3 wks. Not good
7	Heading home in the rain  no pool today...guess I will hit the treadmill instead.
7	@EyeFiCard boo...I thought being on the list meant it would be good to go  looks like i'll have to get a CF adapter for my dslr!
7	Dropped my lei off at the cemetary.
7	@drsteggy The evidently didn't have any of the smaller ones   I will keep looking.  I got a keen thing though for $7 that should do...
7	So bummed that I can't see LTJ in June  hoping for a UK yoke soon
7	@purlingsprite that is a bummer
7	@kdritchie77 I just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now
7	YAY! My cousin is coming over. I am so stressed my big recital is tomorrow. I tried to practice it and cant remember it.
7	fuck my life.
7	@eallen444 oh em i'm sorry  i wuv you to pieces
7	google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?
7	@MrPerfect919 i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now...
7	CRYING CUZ PEOPLE WONT FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
7	@DaSqUeAkYOne those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho
7	Mel? Where Are You You Shud Be Here At My House
7	is going to sleep. Tomorrow Exam Review
7	is hating the weather. UGH.
7	live now! but nobodys there!
7	wants to scream, because the damn phot won't load...I guess this default will do for now
7	drinking lemsip cause apaently i need ittt! IM NOT SICK
7	gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottoms, so i have to wait another 2 weeks
7	Well that just sucks. Good way to make me feel bad
7	@gettemkbr yo u can't love 1 twin and not the other lol
7	I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them!
7	@antennaswrvu i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet
7	Watching GH. I feel so bad for Carly.  OMG, so fucked up.
7	mattress armada needs to play a show soon or i'm going to be seriously sad
7	Rats the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com I'm too late.
7	@lovexoL what happened to your phone
7	@shivface oh my god im sooooooooo sick  help me
7	@MrBenzedrine you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?
7	@albanydia Not that funny! I wont jump
7	Greg Pritchard was robbed  ii am too gutted for words
7	@misspostit Na, ya ando pelon
7	@Scaraboo Ouchies. Sorry to hear it  Are you going to get it checked out?
7	@konstantinshero now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you.
7	@jennyboomboom83 I know how you feel Darian is in LA with Bam and I am missing him terribly. And I won't see him until Sunday.
7	@drerae awww. that sux! my mom has a totally numb finger as well ever since she had her surgery for her hip replacement..sucky.
7	listening to ryan adams and being sick
7	@racer108 you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first time, something is up
7	Stu is actually SEVERLY sunburnt....it hurts!!!
7	@leprakhauns trying to have a baby, don't want my soda addiction to be a problem, so i quit  still sad and craving it though
7	i wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day
7	@ashleygaskins  sowwy. Lover you
7	I really really really dont want to go to work! 4th shift of the week just to start over on sunday
7	My back is soooooo hurting.
7	Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend.
7	:'( big brother in 4 days! This means constant live tripe on e4 and no scrubs to fall asleep to! Not happy
7	@TickingTimeBomb LMOA! i just quit one of mine, too much stress
7	@Gemmaboyle I hope it'll go by as quickly as possible.
7	Still @ hospital, unexpected complications
7	Btw, I think I may miss my flight.  Sasha's gonna be upset. But traffic was horriffic. Pull for me, guys!!!
7	@stephenfry I'm afraid your comments on MP's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive
7	but now my feet really hurt...
7	i cba with it now   ohwell might play another innabit
7	@flyzik awe! i miss him so much. they're on &quot;vacation&quot;. which has lasted for like, six months. and i miss you!
7	Just dropped my new mobile down the loo.  Fingers crossed it works as I still have 17.5mths left on the contract
7	@kterwin I keep trying to talk myself out of Australia by thinking of the jet lag  So far it isn't working... I still want to go!
7	Just as quickly people arrived people have gone  Still hungry must find food!
7	Poor winston!  Going on a run!
7	Home Sweet Home by Carrie Underwood makes me sadd
7	nervous about going out tomorrow, cos its the first time since my daughter was born, she's 2!!! HELP
7	@Pworldwide no I didn't
7	Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive.
7	my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen.
7	Really tired JAKe always gives me more work
7	Head hurts bad
7	Headed home ... Charlie's at the vet
7	@ellenmoore08 I would if I was home
7	I think I may have frozen my butter by accident.
7	had a great time out in the beer garden wit the boyos !! I think the sun got to me a bit though, feel a bit ill !!
7	Sad that the Statue of Liberty will completely reopen 2 weeks after our NYC trip.
7	Can't stop coughing
7	Stupid HomeWork Is A Waste Of My Time !
7	@jpadamson I certainly know the feeling. Wesley is sleeping and I want to go get something to eat but I only have $4.38 in my account
7	@MrsNewlywed what happened? I missed 4 hours of updates
7	At Marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots
7	sore head..hope my girls ok
7	Nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  Baws.
7	oww...just bit my tongue
7	anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account
7	I have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt
7	@ThisStarChild *uhum* try that again - unlike the pretty women on here I just don't look 21 any more
7	14 hours later, I am still too drunk to drive... For shame on me for letting myself drink that much. I am not in peak spirits right now.
7	Okay, the man with the hook for a hand is kinda freaking me out right now.
7	@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time..
7	My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort
7	@JamieBolerjack still here unfortunately!!!!
7	I feel sick. And I have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great
7	I've got a headache  !!!
7	Uh oh, I am sunburned
7	I didn't get the job at Berry Line after all.
7	Working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company..
7	@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;, I know it was amazing and I have sunburn too  So my mum isn't happy,, . &amp; my throat kills . . Still &lt;3 it
7	I hope I make it to the bank before it closes. Ahhh traffic! And then I have to go back to work.
7	my feet hurt
7	@SamDescartes  Laws change in the 70s or 80s.   I could really push it bcause gran from Bathgate, but she was US citizen b4 dad born.
7	Doesn't feel like working out.  @ 12th Street Gym http://loopt.us/OGqB5w.t
7	@Mattwerkmeister heyy have you deleted your myspace account  cause the link in the side bar wont work it says its been deleted wb ily xxx
7	Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety
7	feels really sick after eating some form of chicken. Why do restaurants make their grilled chicken sooo greasy
7	has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morning, jesus christ i want sleep
7	the sing store won't work.
7	My dad and Joe Nugent drank nearly all the Ice Tea  i only have a bit left. quite miffed tbh
7	Seeing people today made me realize I really miss someone. But I also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ...
7	feeling hot hot hot! honestly us scots are so not used to sun the minute we get some, we fry!!  x
7	@gregkang ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!
7	@ox_grace I can't do anything
7	@DC_Zol I would like to make a comment about the password but I can't on this medium
7	@samigrady traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun...
7	@Sam_Fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  ITS STILL MESSY
7	gives you a Haiku status (inspired by Michelle Yuen)  the sun is shining a perfect day glorious day outside my office
7	Where's my baby?!
7	Alcohol  toncilitus  but alcohol cancels it out
7	stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD
7	Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
7	Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
7	You people haVe no idea how depressing it is being at a steakhouse and not being able to eat
7	The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there.
7	Someone keyed my car.
7	I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes
7	i need to read @lizzie123x fic again, but i lost it
7	@kiyoshimartinez - 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made me empanadas again.
7	@binhog737 Sorry about the weather, hopefully you're not in the 2-3 hour wx delays here in BWI
7	@simoncowelI got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless
7	no longer works at swiss chalet
7	This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid.
7	@_finn_ Except I dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  At least it wasn't the screen.
7	i cant believe that its already friday! omg, what had i done?!
7	@FilmsRUs oh 2mrw? Yea I won't b there  but maybe next time
7	If you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!
7	@pen15lvr they frown on us googling alcohol at work
7	I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help.
7	misses Nanny.
7	I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle &amp;&amp; my fishes
7	still have a high fever
7	I kind of miss a certain someone already.  and, i never get to see him again.
7	Dropping my mum at the station   I'll miss u mum
7	@mona_tweets I wish I could be there to give you the biggest hug right now. I'm so sorry, I can't imagine how painful it must be
7	Do I really look like the gay guy with the dark hair and sleeve from #BGT dreambears?
7	@rainofashes I would never do that to an innocent individual, plus it's really unsanitary
7	@annaavila oh noooo.. dont cry  we'll see.. ill talk to krys... text her and see what she says.. we're both pooped.. so idk.
7	wtf at facebook spam saying that my DAD is my secret admirer
7	whats wrong with you, my sweet laptop!!!!!!
7	im getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- FACT  my skin sucks
7	always makes bad decisions
7	gettin ready to put on a show  ugh i really hope ppl dont comee
7	@EvilKimIsEvil I was sad to hear they shaved too  I really liked the beards. I feel like I'm in the minority.
7	Tweet riot. I can't download Tweet Genius on my other device
7	@ amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u
7	Not feeling all that well today
7	Oh man now it's raining...seatbelt now buckled...thanks bates for wishing I have a blow out and flip and burn up
7	. @LauraLeeShaw Will have to try.  Our Pei Wei closed so I can't try there.
7	OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
7	hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion
7	Ahhhhhhhhh man blew up my amp!!!!! no more shredding
7	my skin is burning up so much
7	got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves.
7	@BitchNotAPerson Actually, I'm supposed to do that w/ my dad + cousin, My cousin is in trouble though, so we never get together
7	@StephanieBamBam @tjtrapp I can't join your game... it's a private beta
7	I'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  ESOTSM;
7	its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming.
7	#Ajax #php! Just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! @varun_chander made a mistake here
7	YAY jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow
7	@Direct2Dell  my mini 10 order is delayed again.  Can I call to add the TV tuner for $20 more??
7	@PaulaAbdul I was supposed to go boating/songwriting in Cape Cod.. but its cold and rainy
7	Omg! Why cant i eat. Everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me.
7	@gail_collins I'm not sure I understand how this twitter thing works...
7	@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&amp;  greet tomorrow ?
7	Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off.
7	I'm soooooooo hungry right now. DH is still not home.
7	Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out
7	@LadyHaych Totally agree, she wasn't even as good as the judges said wither! Just said it to make her feel better
7	Headache.  Very. Large. Headache.  A little dizzy and feel ill too.    Yucky.
7	@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 SA this commin weekend.
7	@NauticaThorn I love you, but I don't love twitter   Hey, are you going to Xbiz?  It's in VEGAS!
7	right im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
7	omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail
7	Done! Goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me
7	Metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! Walking home bus can't go further  ohh
7	@EileenLeft I am disappointed in the lad. I think he unfollowed me. @ryking is not showing me the love.
7	BRAINFREEZE
7	@pillowfarmer So sorry about all that  praying for you
7	@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!
7	i never though i'd be in this situation. i don't like it. at all.
7	@dvautier Burst my bubble!
7	@TraceyMmm awww  what did you eat sweety?
7	Is sad that her brother is having a bad day
7	oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my Twitter Empire.... again....
7	has to go to sleep but is not sleepy at all!!
7	@ThisStarChild Night you. Damn did I give you #ff? If not, sorry, I will do a late one tomorrow. I always forget someone  night xxx
7	OK, when will this post RNY girl learn; rich sugary food is a BAD idea! No more golden graham bars out of the vending machine. Bleck!
7	@Chriscornell why isnt everyone with you?
7	At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist.
7	Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go
7	dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house
7	went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses.
7	Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this.
7	@jwphillips I have no IPhone (poor credit!).    But I cannot live without my cell phone! I am on mass transit every day!
7	super bored on a friday night
7	@xirclebox Problem is I have to get it done this weekend one way or another.
7	is sooo stressed about everything I have to do
7	@john_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week
7	Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
7	@xoshayzers I'm sorry.
7	is sad that today is her last day in san diego
7	waiting around for boyfriend. then off to queens. ... looks like it's going to pour here in dt bklyn. umbrellaless
7	@Rooks_ nooo  no roo crying. but omg i wanted to slap her. she was singing fine then from out of nowhere- BOOHOOOOOOOOOOO
7	@CHRIS_Daughtry  FYI Canada cannot see the VH1 preview of the video
7	owww, back pain  hm, walmart or no? i could get cupcakes~
7	i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty
7	The balmain knockoffs in bebe make me sad.....I want the real deal...these shoes look cheapy cheapy.
7	i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!
7	I don't know how to use twitter!!
7	MAYDAY?!
7	more work to do
7	Sittin at the hospital with isaac cause he hit his head
7	Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend
7	I need my car back
7	My legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all.
7	Back from town and my Mac crashed on me  but it's better now
7	I can't figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36
7	Dear co-worker, its great you don't want to smell, that's what deordant is for, not a bath in cologne
7	@VestaEresta: Geez, a cool man like him be the villains. Too bad
7	Took a kind-of nap, too. My tummy hurts.
7	@charrrbabyy I know!!  effing embarrassing! Eff our lives
7	Ugh,what a boring day
7	wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  Crappy day
7	So... Inconclusive. There's still a chance i'll need surgery. I see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays.
7	WHY CANT I FIND IT!!!
7	Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
7	@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder, paedophilia and disfigurement and only get upset about animal cruelty.
7	@hamoke: these lecturing, book-worm beasts, out for a noble cause. . .why can't they just be normal
7	@OfficialBB  Will we be able to see clips/episodes on the C4 website from America?  Or will I languish reading the news stories again?
7	@CThun @regent_lord Can't we just all get along?
7	.....headache
7	@AngelIVXXX I tried to DM you but your not following me
7	@myrewyn oh no! Poor thing keep us posted.
7	@Juicytots yay!! we'll all move!! sorry dh is being Grr...  xx
7	Just got back from the grocery store. Now I'm starving and can't find anything to eat!
7	@hoperana nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards...
7	Computer remains dead
7	This world makes me sad
7	on lookbook craving everyones clothes  i want a pencil skirt so baddd, someone send me one
7	i really want to ring @mitchelmusso but it costs 2 much  dam you credit crunch
7	@Argyle_SocksO_o: I'm sorry, Shannon.
7	@Sarawkweird I think that's pretty awesome. I could quote LOTR:ROTK for one summer, but now I can't anymore.
7	I'm so getting the cold
7	Feel quite down, not quite sure why though :s so going to bed  night everyone x
7	@Jesse236  I don't have any from you
7	@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem.
7	@phunybuny @iamtheplague Wow.  I hope he gets better... cancer can GTFO.
7	sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo
7	Ever since Orchid quit drinking from a bottle, she's been eating us out of house and home! Holy crap girl! Still not drinking milk though
7	@DoMeZydrate I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place
7	Needs to learn lines for show, else director is going to kick my butt
7	My husband just went fishing   How come knitting keeps you at home?  I need a lady hobby that lets me get out of cooking.
7	My baby has his first busted lip.
7	@ritzybee yes - it has put a damper on us &quot;getting to know&quot; Georgetown! Instead he is watching tv and I am catching up on invoices.
7	I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life...
7	Not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all
7	@TferThomas so did you watch?  I'd forgottenmost of it, enjoyed re-seeing it, but paying for it today, my face doesnt bounce back anymore
7	Daddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj
7	actually, i like almost everything about my job right now. except the part where it's not permanent
7	bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair
7	Traffic along McArthur!  okay, keeping my eyes on the road and my hands on the phone, err, steering wheel.
7	I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3
7	so upset
7	has a tummy ache
7	yeah its Friday! I thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!!
7	That sucks that u have 2 go through that  id b pissed 2
7	Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh.
7	Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!
7	@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far
7	I think Max (my cat) may really be gone
7	@KidCalloway SOWWY  I had 2 get up at 6:30 this morning
7	Ahhhhhh i feel ill , i dont think i should drink :L lmaoo
7	learning all about non-payment from a client.  For a new business this is a headache I was hoping to avoid
7	my phone died  and i really need to go home to do my recap for @capstreetteam from last night! aiyaiyah! hate running errands
7	@Brandystrippers OI, are you mocking the fact I dont cry at tv things?!  *Feels bad*xxx
7	soo fucking stressed out...I think I could possibly lose it
7	av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm
7	j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight
7	@JonathanRKnight Oh, you poor thing!!    So sorry, babe....
7	@alex_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!!
7	@Jennvy Hey sorry this is late, I leave in 30 min  raincheck...tomorrow?
7	Damn if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit
7	@siansburys I've lost count of the number I've rung today already    Were going to Wales, but I'm due in court on monday!
7	I don't like thunder. And neither does the doggy.
7	ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush
7	My cat is anorexic
7	@VintnersCellar If only they weren't in Shelby Twp
7	@Jamiebower  you should come to Chile and your band too;) why everything  happens far away from here?? lol we're losing good live music!
7	@BPVorsight thx for the suggestion - I don't think it'll be easy to convince her cold calling isn't aweful tho
7	Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick
7	Holy cheese sending things to the motherland is muy caro
7	why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I got scared to try.
7	@martinhavlat aww that sounds sad
7	Doing my fieldwork databook. Slept awkwardly. Bones all sore.
7	throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk
7	@Clareies I'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure
7	MY BEST FRIEND IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS MOVING AHHHHHHHHHHH wat am i 2 do im not a happy camper
7	please do not let me get obsessed, whatever or whoever is in charge of my actions  you've been doing such a bad job lately
7	@PatBrough I've been there.  The only place I have flown out of since moving up north. Really pretty area for flying, but very expensive
7	Just got caught in the down pour
7	so we got our cap&amp;gowns today! senior year is coming to an end soo fayst!
7	@AdidasGoddess19 HAHA Amen! Im sooo damn hungry... And I hate knowing my weekends gonna be shit, when its supposed to be great
7	@DreamingMyth why not?
7	Checkin out oramarecords.com. Got a fever and cnt sleep
7	@ragavin  is there anything Brian or I can do?
7	@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay!
7	Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms
7	@vanriper so how's the new gphone?! I guess I should have signed up to go to google io after all
7	I am sad... Tanner wasn't invited to the Panthers development camp this year  Poor (other) Glassers. But Calla was, so good on him.
7	@marshallsheldon Probably not a good idea, its hard to tweet on the web, I miss Tweetdeck!  *cry*
7	@ddlovato it's quite hard cause when you attempt to spread it, the cornbread falls apart...
7	@Christe1 So sad. Your mom must be very shaken up. Peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl
7	Head--&gt;ache.
7	@AdamSchwabe http://twitpic.com/67owu - Nice - I had tickets for tonight's game, but I'm staying home sick
7	I didn't get my q'doba today! sad
7	@Katizzle hehe yeah! but too late hun
7	@tropigalia I know, I stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!
7	The book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   Be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1E15.  #BEA09
7	I have ants in my apartment
7	@thesmartplanner I so wish I could go to your blogging bootcamp in Knoxville this coming week! I'm so close but yet so far.
7	Phone power is dying!
7	@heyagainlando Their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. This is why no savings is bad
7	I'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend, wow, I've never been sunburnt before, this really hurts
7	Brianne. Can you call me when convenient? I don't have you # and am not near comp
7	So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until...
7	@faffyfoo Yeah ...  I don't know why that happened on this video...
7	my sleeping child does not want to wake up.....she will be up all night now
7	@educatedlady lame
7	@morgannJayy  lol...maybe for you...I still have to go in monday.
7	@bowwow614 hey Bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!
7	when is it gonna be nice out
7	Feeling like crap sucks.
7	im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid.
7	isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded
7	@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride
7	@Kaylalallama:  She's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal.
7	@TessMorris I considered being a nurse when I was younger but I really don't think I could cope if a baby died
7	my msn crashes way too much  hmph
7	@Mitchelmusso: I sent you an other call me back message  x
7	My back is all kinds of messed up, and Strudel is going to live in another town until we move, I'm going to miss the little runt
7	New phone isn't syncing with my computer...I need numbers
7	Freakin' HAWT guys at this restaurant...where I'm eating dinner with my father
7	@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep!
7	Missed the WBC counterprotests.  But probably going to WaterFire with Ben, yay!
7	@adamjackson Better than what I did to my MacBook keyboard yesterday! (Spilled a whole cup of hot chocolate on it.)
7	graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
7	Realized that ManagingOnlineForums hasn't been reviewed on AMZN in May! I'd love if someone would share their thoughts! http://is.gd/JolG
7	Is have a bad night at work.
7	@ItsOneTen now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? Don't jip the world of your presence
7	can't sleep without my routine &quot;before-bed snack&quot;, but  to find that it comes along with a fatfat tummy.
7	Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback
7	@Kikirowr Aw not again!  Feel better soon bb!
7	Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
7	http://twitpic.com/67qv3 - Me at Forever 21  Ethan couldn't be there
7	Poor Kella is on meds now for an ear infection; she lost her food all over @deannamichelle twice at the doc's
7	Back is killing me, wish the pain would go away
7	I think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold.
7	@JYBeliever sore throat (like hurts to swallow) runny nose and constant sneezing
7	im so tired  &amp;i miss dionee already.
7	@jeweljk I can't get it to load for me.
7	back to work tomorrow  whose idea was it to go back on a saturday?!? Oh wait... that would be mine. FAIL.
7	@mollyissogyo I made room...I don't have a bed from how much room I made and now I'm outta space for sure lol, and I know I'm pathetic
7	Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test
7	hey @mitchelmusso i tried callin u but it wont let me
7	Wow, NOT free WiFi &amp;&amp; you have to pay for parking!? Reduculous!!!
7	@ingridmusic whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn't I know you were here?
7	@aAaAle  haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on Mtv.Sunday morning I have an exam
7	My baby isnt online yet  booooo
7	@willameda I really really hope that doesn't happen.
7	@ebrettrubin i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering
7	Now, I regret not going to see Up today. Damn you, messy room.
7	is at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  DR!!! i hope
7	T.G.I.F to bad i have to spend it in the E.R
7	really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill, listenin 2 music, twttrg. But the gas gauge isn't lookin healthy
7	@nessa665 this creepy guy when I was walking the dog  I've had my fill of creepers for the day
7	@LaurenConrad it says Lo's page doesnt exist
7	Sick. Feel like jello, can't talk, and delirious.
7	wishing I was anywhere but here...
7	@BBC_Fangirl Won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  Boo.
7	the next 2 weeks, exam wise, are AWFUL. there are 8 exams and I don't see how I can adequately revise all of them  I care least about...
7	@jwalsh well, the requirements are quite high as well
7	@Erock2106 yeah! but too late  lol
7	Getting ready for my graduation party ........(id much rather be at Hello Marquee or Dane Cook)
7	@LaraLea awww, we JUST missed you then!!  But I'll see you tonight!!
7	@apunbindaas ......when I find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. They'll pop up
7	Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!
7	@patzilla83 I can't have any.
7	@tine143 I was going to but I'm siiiick  I'm so mad!!!! Jason said I have to recover fully before I go paintballin again! Are u playing?
7	@marshallochs i don't have texting.....
7	Because you're everything to me DEMI LOVATO
7	Have a HUGE headache... don't have asprin here at work.
7	playing singstar without my fave duetter
7	i cant spell
7	@casablancadonna Glad TS brought it! Sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels
7	I really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me
7	This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon.
7	@GentleSinner Very afriad  I might copy the picture that I just put up... and change it a little, should I?
7	it is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant
7	i want  to go to a  concert  from fob now!!! i miss  it   can't wait  any longer ...
7	Sleep time for me now, lots of last minute revision tomoro; exam on Monday  night tweet-ers &lt;3
7	http://twitpic.com/67rcp - Another one...those were taken at 3 am MET! U see I have a real sleeping disorder
7	@jillvee If it keeps up like this I'm soon not going to have anything to blow the liquids OUT of!
7	@SelfEdge what causes the frustration buddy?
7	ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box.
7	It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
7	Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,&lt;3 kMv
7	@MysteryArtist I never knew
7	@mitchelmusso i love you but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!
7	@alittletrendy but he was only 39  sorry, I tend to ramble about him,
7	Every time I pay off my library fine, I get a new one.  I'm a bad patron
7	Laying in bed til workkk... Oh the life. Definitely pinched a nerve.
7	@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club
7	Then it just HAD to start raining here. ughh... (via @dusktallon) haha you died   what did you do at muskoka
7	@marting05  I know... he's mad at us... :'(
7	@hatz94 Nooooo get on now! Haha i'll be gone later
7	owe i just burnt my hand on the toaster oven
7	Had a great day, apart from the fact that I bought a USB HUB and as soon as I plugged it in, it broke!!!!    Damn you Tesco!!!!!!
7	so  im really borde and i dont know what i should do.
7	Okay, this weather isn't &quot;cute sundress&quot; friendly. I dont get how it could be so warm one minute and cold the next. I was freezing
7	@its_sb I killed my furby tooo
7	@lucashardy how are you gonna get them? I got bitten
7	4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30
7	@kerryisonfire i just went to find that unity girl on bebo, i cant find her! i fail at bebo stalking
7	Its finally nice out... An hour before we leave
7	@nina_serafina85 Its headed this way
7	@thepresidentJx3 no one ever gave me the info I'm sad
7	Just found out that one of my coworkers in St. Paul (who I actually know and talk to) got laid off. This blows.
7	Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn't going for 3 weeks! It's wayy to long
7	went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at
7	@AndreaKoeln awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn't do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet! Maybe it was a 24 hour thing? :s
7	@SuprnaturlShana I'm sorry you're having a bad day   I was just looking back through. Do I need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?
7	@AlpineKyle I am in the 'real world' which apparently involves a lot less twitter....  sorry!
7	I think the rain killed my phone
7	Seth Green tells WalletPop his secrets of financial success as 'Unbroke' premieres. link was too long
7	Missing Nate more than usual tonight
7	@Glinner I'm sorry. It sucks I can't get spotify free. I would never stop you but I just got 5 links from 3 different people. It's crud.
7	@souljaboytellem Lucky u Im stuck in the rain...
7	Also just realized that my digital voice recorder doesn't have a USB port!?!?! I think I picked the wrong model
7	@markhoppus Are we going to be able to buy more than 1 ticket online through livenation tomorrow? cant make it to LA
7	@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better
7	@elainanic  hope u feel better sweetie
7	Uh-oh...it's becoming grey again out here. I hope it's not one of those &quot;pop-up showers&quot; on the way.
7	@kirstiealley After many attempts, I can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. Tells me pic is too big. Frustrated trying.......sorry
7	is not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow.
7	@its_sb I swear mine was evil  it was green and everything LOL
7	@Kreeoni I can't follow that one
7	oh no! :| no more celebrity ding dong for ages
7	@sanchaaaa im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini ((((((
7	@NB82 aww sorry ot hear that  least its work though!
7	@DatBoyXO oh wow...hope he's ok  u take him 2 the vet?
7	last thoughts, again: is sorry, laura. and doesn't want her last tweet of the day to stuart to be nasty   *hugs* ?
7	I have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturday, I hate having class Saturday
7	one of my besties is moving away
7	At Home Depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason.
7	ugh! looks like it can rain any min now
7	do not go to moes mexican grill, it is TOO spicy!
7	@RachelDouglas I am totally trying to get back my PCW too
7	NCP no longer has job placement
7	I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back
7	A 35 minutos... Split-up.
7	@AnnieSenior what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... Im a good secret keeper
7	@DNK_Anais I feel reeeally bad now.... sorry
7	@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha
7	am so bord and wishes she had an ipod touch
7	@TrillMill I need to go shopping with you...but I need to save my money
7	@nkangel74 Yeah I hate that too!!!! Sorry ur goin thru that
7	im scared of thunder
7	Well just left six flags. Didn't get to ride what i wanted to. Bummer.   maybe next time.
7	@afwife08  sorry to hear that. Is is a 365?
7	so sad i wont b able to go to the eugenia kim sample sale in ny. womp womp.
7	@Only_Leah   i cant help it all this talk about losing our fathers makes me sad
7	Fuck.. my legs are sun burned...
7	@MarieC09 My right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. Any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in
7	twitter is acting weird
7	@SoleneD i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately.
7	Bah DHCP server, why must you keep falling on your face
7	It's cold and cloudy and I have a million loads of washing to do
7	@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
7	@filmscoregeek Thanks for the R, but, sorry, the LOTR was spam.
7	ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS.
7	nooo i cant be sick...not now! im about to go see my new nephew
7	So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go, do not collect $200, lose $160
7	@JonathanRKnight wish you were on your way to Tampa! FL girls are missing ya!
7	@CHRISDJMOYLES Sorry to spoil it but he didn't this time
7	Santa monica bound
7	@mitchelmusso i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me
7	Brand new is playing at the epicenter in July when I'm in NY. Jesse lacey why do you hate me?
7	@heatherjoy76 I have to figure out how this works!! I don't get it  Hope you're doing well!!!
7	@mercutiom i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a Giant hole on Mill. + Regions also closed.
7	I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire
7	twit, my way out of grad traffic.
7	can't sleep... havent finish my homework  DAMN IT !
7	already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago
7	Just passed a wrecked car  hoping everyone got out OK. Finally picking up speed. Should have been in B'mpre by now.
7	@BonusJonas Lucky. Winter is coming for us
7	It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!!
7	wow, almost got involved in this big fight at school!  ah, but anyways text me? going to causin's house, plus game crazy.
7	I am tired tired tired, I think Im getting sick.
7	Been sick all week and still not feeling so well, can't go to Lena's cook-out  Gunna spend some time with the fam!
7	sorry I've been away for so long exams comin up  plz pray for me ya'll
7	@riskybizness23 sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? I don't know if I can trust you anymore.     j/k
7	@mitchelmusso Mitchel you have no idea how much I want to call you!! but it costs loads to call from england!!!
7	Please read my blog http://amandallynn.blogspot.com/ I'm not having the best day
7	My poor lil piggy  Chuck saws it looks like a cartoon character's toe.
7	@Saraa_xD Si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrong, but I tried...)
7	eating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days
7	@KComer yeah &amp; when it goes wrong it's the worst feeling ever
7	Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him
7	My head hurts beyond much.
7	@ kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
7	@ThisStarChild Did I miss the fun?
7	Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them?
7	@batendersblog she had another song out recently but it didn't get that much play
7	My debit card is going the same way as my credit card, it's snapping
7	@XxHollyJoannexX im home alone in the house and imma scared  x
7	@jgoode impressive fever!  best wishes to her, hope it's nothing serious
7	okay, need to hit the sack.  i gotta wake up in like 5 hours   goodnight everyone!
7	Just broke my favorite necklace  superglue?
7	I'm quite afraid to string now since I don't have any .024 wire use
7	@mitchelmusso I aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in lONDON
7	@thethermals sorry guys, the WAVVES show was canceled, they missed their flight
7	@iesb I'm so sorry to hear that you're in the hospital.  Hope you'll be better soon.
7	@neon_lights aw what's wrong?
7	now i dont feel so good
7	/me really sad that /me can't go to Java One
7	@AndreaKoeln hmm, okayy, im really sorry to hear about it  why do you thikn she would have done that? :S
7	@Audioprincess  Nice. I just have water haha. Lucky you! I still have most of my exams to go  Yeah I'm okay just worried about exams :/
7	@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore
7	too bad i'm @ work  ...
7	@MrsDDoubleU no I want too, but a couple of people said it wasnt good
7	hey Tweeties, my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls keep her yall prayers  ...thanx
7	poor bella is in the ER with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. Her screams were blood curdling!
7	Not ready for this year to end
7	Oh no she stopped!
7	Headache is coming on
7	@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you
7	flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc.
7	These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair.
7	Scared  waiting for the call
7	It's starting to look like the @ScifiLeague website may not happen in any form
7	@Victoriouz tres rude VICTOR!  :\
7	@arronthomas whats wrong babe?  x
7	i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good
7	Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!
7	I dont like seeing my best friend cry, it breaks my heart and I dont know what to do or say
7	Hadnt cried in such a long time
7	there are some really scary noises coming from outside
7	I can't take it anymore
7	ok, i am finally starting to hit a draw, but now my short game has gone to crap!
7	wish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...aches, cough
7	totally having austin powers withdrawl symptons and Darrius withdrawl symptoms and mommy and minne withdrawl syamptoms.
7	Anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? http://tinyurl.com/m6sru3 Only available till the 31st
7	So exhausted
7	@eeeethannnn I do NOT. I RARELY dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. My hair just hates me.
7	@jenscloset WOOHOO!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! LOL i'm watching Dora on noggin with my 2yr girl, hubs is at work
7	Has a bad feeling that this time next yr, her fav musical may no longer be on the West End
7	@dunnybrasco Im home, phone died thou
7	it's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too
7	@JustYassy it wont work for me
7	@mitchelmusso I cant call you from Europe
7	@LLCOOLDAVE Trying to fix my background
7	@pbreaze I heard from @ricklondon &amp; @thehilliers you're away. I miss you too  Look forward to tweeting with you when you return.
7	aw man! have to go, only got to listen to the block party for like 10 mins
7	@sam_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x
7	@souljaboytellem hell yea its hot here  i miss cali
7	I miss the seniors already
7	@fallenfrommars yeah! but too late hun  lol
7	@oxEmalieexo: Lol it went okay! As far as I can tell . But then I had to do a test today for geo and I was all zoned out and got like 65%
7	@fiddlecub Guessing that's a question to everyone. I'm struggling to finish my last university assignment before I can start my summer
7	NEED A JOB ASAP...JUST GOT LAID OFF AND IT SUCKS
7	TWITTER WILL NOT UPLOAD MY ICON PICTURE  it hates me. Eff this, i'll upload it later
7	Sunburn is really bad now. Regretting sitting in the sun without suncream now
7	Need some coffee... Getting serious withdrawal symptoms
7	At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotoronto, but not with @MoxieGarrett.
7	i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home.
7	By @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more
7	@LaurenConrad mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills
7	@jesamine Here's a more appropriate @ tweet... is everything ok  Your last 3 days of tweets don't paint a good picture :-C
7	Whoa. UP is sad.
7	ughhh my leg is still cramping from my panic attack outside ULU this morning   bloody hurts!!
7	In cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. My arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies
7	they aren't selling jamba juice at my school today  they're going to sell it next week. on monday.
7	getting ready... omgosh, so nervous
7	Wishing Adam wasn't at work
7	Still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh
7	@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
7	It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night
7	I miss my closest freind,Shirley, She went to France for the summer  I miss you Shirley!!!!
7	It's so hot tonight  ugh gross.
7	I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc
7	@hogaan can you stop working so i can have someone to play with !
7	the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick
7	Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
7	@azandiaMJBB Oh no! Dreadful thought! Won't you get to spend any time blipping at all next week then?
7	What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin
7	Now have an unpleasant talk w/n-laws 2 look 4ward 2....
7	@Mcpattz ouch, thats your achy back...so sorry ... i didnt mean to cause you pain
7	Just saw &quot;Drag me to Hell&quot;. Sam Ramei is excellant as usual but the kitty scene was kinda hard for me
7	@tommcfly Tom, get ready, here in Porto Alegre is really cold
7	this cheese is fuckin up my stomach
7	En el salon.. Que caliente el blower ouch
7	@RealJudgeJules Gutted your not playing Kos in July Jules
7	I need someone to watch my yorkie.
7	@mileycyrus i bet you miss trace loads
7	@ProfLovee why you not go on the twitters no more?   oh bais!
7	my tummy hurts!
7	@mkuioka808 You still have class? Ouch
7	@candyisrad  what's wrong with debbie?
7	@_Chelsea_Marie wow u might have bad days lately ...  Sorry... Where are you workin ?
7	I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old.
7	I don't know what to do about tomorrow
7	@Rorzshach Are you okay?
7	i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night
7	I'am back to Tweetie 1.1.1.
7	It hurts to breathe again.. Why?
7	26 pin multi core cable goes bad just B4 service
7	I have a belly ache...
7	I miss ya, Boyfriend!  When am I gonna see ya again? Br!Tt@Ny!!!
7	@Jovani_Celeste  how long is the delay?
7	i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!
7	imm tired of callin @mitchelmusso &amp;&amp; hearin other convos  i wanaa call himm!!
7	Everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to Cali. LOL
7	@WerewolfEmbry No, trying to reason with it. It didn't listen
7	Squashed Foot  xx
7	@WonderlandDream I can't, I have an exam on wednesday
7	@BigEish How?? and who is Mommy??? I want to call but the phone is still broke
7	@erin_elaine Our chandelier is here! I seriously don't know how 2 get it through our door without sending it crashing down our steps
7	Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old
7	why does it randomly hangup on me?
7	I am unhappy
7	@GentlemanRiot yeah, I thought they weren't food grade, but apparently they were. Kind of a big waste.
7	Also, why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? Even when the long ones are snapped in half. Ow.
7	@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot??
7	I want a lie in tomorrow! Won't be getting one though
7	@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness
7	@tccrt3r !! WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
7	@darvin111 you don't even care about there, their, and they're.
7	Doesnt feel good!  but I cant miss work tomorrow!
7	dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry
7	@HolidayParade so close to tennessee
7	http://twitpic.com/67tcr - Ouch!! Burnt my arm on the grill
7	@buddahwong i wish you were in my class last year
7	is poolside. Bowling toniht maybe?? Back to work tomorrow
7	Ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed
7	I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!.
7	going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches)
7	@greenphoenix09 thanks!!! But ummmm can't find that option  http://myloc.me/21F2
7	Eugh, just seen a huge spider running about &amp; had to kill it with my shoe... I HATE spiders... &amp; crawlies that come out in humid weather
7	Uhh badddd day. Tired and ready for it to be over
7	If my phone dies I will die too!
7	... looks like it's gonna rain
7	@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me.
7	can't set up my phone on twitter
7	@KallieT this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??
7	Wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho
7	@hopeless_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx
7	@miss_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh.
7	How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls
7	@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend.
7	Trying to figure out how this works  ... BOO
7	@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x
7	@CrossedOutName pandora is blocked at my work  bummed
7	I'm so bunged up!! I Hate colds!!
7	back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph), just prescribed antibiotics, and an inhaler to help w/ the extreme coughing.
7	Oh hey, look, North Korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us.
7	WIDE awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! Run tomorrow
7	http://twitpic.com/67twh - This has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. I think I've broke my battery again
7	I feel useless I don't know what to do right now. I'm so bored
7	@bigkelleh i am sorry  that sucks. i got my overtime in my check already today....now i am really tempted to blow off tomorrow
7	@marginatasnaily haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx
7	Hate being skint  Anybody want to give me another job? haha!
7	Poor Flores! Not happy about the latest news  #Nats
7	I just burnt my ear
7	@m_longman yes i am.  but she didn't follow me
7	@drunkenlovee it'd take jamy 6 months to figure out how it works. I wanted to go see a movie tonight! then i remembered the game was on
7	i need monies.  school is expensive.
7	@jonheadley @jsanfridsson gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!
7	Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help
7	@MyInnerTricia it is gay...u have dissappointed me that past few days
7	@heyheykarla I'm sorry about your car. I feel for you...
7	@nicksantino NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo
7	Sugarland. So hot outside.  why so much hotter than the northwest?
7	sad ending to the softball season.
7	@lizwebpage Hmmm...chinese delivery it is. Altho, how will I order? I CAN'T TALK!
7	@TFA2431 aweee im sorry  but deep down u know i love ya!
7	Some guy just said he wanted to spank me
7	@LysdelTellez I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad
7	@meekorouse Very cute - I don't think I can make it to MakerFaire, sadly
7	@hopei91 I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	Wishing it was naptime
7	mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
7	Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian..
7	Boredom isnt any fun..Wish I had somebody to hang out with tonite..
7	@cageyjames Nope, won't be  .. Although I am not sure I want to go!
7	It's gloomy as hell outside today.
7	@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!
7	@tbirdj Oh man, that sucks  I'm sorry, doll.
7	@shanselman: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1
7	how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too.
7	this hole twitter thing is new too me, its not letting me change my picture so your stuvk with the wee stpid thing for now
7	So much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it...
7	sorry my bad.
7	@markharr You'll be waiting a loooong time
7	turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby.
7	wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow
7	@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month ago, too, almost same thing. was on the bus on her motorscooter
7	still sick  thinking about naming the puppy june
7	@Audioprincess  Ah bad times   I hate exams. I feel so unprepared this time as well. Sucks haha.
7	My blackberry is soon approaching her death
7	Such a headache  It's killen me!
7	@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  God,its 1:20am...heading to bed  God..too late..good night
7	trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working
7	acho q to
7	@WerewolfEmbry I'm sorry.
7	Gettin ready to head back to Chi...don't wanna leave Indy  #fb
7	@lauradanner I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	@saraht578 What software do you use to design sites? I'm a CS student and currently I hard code everything. It's not the fastest way...
7	has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to Goulburn
7	off work early
7	Thinks she's getting sick.....
7	At the orthodontisssttt
7	trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
7	@jarnmang  Hope everything ok! Can burr fix this?
7	@abbefied Bummer- that is a bad experience.
7	Waiting to put my story about Stereo Skyline up. Don't know where to put it. BOOOO
7	@thatkidkevin my phone died
7	@mamamikey paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol
7	r u still there? ? I guess not    i want to talk to you
7	im in pain, shit
7	@AdamSchwabe Oh no....Sorry to hear that ....
7	Prayin for dad  in Wellington, FL http://loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @furman27).       I too live in welly.  May i pray for you?
7	kind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet
7	@KSdaisy Oh, that sounds bed..poor girl
7	@Twinnikkib too late  I'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????
7	@ryansporn Don't be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::
7	I took her cracker now she doesn't love me
7	@nerak35 hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?
7	Working on something exciting... and I cannot tweet about it for several months
7	@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours
7	Unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip
7	Just got my marks...  BCIT is the death of me I swear!
7	I hate to say this, but CLA really should have had a press conference or something today.
7	Families  I really feel for some people and wish I could help but I can't
7	Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great
7	feels very very sick  hmph.
7	@StaceMichelle I doubt I'll get one to be honest
7	I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow
7	Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day.
7	its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
7	AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! Make it stop mommy make it stop
7	peeling so much!!   ..I feel so bad
7	@NKOTB So when are you guys coming to Alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...I had great seats
7	@livlovsmileGRN what happened? I thought you were coming back today....
7	just wake up.and i got flu  http://plurk.com/p/x2zp6
7	@saragarth Thank yooou! I might have to get it seen to... hm...  xx
7	@cherylsayshi i thought it was just me that was like really hot. My room is too hot to sleep in
7	@markymark7 Omg really??  I sowwy! I'll do it again! :-p I was tired when I did that this morning. :-p lol!
7	@gosner living in harlem, i can say for sure that there is far more pollution here than in other parts of nyc where i've lived.
7	I want to panic
7	3 days left of school!  For Bryce and Tyler, that's 3 more days of elementary
7	@FAITHL0VEH0PE I guess if you can't accept me....i'll have to keep it movin
7	@LesbianDad i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend.
7	@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)??
7	I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm.
7	@juicystar007 ahhh im on your blogtv waiting room
7	I want to go see Drag Me To Hell tonight. But no one to go with
7	Doesn't feel well and Derek won't get me any medicine
7	I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away
7	Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2
7	@marialuvsu i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an Alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret
7	@omoly girl i am buying &amp; posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no fucking clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it
7	@paulatoole Sorry  I wasn't doing the inviting...all single women I think.
7	Brittany moved
7	I don't wanna be single the rest of my life
7	mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
7	is bored, cant go on habbo stupid ban
7	feels a sinus headache brewing, but can't take drugs.
7	Goodnight all! No iPod still but found my old MP3 player...we'll see how long it holds out for.  xxx
7	I'm at work!!!! Ugghhhhh someone save me now
7	What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali
7	@ubringmejoi in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!
7	I wish I lived closer to the girls.  I'm tryna chill on a Friday night!    (@winonapatron next weekeeend! Drink all day AND night?!)
7	@mia423 Sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  But you know I have 3 kids ....
7	Now I feel sick.
7	@oxEmalieexo: Awwwwwwwwwwe  That okay. I missed bullet's concert in toronto last summer 'cause i had just gotten into them D:
7	I should go shower but FFAF is fucking distraaaaacting
7	not ready to say goodbye to spring awakening tomorrow. ugh  anyone else going to be there???
7	people are not twitting very much today
7	@mrsBAUERxo why has it been so long since i have talked to you let alone seen you?? it makes me sad
7	I am having serious cig craving... head for kitchen, let the non smoker weight gain begin
7	missing his voice
7	Omg! Really? I just ran into a wall
7	enchiladas weren't as good as I thought they would be     now I know why I don't eat mexican
7	Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.
7	Wish I had time to make it to the CFI lecture tonight after basketball
7	well.. all my slacking off earned me a D and a C   but at least everything else are A's and B's ^^  next school year all B's and A's Esh!
7	@Natasja_Cupcake I think only 23.  I get confused easy tho. LOL I hope so if so two stopped following me 2. I know one did already.
7	sore throat again. gaaah. it hurts.
7	going through security already miss my baby.
7	Thought I was seeing top shelf jizz. Very dissapointed!
7	Im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u
7	@staceyclarkin More than welcome...would love to do more physically, but family life doesn't allow
7	@BriaNicoleSison Why aren't you at blue martini with me??
7	Just wrote another song, but i ran out of ideas so this one is a bit crap
7	Karine Ruby, &quot;former Olympic snowboarding champion dies at 31.&quot; http://bit.ly/uKRBg
7	@Deztini tolddd you there was thunder! ew now it's all rainy D: i'm scared!
7	@hughsbeautiful Is beastypops tired? I wish i was. My tablets are just making me want to throw up!
7	I cant afford life right now. Everything i want to do is too expensive
7	has made a decision and will stick to it although I'm really not sure it's the right one
7	@casper1201     my bracelet broke today too.
7	@mitchelmusso i would love to call you but i live in Norway so its a little hard
7	can I just go to sleep and wake up in December when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today
7	@lid86 he already got a shot at having his own show and didn't prove himself
7	I couldn't do anythin cuz he jacked it when I stepped out for like 30 seconds &amp; was already outside up the mtn when I came back..
7	Looking for the @japadog in Coal Harbour. Can't find it!
7	@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then
7	My car has an alarm &amp; immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated AND costly! I have no key code neither for the immobiliser.
7	@PhillyD i wish i could be there!! too much going on.  sad day
7	@mitchelmusso Are you still taking calls? We were next to talk to you and we got disconnected before you got now.
7	&quot;your true theatre calling? - musical theatre actor&quot;  i wish :'( xxx
7	off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at
7	Great. Now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. This sure has a lotta precip with it.
7	@tommymercedes wish i was but im in chicago
7	just left &amp; already misses Nashville  be back sunday
7	Doesnt't want to get up
7	@Kristen_Oyler Poor little woman with her smushed in head
7	I think I lost all of my blog posts
7	off to bed with my sore nipples
7	@chillingo  I wanted to beta test but saw the thread after the results were announced
7	@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home
7	@mitchelmusso i called you too, just YOU don't pick up! i think i deserve a shoutout...
7	aww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun
7	So confused about what to do?
7	sunburnt again
7	@SaadZaeem nothing much man, waiting for my Insurance card to come through... Cant get any workdone here w/o it... Redtape
7	@gregorybayne I'm so sad I wish I was going to
7	its getting really windy out there
7	@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog
7	@SexyShaq it starts @ 6. But we will be there until they throw us out. Traffic will be crazy!
7	@Jessimikuh go and see my puppy! I don't want to be there alone
7	I recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!
7	@nofearentertain Just read up on your Mom   Hope she's okay!!
7	@PBCProductions  Why couldn't you let me know sooner...I can't call out of work on this short notice, oh well here is for next time.
7	@samanthai Ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  You should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)
7	Well, it's very hot out. And i want to listen to lines,vines,and trying times!!
7	@MileyCyrus: Oh. The voting is over!  But don't worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!
7	Ive got mad cramps in my legs
7	@allisonlodato YES PLEASEEEEE. i miss you  ps i'm bouts to text you
7	@itsgabbith hMm well at least you got them out! Sorry about it though  wish you could keep them in!!!
7	I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside
7	Got a Real Bad  headache
7	June is going to be a long, lonely month.
7	@selenagomez aww  but we miss you here in the USA.
7	And now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs...
7	@mitchelmusso I kept calling and calling, but never got through
7	@Vasilly I think I have some tea somewhere. It's probably old though.
7	@JYoungS2TS Yaay! I was supposed to go, but I missed it
7	I have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh!
7	I dont know where to get my hair cut!
7	@Jennicricket not sure i can make it
7	is gonna be mad hungry when I get home. Forgot my money...
7	@mitchelmusso I wish I was able to talk to you.
7	@Russzart Ohh noo. Joshua im sooo sorry i was out ,im really sorry i didnt get to see you :''( please forgive me  I'm sorry &lt;3
7	@o_0robertpatt Why do they do that?!
7	@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?
7	i hate storms.
7	@xsparkage LOL that is so Charlie......I miss Charlie
7	Why can't I sleep ????? Is it too much to ask for :-P
7	@JennycLiu Oh yah! My dad does that. But I don't have a landline.
7	@dhewlett I'm still trying to see Star Trek! I'll just have to Woman up and go alone. BF is pretty much worthless anyway  lol
7	*moment of silence* for the Budget i'm bout to b on  I spend wayyy to much $$$.... OMG! I'm on a Budget?!?!
7	i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation..
7	@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh
7	Hmm, no holga for me probably
7	I'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/
7	Darn it, I'm craving wedding cake... a craving that's very hard to satisfy with anything else!
7	Explains why the Woodman offramp was closed  @abc7 Breaking: 2 suspects robbed Union Bank at Riverside &amp; Woodman in Sherman Oaks.
7	@Lynne90 wasnt it supposed to have been in for yesterday?
7	@derwendtde so sorry about that  I have the same issues...LOL. My weekend started about an hour ago!!!
7	@dreamergirl822 it's really gutwrenching.  So sad
7	@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safe,poor Jon  xx
7	Visiting family in hospital = not fun
7	I burneded my tummy
7	@jimyvr Yeah, and that's where everything becomes difficult and generalisations break down. Not an easy problem  .
7	is having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a damn fever...   (^~^)&lt;^&gt;
7	@WardrobeGuy Sorry... What does that mean? I currently have a world phone &amp; I use apps. I'm confused...
7	@reddevilleanne aww  i guess not that many people are online though...
7	well no phone today, we are waiting till June 9th to get a better deal sooooo  but its all good
7	i dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?
7	i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long.
7	My Tummy Hurt
7	and i wish i gave you one last kiss
7	My vibe is currently downed.  The only thing amusing me is my Joker shirt. *Looks down and pokes shirt* I want a peanut butter sandwich...
7	@Dani___ okay, i'll finally get to meet Dia! that's her name, right? oh geez i'll feel so stupid if it's not.
7	@ahr19 Yeah, I'm behind on my classic cinema calendar-making. I haven't had time to go see any anyway.
7	This really sucks, I'm supposed to be home in a couple of days and I'm not  I hate borders and visa's.
7	@yes_i_am_jes YAY! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades!
7	@askegg Argh, I'm so sorry you couldn't come... It was great to get to know everyone...
7	Gary Just tried the Ommegang Chocolate Indulgence: no chocolate, no indulgence, just ... metallic.  Best I can... http://ff.im/-3o7RV
7	@symphnysldr what's goin on hun?  I'm worried about you
7	Poor Johnny is sick   Looks like he'll be going to the vet tomorrow
7	i have a headache
7	@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL
7	Really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared.
7	I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too
7	Anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook?
7	Wow, I didn't realize my seats were so far back.  I hope I can enjoy the show enough for what I paid for the tickets.
7	Oh No!!!! I must be gettin old!!!! My mom use to watch this show....I miss her
7	Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in.
7	@mitchelmusso i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot
7	Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends
7	In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long
7	My tweetdeck won't pull up.
7	missing cat makes me sad
7	@loldarian OMG SO srry to hear that
7	@Jayme1988 Hi SweetiePie!! It's Friday night and I'm .... missing my sidekick &amp; his slippers.  It's just not Friday night w/o him.
7	I want a new UI  But I don't want to actually set it up myself.
7	@Rosellyanna lol i know  and haha..did you fall asleep?? or just get bored of shaun :p joke
7	Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe.
7	The engine on my car blew
7	Well, Sacramento, I hope you appreciate Rivkah Sass &amp; treat her well. I'll be sitting here in Omaha, pouting
7	Caught in a herd of somalions
7	WHY DOES MY COUSIN PICK TODAY TO NOT TURN UP EARLY
7	@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days
7	@saamanthajaane :o exams. YUCK    that will be hectic!
7	@tashamclellan Oh nooo  I'm sorry you can't go!
7	@mlexiehayden How would I know if u didn't tell me??? Too busy cakin to pay me any attention
7	Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat??
7	@HimOverThere aww noooo that doesn't sound too great
7	shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail
7	iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home
7	@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive?
7	@TwoSteppinAnt Damn
7	I will miss the soccer moms
7	iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin
7	A little irked at the moment
7	Dentist  my tooth really hurts! &amp;0hhh yeahh I'm with this girl @ashliebrillault maybe you know her? She was Kate on lizzie mcguireee!&lt;3
7	I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well, though
7	@Dannymcfly i wanna a picture with u, in the hotel the security didn't allow me  it's so sad, i don't even know when i'm gonna see u again
7	Greenville Drive games just aren't the same without the &quot;Baseball Guy&quot; clown.
7	fighting a cold.
7	Aww I have a tummy ache
7	driving past Tattered Cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week.
7	@pandjcrafts yeah I'd just uploaded 20 pics &amp; positioned them just right, then 'poof' gone, before I could save
7	I need people to shoot so I can work on my new post processing technique.. but I need to show off the PP before people will want to!
7	@HughHefnerJr uh oh u gonna fire somebody??
7	Driving home to trade cars  hopefully it makes it! http://myloc.me/21SL
7	Thinking about Debra leaving in July.
7	oh!, I wanna buy Just That Girl - Drew Seeley, but I'm not allowed  I'm talking itunes store)
7	@ChellyBelle I'm chopped liver.
7	Misses her work peeps
7	has just finished reading Twilight and thought it was crap...okay, it was alright...okay, i love it and really wanna read the next one
7	I don't feel well at all
7	there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad
7	@HimOverThere gosh, poor thing! Get well soon, leg.  xx
7	Sitting and waiting and hoping this lady would hurry the hell up... I hate moving... It super sucks...
7	@WordofSouth Damn brah, u not happy?
7	went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining
7	@Cre8tiveSin sarcasm?  i need a PJ to fly to the hotspots and party and fly home for work the next day
7	@BuzzEdition You're welcome. Hey, have you sent love @CTK1 's way? In hospital today for surgery to sort old motorbike accident
7	Ugh, migraine.
7	cowering from pain
7	Can't stop coughing, feel like I might have bronchitis again, no fun
7	my phone is going to die too prematurely
7	@ArtOfDying any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight
7	My birthday is on Wednesday. I'm too young to feel this old.
7	I don't feel good
7	@greentm what happened yesterday? but phone calls with unwell parents - yeah .. know how that goes ...  .. i have two of them now ... meh
7	@rickoshea whats up rick??
7	Man! I need to make-up that $35 loss.. this is why I'm going to hustle this weekend AKA not going to have a nice, relaxing weekend.
7	@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it!
7	@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
7	It's a sad day when Christian Lacroix has to file for bankruptcy
7	@crescentdreams everything.  *weeps*
7	feeling even worse today
7	tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies
7	AHHHHH I needa hurry up and shower before this &quot;HUGE&quot; storm hits
7	didn't get to see his movie!
7	@mitchelmusso I'm never calling you again. Your phone is a scammer. It said I'm next and it hung up on me.  Now I can't get you.
7	Am listening to Darren Hayes's Spin. Am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. I ain't at all tired and I'm messed up bout things.
7	fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  damn drycleaners
7	wishes her love was coming home
7	@ Barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. I need my google. Going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. SMH
7	the muscle in my back is cramping up, hurts so bad! owww
7	@lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? As it is still in my car
7	Wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate...
7	riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike, very convenient! NOT) in the dark without glasses on. i was scared  but i survived HAHA
7	@yelyahwilliams it could be a bad idea, Hayley
7	@ladymaryann No news yet
7	good night fellow Twitterati. back to work tomorrow
7	I got battery acid in an open wound on my index finger  Fuck, it burned so much.
7	@officialSPChuck did not understand anything you said
7	still no date for bon iver next week
7	still babysitting, i want another boost
7	My twitterberry doesn't work!
7	crazy kids won't nap!  I think it's the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can't go to Grandma's cuz she's sick
7	@Gaylib1986 it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset
7	blip.fm is on it's last legs
7	ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again
7	Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want her, but it's still odd
7	being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap
7	i'm sorry i'm neglecting you, twitter.
7	Wishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable position, I am tired of laying
7	I've got to meet him tomorrow, midday and hopefully, fingers crossed, it'll all be sorted. My head is still hurting though.
7	@Lujee #3aaah mosh 3aref a facebook any more
7	im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
7	@xsparkage imagine if you really were lost and lost all contact with DT!  that'd be the saddest day of my life haha
7	I am not doing much  all well!
7	@selenagomez don't leave us
7	My back hurts
7	Well, I made the list look better, but I can't do anything about the number pictures, since I already closed that tab.
7	7.53.  7 minutes till 8. This is not my best day.  I`m late for class again.
7	@OfficialRyChris *waving* you wanna come get Diablo, he barked so much til he made himself sick
7	Ok.....Twitter is not near as exciting as I thought it would be!
7	i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  &amp; im bed ridden.]
7	@LULuwanderlust whatever don't make me feel bad!  ill bring you a surprise
7	@kericontrary not  you, me, just drank too much.
7	@iCharlotte My original non-Yahoo acc. was deleted when they got bought-out  But it's not too bad, I don't receive any Yahoo-spam from it.
7	http://twitpic.com/54khn - I am very sad. They cut down my Pink Tree. I noticed it when I left today to get Betos
7	dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!!
7	bummed about the softball loss 0-1   These girls are so good at only 12!
7	@verwon nice .. I can't ever get that from my ex!
7	@jimwtodd I don't know! She never answered me
7	i wanna go home
7	@inkyoctopus I always forget SOMETHING when I travel. I am at Newark airport.
7	Marley crying for more ball throwing....keeps eying me through the door
7	Life is over! Just went to get tickets for all time low, sold out  anyone got spares or wanna sell me theirs?
7	I'm miserable with my boredom.
7	blehhh i feel poopie. i have a fever and my whole body hurtssss   FML
7	@ddrdiva @laurapasik @that70sgrl I've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!
7	@Stace3811 I'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up though, your day doesn't define you...
7	Missing my baby ducks
7	lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upset, just an FYI.
7	in a very stress mood
7	Any Windows 7 users out there have any tips on how to make the default install NOT take up 15GB??  I knew it would be big, but srsly...
7	@selenagomez  noo Selena i really wanted to see you soo badly im your biggest fan dont make me cry
7	@starletta8 Oh that's too bad.  Do you just get sick when there's too much heat? I do
7	Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.
7	can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day
7	WTF? Twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -I wanted to be able to Twit while on vacay.   Poo on you Twitter
7	@charmand3r oh no!  I hope you get on soon! &lt;3 I miss you and I can't wait to see you again.
7	im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts...
7	* My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlova.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
7	@BrittneyCash Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
7	@charlieskies am i too late for a cuppa?
7	Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend.
7	Woa NOBODY is inside the movie theater... Its termenator ppl shud be in here... Scary
7	grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same
7	@vmarinelliRVA Parvo sucks. So sorry pup has it.  I lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. Still sad over it. Hope he's better soon
7	going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do...
7	Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good
7	My poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. We are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink.
7	Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing?
7	oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again
7	wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. I accomplished only one thing on my to do list today...
7	@DSTheStar1121
7	My saying now  http://bctiny.com/po4me
7	@xx_Megan_xx Thats all i've seen too   5 till 7 is the 2 hours I normally sleep so I missed it :mad: haha
7	Working on a Friday night
7	I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . .
7	going 2 watch Dogtown, hope it's not too sad!
7	Just found out that Anne's brother died unexpectedly - he was only 44.  Warm thoughts going out to her family...
7	Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
7	I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG
7	i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
7	@Haunt1013 Sorry RB is on PS3 for me
7	@Cowbelly I really want to!! But it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  Mama needs to make money.
7	Grass fed beef burgers with sauteed mushrooms and cheddar on wheat buns along with a salad. Yum. Poor Kim still isn't feeling well
7	Still sick  bout to play some ps3 till the laker game starts
7	i will be without an assistant for the next week
7	Startin to get a head ache!!!! Uuuggghh!!!
7	busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my Uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!!
7	I don't want to sit at home on prom night. Someone hang out with me
7	Printing from Opera gives me a much better result (but printing to PDF it names it _stdin_.pdf) - always gotta compromise
7	i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now..
7	@dorr did some research, but couldn't find the specific thing which i wanna do with this drive's autorun
7	@hookedonheat what was it? I missed it.
7	@lomara It was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51.
7	zzzzz.. best friend going to europe in a few hours  .. i'm gonna miss her! hope she has fun though
7	@Lindsay_007 so I tried to send you a direct message and I can't because you aren't following me
7	@ermadea sorry about your sadness   nitenite love
7	back home from shopping. putting stuff away and waiting for nets friend to come over. I guess I'll have to put my pants back on
7	damn im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me
7	Wake Up..... Please.
7	@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail
7	@moozmum aw i'm sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!
7	Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it
7	Trying to go to sleep but no luck  I think i'm sick... =S
7	@mathewsanders Floor mopping sounds unappealing
7	homework...boring
7	This is not fair... bath again....
7	today was such a horrible dayy
7	@killerannax oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?
7	is nervous about getting a house out in town
7	@sullivancc14 haha I really don't but I'm going to this workshop at school next week. Are you going? Plus my car is broken right now
7	Things that happened today:  My younger brother ran over one of our dogs. Yeah. I know.  She's going to have surgery this weekend.
7	@LisaMongold I know.  I have such guilt associated with picking winners.
7	my head hurts....
7	is on allegra, flonase and a steroid inhaler for the rest of the allergy season. throat still hurts from the asthma
7	I wish I had more followers on twitter
7	is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair
7	STILL NOT DONE WITH PAYROLL. was supposed to be off at 4:30. i have a headache
7	zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt
7	at my lil sis 8th grade graduation....i already kno dis is gonna last all my life
7	@ehuffty i can't believe i missed the brewcast.
7	Oh my Lord, I have no idea if any of this crap I spout is getting to anyone
7	Looks like I got a defective MacBook
7	@PeterPolaco signin autographs would be boring I think! Get wasted 2nite! Have fun! I'm stuck at work
7	@hardertospell why don't you have that song you gave me that song
7	my car is broke
7	arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  Burma or Cuba???? eeeep help!
7	sooo im 20 n im just now findin out i have asthma
7	last day of volleyball miss everyone already. Oh well, banquet on 10th hopefully everyones gonna be there
7	@knw3 I watched it all online. http://www.musicistheheartofoursoul.com/search/label/Niptuck has the last 8 episodes of S5
7	@Mszjai nvm i just got ur message that ur sick
7	Last Heroes ep until Sept  Sick &amp; drugged for past 3 days. Dr says lacking in everything, esp -get this- SUNSHINE.
7	Love how my printer decided to print all my blacks all marbled - 1hr before an interview for new work this morning.
7	@mitchelmusso I wish I would have called you. but unfortunatly, call the US from Scotland is a bit expensive  Gutted! &lt;3
7	noone wants to talk to me  lol
7	@mneylon I don't know what that means, sorry
7	awake sadly        seeing Leon today !
7	I wish I didn't have to work two jobs
7	Too tired
7	#myweawkness chocolate...i can't say no
7	just woke up still fukin sick
7	sigh, my sisters bein strange.. she came all the way from copenhagen to london, and now her phones turned off.. i wanna see her dammit
7	@laurenbreslin aww i know its my addiction!   awww i know sameee  !  its just more more more !
7	@SaraJayXXX OMG .. my memory must have failed me! Very weird since I do not normally forget because of my profession!
7	@SweetThang15 Aww  Yeah I feel you. I know its hard.
7	@torie007 yeah, and now you live in the 'hood! I never would have thunk it  What's up with these shootings in Belmont Shore?? Sheesh.
7	stopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing
7	help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one
7	taking Willy to the specialist...poor dog! He has to get a CT scan cos he can't walk properly atm
7	@tmjassociation y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat
7	@RealGrace my @Bonnaroo tix are in limbo....as usual  #UPSsucks
7	At subway. Not feeling good
7	@nathanblevins Ouch. I won't be down in Miami tomorrow morning. That sucks  It's a cruise? Are you driving back the next Saturday?
7	Too many cocktails last night, my head hurts
7	Is losing money in Vegas...
7	Its been a slow day at home, one of my kids is sick  .  This little picture cheered me up http://is.gd/JrLa
7	here comes the storm.....ackkkk
7	Why isnt my internet working
7	@shereemcfly09 ooh thats an early start  ive got bed planned for that time..ha..LoveYouJonesy XxX
7	So sad that Aki is out for the rest of the season!
7	Wishing I could see N*E*R*D headline @ Fest at DePaul tonight
7	wants to go home and see Erin
7	I have no one to go to the spring show with
7	@ZAmmi *hugs*  I'm so sorry.. anything I can do?
7	@BonjourHoney Guilt trips, feeling sick, pressure. stress and too much drama
7	Not legally old enough  to get a summer job outside of babysitting.
7	Working too hard.    At least graduations are over.
7	just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready
7	@nicolacrossley. Tickets, i need my tickets, where are my tickets. i want my ticketttttss
7	The underwire in my bra is sticking out and poking me in the armpit
7	i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke
7	http://twitpic.com/67ykt - We are losing so far.....
7	its weird how thinking about may 2nd totally changed my crappy mood to happiness...i miss @honorsociety so much
7	own 2nit but i cant go.
7	to save my heart I think Imma let go! I can see myself getting hurt with you!
7	Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p.... Come on Denver!!
7	@imlostinbooks It's up now, @Vasilly and @Devourerofbooks won.  Sorry
7	@JuliaBronwyn I accidently dropped it &amp; now the screen is all messed
7	i dont noe what to eat for breakfast hmmmmmmm im so hungry
7	Restoring my iPod touch seemed like euthanasia to me. I was willingly killing it.
7	My mom has annoyed the living crap outta me, so now we're on AOL Radio, looking for Brooks &amp; Dunn.
7	Golfing ended early
7	Hate to break every1's heart but confirmation jus came in that Austin &amp; Sophia do NOT &amp; never had a twitter  another sad day!!
7	St joe is dirty.
7	@vmarinelliRVA I am so so sorry to hear that he has parvo. Good vibes comming your way.
7	layenn down,uughh dunt feel well
7	It just occured to me..... tonight is Cheri's Prom Night......I was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult.
7	is watching &quot;Wall Street&quot;, and realizing that since it is on a movie channel she won't get a potty break
7	GRRRR!!! It's BACK!!!!! And what I mean is my headache  But on the *       *        bright side....it's only on one side!!!! /\/\/\/\/\
7	@framolamdu omg what a shame about Hollie,just watched that clip u posted
7	Suffering from  Hemorrhoids.
7	also I managed to ink half more page. unfortunately page 006 will totally suck, but at least I tried hard before I decided to move on
7	@VWayne noo sorry my love...after that i'm going to pop about 7 zyrtec and go to sleep
7	No waterfront anymore   faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
7	@dictums honey perhaps some medicine? i feel bad for you? do you have fever?
7	@sxtxixtxcxh @b0r3d13 but they're hungryyyyyy
7	I ran over a turtle.
7	@deegirl825 you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  I am cry now too.
7	@mitchelmusso, i called your say naw and got a voicemail for a guy named shannon...
7	@BullyOSullivan sorry to hear that.
7	@anthonyamor hey member when we were better friends then you and anthony. That was pretty sweet ha. Way to be a trader for the weiner.
7	I'm nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption...
7	I miss Vermont
7	i dont feel very good
7	@alilje why do you say that i'm a dick? i find that hurtful!
7	@dance2jeffreee lOL 518 that was not the year i was born  lol
7	@juicystar007 I can't get in, I'm in a waiting room
7	@MissJizzle Yeah, the economy sucks SO BAD.  Yeah, I know what a cafeteria is. I'm unemployed at the moment and I hate it!
7	My friend has sent me such a sweet sms. I can't wait to see you, I'm actually missing you
7	UP is out today!!! Why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   I want to see it!!!
7	@nomadiquemc I want to be at @urbangrind
7	@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - can you lend me one? I have a cold too
7	officially has pink eye.
7	the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here
7	Want: To play Sacred 2... Reality: Spend all day at the hosp...
7	@HeWhoWrites Aww I feel bad for the lil nigga. He look like he know what's coming
7	@BullyOSullivan Oh no! So sorry about your pets..
7	This has been a dismal week.
7	the $60,000 i spent going to college was well spent.  I'm going to meet a man tomorrow in the Toys'R'Us parking lot for a cleaning job.
7	The day started so wonderful, but now our kids our crying because our kitty is missing  We just got back from posting signs around.
7	Feeling kinda nervous when there was a virus found on the computer
7	cant go to work tomorow. still sick  grrr its anoying me now!x
7	@yummy411 @Cocoabebe I know, right? I guess the oldest doesn't hold rank on field trips anymore.
7	@colinmoge  the one day I need to work
7	@edincoat Oh no  I hope you reach him!
7	This weekend is completely different from last weekend.
7	@Savfortomorrow Si, no bueno  I guess I just don't entertain him :/
7	@mileycyrus my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
7	Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note
7	@justeezy  woh won at least you aren't in the NYC situation
7	@StaceBDU but my bday is JUNE 19.. this is wack... and ihavent seen any promotions for my bday party  someone better finagle this asap!
7	oh man, just seen the BGT news.. not cool. i loved greg.  that dancing weepy kid was just fucking obnoxious imo.
7	mommy coming home from vegas tonight! going to pick her up later in islip her plane doesnt get in until 10:40. KILLME. i want my mommy
7	@kakrisch im jealous.  im slaving away at the store and youre chilling on the boat.
7	@ddlovato  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
7	@mikeziemer you traitor  whiskey and coke is my aphrodisiac
7	wish I could feel no pain (8)  but it's ok, at least they like Brazil!
7	@glennbeck wish we could come see u on Denver  husband lost his job and can't afford it
7	I do nothing on friday nights
7	Jane is really sad because she probably won't get perfect on tonight's quiz without the missing article. Should've asked someone for it.
7	has a tummy ache.
7	@Jonasbrothers  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
7	reason #123,243,342 I don't like weathermen, school program canceled due 2 rain.Show 6p-7p now 8:15p still no rain  #weathermenRneverright
7	I have nacho chips...but no cheese.
7	@RealKeanuReeves   People are cruel sometimes.  I can't imagine being a Star.
7	Went for run, my sinuses are pissing me off
7	@sandysurap Thanks. They're both so cute. Havent been home for many years so havent seen them in person
7	@jbdance7  ya i can never watch any of them :l
7	I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice.
7	Isss boredddd, gotta be up in the morningg
7	@JeremyBorash wow, honestly not surprising, every time they try to push that guy he gets injured
7	@emerilizzie poor kid.  That sucks. Hopefully things look up for her soon. *hugs*
7	@schambers bud light?!?!?!  up in Massachusetts and no Boston Lager?  Guess I won't catch the next flight   njoy!
7	Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!!
7	aghh mann i missed like half wowp, nd i dont like to start watching things in the middle of the show, i forgot to record it, im maddd!
7	@veddersgirl Will start tonight. Bored. Tired of waiting on Darkward. I am breaking up with him
7	@kscarter I feel like I haven't talked to you in a really really long time.
7	@mileycyrus  it wont let me vote even tho im signed in
7	oh and i forgot my cell at home  thankgod for this crackberry
7	@MaryleeFOD I am so sorry I missed your tweet  I was on a nice long chat across the border with pastel. Did you want the recipe? email?
7	waaah.. I can't open my eyes wider! i wanna go back to sleep but i can't sleep properly..
7	FCKeditor is giving me problems! Posts just fine, but only edits in plain text! Help!
7	@ceciliaa_ What did he say about it?? Gosh! I missed the yesterday live chat.. I was at bed.. sick
7	I'm in a traffic jam
7	has a broken iphone
7	i'm a bum today
7	Just got my dress for my friends wedding. Its a little tight in places. Gotta work out more
7	still feeling crangsty  but sushi for Marianne's bday (tmr) tonight! then pedicures (finally!) even so, I hate feeling like this *pouts*
7	@selenagomez AWWWE! I live in Van, would've been so great to see you  but have a great flight!
7	chris cornell is going pop?!  i prefer the old chris cornell.
7	so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad
7	offically in DC .....  missing my numero uno
7	@emett55 TGIF is right...I think I broke my toe last night - on my bad foot.
7	Lack of sleep leads to major head ach
7	feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd
7	@lindyhot oh noo.. i cant see it
7	Our currency is dropping like nobodies business; not a good time to be going overseas  http://is.gd/JsgL
7	@JamaicaPanama im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
7	argh! why is the bathroom always closed when I'm late from my break and gotta pee?!!!!
7	Vent:  No one cares
7	@efefe http://twitpic.com/64g3b - i think so ! well,u're lucky
7	@thecapillary i noticed that you were on the same hallway....shitty   No worries about the BBQ....I'm hoping there will be more to come!!!
7	Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression
7	@caraann aww I miss driving down elmwood
7	wow its follow friday and i havent tweeted... Fail. And nobody has followed me today  dble fail. *suicide*
7	eye still hurts  I Think I'll go sleep now...
7	GAH! I have the headache from hell. Reminds me what my lovely wife goes through all too often
7	my day is going way too fast
7	@swiftkaratechop &quot;Jake Cologne&quot; from hollister makes every girl I hug go fucking nuts. Too bad I'm gay.
7	So glad the days almost over... Another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!
7	is in skwl now, and i dont really wanna study.. i saw him --&gt; J***I and makes me feel down..
7	@cleverindie This spine thing sounds no good  back exercises are no fun, best of luck hon.
7	@SourTwittles Hahahaha! I didn't know it said that, sheeeeittt! I don't get why I can't have a picture... bwaaaahhh
7	@TreoBenny ha! I know..I'm very ashamed.
7	@Gilove2dance Awww, *hugs* I wish I could help.
7	Dudes nothing to doon a friday
7	Rain on my parade of beer and fire
7	@jmariu i couldn't eat all my nuggets  finish them for me.
7	@Boy_Kill_Boy I is angry
7	Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight
7	Oh how today sucks....
7	@danachs I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	@djcommish @JuneBug143 Awww hey boo..  i know i miss all of them
7	@ddlovato How hard is it 2 be running back an forth constantly? Ya kno workin all the time, havin crazy sleepin schedules? Must be hard
7	is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
7	Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity
7	Sigh only 1 problem though i need to call Stooopid LIME aka Cable and Wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads
7	I think my phone has officially bit the dust.
7	Sitting in the car. My ipod is about to die so Im not gonna have anything to do.
7	@nezua i want to comment but don't understand what you're saying
7	I wish I could see dramafest SO BAD.
7	@el_juansimon God I'm bored. Wish we could've done something 2night!
7	Making a list of SiC 2009 attendances
7	at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, @jonathan305, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more
7	thinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.
7	@kidkierain yeah, that does sound a bit bad man... i got fucking exam week this week
7	is terrible at saving money..
7	Didn't expect to have a car accident, then the pain kick in 4 days later
7	I feel like a lost puppy without my phone.
7	@bktassava I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
7	She tells me that she feels miserable, so at least it's mutual.
7	Ugh I don't feel well again all of a sudden
7	Bella doesn't love me no more
7	I have a sore tummy
7	My picture won't update.
7	Graveyard charged my card twice (one correct total, one random amt) from last night's #atltweet tweetup. Check your accounts!
7	forgot to renew my drivers license
7	My cats sick.
7	I really need to invest in an elliptical machine... Running with shin splints sucks!!
7	Alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  She's going to have a nice, blue bruise.
7	@ Kosme -&gt; careful or you're going to be like me; updating websites and such on a Friday night
7	is very hungover
7	@ltyson yay asap lol awwh I miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the &quot;boy&quot; hahahaha
7	Jesus...I'm being SLAMMED via DM's from the Papaya lobbyists.  OK. Holy crap: Mangosteen, Durian or Papaya...or cybersecurity on a stick.
7	@bwexxx  i hope you hoes are having so much fun...not TOO much without me though lol
7	@Nevidge20 Kennedy was re-injured at RAW on Monday. He's got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist.
7	Took calculus exam today, I think that I did well. I messed up one derivative identity though  Well, I never miss that one again.
7	@akte a couple of YEARS? I may die without my Kateage.  *keeps fingers crossed for you tho*
7	I lost my voice
7	woke up early this morning  not happy bout that, headache, dizzy can't breathe, yeh im still sick
7	*cough cough hack hack
7	reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason, depressed about revision, nothing happened. Reason's worth it:Matt, ...after that? i dunno
7	@philwade unfortunatly, just about to start making my way home  but via Singapore for a gig too, so fun ain't over  just yet ;)
7	@JoeRuiz Ahhh, I slept through the game.  I'm gonna try my best to watch tomorrow though. I hope we play Army.
7	I'm really enjoying pins and needles in my legs at 01:28 in the morning... Not
7	@BSBVBK im trying to fix it.. it doesnt do it  and its &quot;ahi dios mio&quot; but u did good lol
7	Plans were taking flight to go out tonight but they're now sinking in the Hudson since I have to work in he morning. Stupid bird strike.
7	Coming to the end of a looooong day. Good new is, I got everything done! Bad news- I gotta wake up @ 4:45am tomorrow for work!
7	I'm bored. No internet. I haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet.
7	Im hungry and its cold
7	is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  Whats the plan for Saturday?
7	@keeleykerrins Dear god i hope they save it.  http://www.the-impossible-project.com/
7	hey there @larkn0298 how are you going? looking forward to weekend, sadly im workin both sat sun
7	@ZackRabbit i chewed up a Starbucks and a Subway gift card at Christmas time, I got in big trouble. I not allowed near purse.
7	@ahewitt Me too
7	Feels really sick. Just puked my guts out.    help, please.
7	@Cara62442 Just read those tweets and it sounded like i was getting on at you . I swear not what I meant to do
7	@KimSherrell maybe its because my computer committed suicide this week, but your &quot;faves&quot; link wont load
7	@refuse2bdefined nooo!! not too busy for you! EVER! SRSLY!  you are my pal! I'm not yet familiar with iphone twitter
7	@RealSmoothieLuv nope no love
7	@KRITM awe I am sorry, probably true.
7	Swollen face.....again
7	@DonnieWahlberg baby I'm in maryland I'm NOT gonna make it  BUT I will see ur sexy ass next sat in camden VIP....come early n hang!!!!!
7	has on music at work today its so painful
7	@socilover I wish I can see that. They have CNN here again, with no volume.
7	feeling sick and wondering if I should get out of bed to go throw up or just go to sleep...
7	@elmoberry @ejc7 - MISS YOU TWO!!! Find it random how all form of communication slows when I'm at home   -  I MISS LE2!! xxxx
7	chillin, wish i was with my pals in il
7	@Ur_Obsession lol but its only gonna be 80  the water will prob be cold as heck...
7	@DonnieWahlberg The Disney Store is not treating me to well with hours  I realy want to go on 6/13. I willdo anythig to go to the show ;-)
7	@mommy41402 yeah i need his fricken cell number ive tried his home for months and hes too busy. i miss braddddddddd
7	@ChasityNichole No dice...I searched it in the &quot;Help&quot; area...just a problem some people have.  It would have been hot...oh well
7	so far I've tried to kill myself TWICE in the 15 mins I've been outside by tripping on stupid things.  I knew I should've stayed in bed.
7	@BMatt95 ohhh. hm. I don't want to screw mine up
7	twitter has spam!!?? oh no
7	@katevoegele I wish you weren't going to a 19+ venue in Vancouver
7	@funkylovin  on your ani?  sorry
7	I have trouble with Starship troopers. They're mean to the great big pink bug.
7	there's nothing worse than getting a text about a dog that was abandoned in your town
7	@TheAliMonster  FTR I &lt;3 U and miss U on the team already
7	@ravels http://twitpic.com/67fs9 - I miss hearing you guys.  You will all be missed out here.
7	Dear god I'm so sleepy, and it's only 6:30. Must be sleep deprived. I even fell asleep sitting up. *groans* I'm I really that old?
7	Little kids annoy the hell outa me by being all active and shouting and attacking me Etc.
7	There are no appointments left for the day so they're trying to work me in. almost an hour for a stuck freaking power button FML
7	Lol I mean hey! That's mean
7	*sigh* another two out fly out for Papi
7	Oh god! I had to look at &quot;How to use Twitter&quot;.. how hopeless is that?!
7	seriously my parents are non stop  minniapolis, newport for a week, and now this weekend in San Diego  i miss them @home
7	They just admitted my grandma to the hospital... Shes my only last one  please pray for her
7	Ok, my job at walmart is a cart pusher  i hope i dont get sunburned
7	So lost  on my owm tryinh to find matter in the o2
7	junk food and movies in a tshirt and sweats.... the only way tonight would be better is if I had someone to hang with
7	Wondering if twitter will be fixed for my phone any time soon...
7	I'm getting more and more reactions when stroking the cat.  Now I have welts on my hands from where she caught me with her claws.
7	follow friday.. follow me coz i only have 26 followers...  (it's not 2am)
7	@3xasif lol. just don't ever forget me
7	shit....game starts in 30 min!!
7	poor wavves. had a meltdown in barcelona. drummer walked out. shoes were thrown. hands in face.
7	@LesbianCafe Sorry to hear that sweetness  have you taken anything for pain?
7	Nooo...i forgot my calculator for physics   oh well class is allmost over :3
7	@DonnaFirsty she fell into deep crack in the glacier  so terrible
7	@totalgunner Ive twitpic-we him before so you might be able to find him LOL. Aw thats so sad!  ooh piranhas? Scary lol
7	I WILL CRY!!!!!!!!    I can't believe that I lost the chat!!!
7	I should be paying my bills and not playing on here.
7	my hair hurts
7	Poor Little Hollie Steel...I really did feel for her!!  #bgt
7	@RQKidd Hey I texted you but you never responded. We stopped at a friend's &amp; ended up staying.
7	@eddyhendergrass that sounds like the scariest zombie dream ever.
7	I dont like things getting confused. Seems to be happening alot lately
7	Guys (@cotravelgirl @elaineellis @debindenver @joshclauss @pugofwar) I know! My ability to read time telling devices failed!
7	Sorry that your tummy hurts deathbyhistory  i got a tattoo like half an hour ago!
7	@karenhanson that plain sux. kinda like cheers goin off the air.
7	@AmberHope ME
7	@caroldn I feel like a piece of garbage!  See: http://bbltwt.com/nqgp3
7	soooo bored it aint funny.
7	i have a headache
7	thanks to the forever 21 curse that makes you spend 3 hours there everytime you go in, i couldnt go tanning today
7	You know when your FAT when someone points it out.  ugh...what an aweful day... I feel like breaking down.
7	ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr.
7	@AnastasiaEsper Aren't we though? lol He's at work now and I miss him  blah Wut cha up to?
7	My friend ..has cancelled on me for tomorrow, Now i have nothing to do...this makes me sad...  xxxxxx
7	sad.. Daniel is leaving Florida now.. just gave him a big hug
7	@KyleWade05 so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it
7	@goopmop i dont want you to go to india
7	Going out to Miranda shopping centre to spend time with the family, before going away for 2 weeks to Malaysia. Gonna miss them!
7	finds the hardest thing about being a Christian is to put God as first in his life.  I need help..
7	i'm going to kill myself T_T . i wasted hundreds of download and realised i got the wrong one
7	I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today
7	feel dpressed
7	@Hameed_Hemmat she's mad coz she purposely let you step on her foot, n thought you would give her a kiss to compensate, but you didn't
7	@yoyonb87 yep, so I damn it.
7	i miss my brother.  12 more days till he gets bac to tennessee. he said he was singing &quot;find my way bac to tennessee&quot; today. haha.
7	@Laurie_J We're in the same boat.
7	@cityofedmonton - the service on the west end of #yeg is a joke after 6pm. And the 2 and 150 been late doesn't help.  #yegtransit #fail
7	@coachreggie  She doesn't need a darn (watching my language) thing but that never stops her  &amp;   I mapped u. U live in the boonies :-o
7	Awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. Even though I had the air conditioning on FULL blast...I think it was the heat  He' ok now
7	Jus sittn here thinkin....wow yo my boy is really gone! Smh yo! Its bout to be 3 weeks on Sunday!  R.I.P VON
7	Having a bad day/week
7	@justdaydreams Lol rite! I'm scared now  lol
7	Circus was fun - I don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min
7	why did I get airbrushed nude, if soon as i put my dress on it messed it up a little...eerrrr
7	re-dyed the hair, early start tomorrow heading down to londons clothes show, great place to be when i feel fat.   bright side = motivation
7	@melissa_hope why?
7	Why must Jay Leno leave his own show
7	Justin is SO warm! It makes me worry when they have a high fever and I go to sleep.
7	@Marcina @bifnaked bif doesn't come down far enough south for me
7	@dustbunniesss i dont have a bank. i cash my shit at tom thumb. i've had four bank accounts--and they've all gone negative
7	yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring &amp; eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw.
7	Actually, I think I'll be more upset if I lost my data for Cake Mania 3. I was pretty far into the game
7	wow i'm soo hungover
7	@zarlana I took my ring out...
7	@rWilliamr I'm tryin not the be boring today . . . I just can't seem to come up with thing to say
7	@iDJExplicit What's wrong?
7	Stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off
7	Just got a shot on my arm. Eww.
7	I'm so sorry Drace  this sucks so bad
7	@tobefreeisme I would be scratching ma head toooo
7	Did some REAL window shopping and i found so many things i want that just happen to be over a hundred dollars.
7	It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
7	I still sound like a man!
7	@writingforlife You know I am so ashamed. I did not watch a single episode of the new GH season.  I kept falling asleep, so I gave up.
7	So I just failed my second year of med school. I don't know what to do or say.
7	@richardAmills ugh im not a vip  im always vippppppp
7	CHILLAXIN AT WORK...MAN I SCREWED UP
7	Guys my phone is dying!!!
7	But then again I think I'm the only who pays attention to this type of thing, bout to hit this bush and pretend its purple.....
7	@DentonPolice http://twitpic.com/5wb0k - what a mess. we're missing the bra strap.
7	@BrineandBastard What??  Nooooooooo      There goes my weekend!
7	@MelissaPan ah the Computer's not in my room  on BBerry right now, and Youtube charges D: !! Heyy, how about you, aren't you tired XD?
7	Well, looks like it is going to be another night without my snuggle bug  Missing my Big Girl.
7	Wow no one loves me  @stuntmann88
7	Whats is up with me! I am spilling everything
7	ughh...i dont feel good
7	mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. LOL, having way too much fun being bored.  i miss him
7	@nodirectionhome biglots by my house has jesus &amp; virgin mary rings in one of those machines i rocked one for a while til that shit broke
7	argh! my embouchure= FAIL! makes me sad
7	@itsjenwilliams Im at work!
7	Bible study cancelled   Study partner started new job with horrible hrs - Pls pray for her that hrs improve and she knows God's  provision
7	House hunting for next year= No FUN!
7	@mileycyrus aww homesick  i feel you! im homesick for my 2nd home, campp
7	hmm, do not feel like writing monthly reports tonight!  probably should get started though...
7	@ThisStarChild  hope yer ok hunny
7	Still no pic, very sad
7	i want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh.
7	just took my shirt off and my back is COVERED in blisters  http://bit.ly/vUiXG
7	going to bed its late and I have headache
7	@sarahbellafina I'll try but silly silly tweetdeck being mean to me again
7	@bignupehen i would but i have nowhere to go and no one to go with
7	Rachel and chelsey left me and jenny stole my bike.  that makes me muy triste!
7	Still raining here in The Bay...I forget what sunshine looks like !
7	Watchin Grease 2 and waiting for 9 to hurry up and come so I can talk to my girl. Ugh..... it seems so far away...
7	@alow8111 went to wingstop without me
7	@InNoSenseLost I know. But it won't be the same
7	could be getting sacked soon not good
7	Just remembered I still have a summer project to do.  IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!
7	i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guys, sorry
7	Nuggets game with everyoneeeee except @almedina4.
7	I really wish i would hear from josh
7	Saturday will be the worst Saturday I've had in ages
7	@beadqueen That doesn't sound fun
7	Is about to see Adriana off for a month
7	Bummer... Might not make it to the sunday show, hopefully some sun will shine on this cloudy day
7	@teleject Grrrrrrrr................
7	Is not going to service tonight due to the fact that i've yet to find a dress for prom tomorrow. Ugh
7	at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
7	@alydenisof Maybe someone is trying to hack you
7	@Media_Molecule play my shitty levels :-D I got a bit too ambitious on one and broke the thermometer  so it only got half done!
7	Just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. They are alive at least. Don't know much else.
7	@baba_booey it doesn't make up for the pitch
7	wants New Moon.  AHH Im going crazy.
7	@FlyGyrl1 I been following.... LOL.. just dont be paying attention to little ol Mylan
7	@TheComputerNerd so haven't seen any videos the last few days  hope everything is ok...
7	@tomasgomez i miss you too
7	i dont want the seniors to leave
7	@SarahBawcum my mom wants to lay. We'll be there later. Probably a little after 10. And @AyyMedlin I'm sorry you're sick
7	Theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
7	@xoxoJennxoxox i did a couple hours ago...ive got sun burn and its really uncomfortable
7	can i have some followers :' ( ... i'm so sad...    NOW THAT I'M LOSING HOPE -pressure
7	@katevoegele Why aren't you coming to Montreal?
7	I have test tomorrow but i dont study, then i go very bad
7	Im so down! The AC in my house just broke
7	@emperorliu my dick feels smaller when i look at you
7	Can't find any pictures  !!!
7	not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything &amp; everybody
7	@Holls77 haha I tried covering it with make up.. It doesn't work  lol so wearing a scarf is the way to go.
7	my PC just died... again. now i have to find a firewire to save all those photos i havent backed up to the mac yet
7	@Greek4Honeybee oh no...where did your sunshine go?    *hands you a few rays of light...will this help a bit?*   ******hugs******
7	http://tinyurl.com/ateltl &lt;-- Rocksteady pt II
7	not goin tto tafe
7	Waiting for an email that will probably never arrive. ED later, Consti study after then hopeless bumming.
7	@chaoscartel That is annoying. What gear is it? I'll take it off your hands
7	I just want this semester to be over! Only a week and a half then it's moving time!
7	@JRHIGHTOWER  you told me u would be there...lol! Hmmmm where were u.....
7	http://twitpic.com/4j8us - It is interesting that VS2003 generates a setup script for uninstall.
7	@RealBillBailey Morning! Are u back in blighty Bill? Hope u had a lovely time away
7	I am up and feeling pretty damn gud! I dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling
7	Drinkin' Chai tea and not sleeping.. and checkin' out some cool peeps
7	@KatiexCobraYo awww boo! I fucking lovee doing all the girly thingss
7	@ifixitlive Hey never realized that you also get a Twitter account.  Your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me.
7	@bebeisis  thanks bebeisis that is right is your name by any chanve elisabeth???
7	@justinchuan Awww!  I was thinking about you lot up there!  Glad you enjoyed it.
7	@YaaaaZ so don't bother urself
7	@BroncMurphy  I agree people should be able to cohabitate with whomever they choose
7	@Jocey17 ITS A BANK HOLIDAY STUPID!! wait, they don't have bank holidays in America... Okay keep on celebreting
7	@michael611 would you settle for a 76 Mustang II Ghia? ...nope... probably would not be the same
7	@thatglamchick ok.... tx  it's so worth the wait! lol...***
7	@urbansmiler Is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? Afraid to look at list.
7	@xxm0rgann aww morgan, i wish i could have realized that a while ago instead of putting myself through it.. your strong and i love you&lt;3
7	@MsSdot23 and thats why your azz lost hater lol  love you
7	Waiting on laundry to finish so I can go HOME. Think I'll do my nails while I wait
7	Fancy is a 187 hun got u doin things u aint never done
7	Have lots 2do as usual! laundry, thanking God, cleaning house, praising God, cutting the hedge and thanking and praising God some more!
7	the era of the word - 'UN' (not united nations lar) is coming on fast - Unconference, Unreason, ... better get those domains !
7	@mybellavita just clicked on your bio. You're in Cantazaro!? Have been to Italy several times. But never Calabria!
7	@creampuffs_star v. good. i thought you were registered na?
7	I should sleep. I've got like 5-6 hours to sleep before work. Then I've got Tuesday- Thursday off... sweet
7	@ainzneal LOL  I'm the night owl queen - why you up?
7	@daisytalk yeah, I had a suspicion about that!! I think I'm going to come home and want to spend a ton of money on tools!
7	i'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!!
7	@snedwan Mooooooooornin'  How are you? Are your legs ok?
7	@Meghaaa lol. sounds like don't call me babe  have done that too !! have you thought that over ?
7	Realizing that I don't have school today... or tomorrow... or for the next few months.  I really need to get on those job applications!
7	@ShalG  aaah k..am like a fan incarnated,so kinda like a mutant. till date, Ghalib has never *yet* left my questions unanswered
7	YES! Im down to 50% full on my dvr  i was at 98% like 3 days ago... lol I swear if I didnt have a dvr I would never watch tv
7	making mashed potatoes, and vegies to go with @JoelyRighteous's t-bone steak for when he gets home
7	right guys i have to go
7	@monnie Not really, injured so can't do much exercise. The KG's are coming on already. Also still looking to rent some place!!  Fun times!
7	@maxiec Hope the train remembers the way - they can go a bit loopy on bank holidays
7	@taaaschi It's driving you insane? Really? It's Sterling Knight playing Chad Dylan Cooper on Sonny With A Chance
7	Seen the doctor today. Everything was fine! Might go for ultrasound scan just as a precaution
7	Bruno arghhhh i cant wait
7	based on the similarity between &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; and &quot;May the force be with you&quot; today it's the &quot;Star Wars Day&quot;
7	@ryanodonnell Can't you guys do something on CO-OP about Grim Fandango? Don't you wanna see it on XBLA/PSN? Call Tony Plana!  Call Tim!!
7	@AgesTheGreat tell him ill beat him up if he doesnt share
7	@coliwilso  not much blipping lately, but i'll get onto that for you.
7	What a great day! Time with some family, an amazing voice studio party at my prof's home, and a finance study date with @allyson_marie!
7	Hey dudes, 4AM. Please check out my blog at http://stevencohmer.blogspot.com and my youtube channel http://youtube.com/stevencohmer
7	@atlteabagged ur not blind  i was just browsing &amp; saw ur tweet &amp; figured i could answer ur query plus i wanted to know too
7	@Broooooke_ omg and you never would believe what we did. ahaha, i loved it. but it felt like a movie, but REAL!!
7	LOL! Made a huge mess of my school shirt, was using charcoal sticks in 2D art
7	@shadiya I hope you were feeling better today!
7	@Aquilaquail Lol - I could have written that - would be good to have 2 Mondays this week, then I might catch up x
7	@clarissa61190 and if you want to leaveeeee I can guranteee, you won't find nobody, else like meeee
7	night night dollies  you are al so amazing
7	@mmitchelldaviss THAT WAS SICK! i was like 'oh no, she's gonna hit the kid.' which is probably the usual response. i am oh so original
7	@DonnieWahlberg so wish I was there with ya, but at 6:48am Belgian time I was sleeping...time diff sucks. Take me there!
7	@beccaRAR I like to support my friends  It's sad that I'm your only friend though
7	@Free2b_you Ah! Haha that's exciting. If I ever come to Australia we are definitely gonna have a movie night, FYI
7	@langleyjoel @jenn_langley Hi guys! Guess who has Twitter on her phone now? Me!
7	i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
7	trying to figure it out
7	@ work. Reachable on my mobile...
7	http://twitpic.com/4j9eo this is  how it looks at nights
7	@jaybranch  Hey thats good, my Daughter's still asleep and Son is drawing, better feed him v soon
7	@WollemiPine probably because it's getting chilly here
7	must be time to go home - yes indeedy
7	@b_club wished I could have been there last night. Sounds like it was rocking! Can't wait to see pix or vids
7	http://twitpic.com/4j9fb - I really love this picture!
7	@LILELLAY i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
7	@Samproof Black Russians makes me think of a &quot;white russian&quot; and this movie quotation: &quot;that rug really tied the room together.&quot;
7	They don't know that I like him cause I've never ask them bout him.oh well I guess your right. I feel abit better now
7	@xthemusic did you drink too much? the best cure is a fry up
7	@hellivina you work really hard so, sometimes you need a break, haha.  so, yeah...just let me know if you need help in anythin'.
7	@daxxbondoc thanks Daxx you too!  God Bless you brother!
7	@MissxMarisa Borat is just so damn quotable.   ++ do you want the link to it?
7	@rhettroberts sexxxxxxxy  I had a silly weekend with my bff =P Fun times! Haha
7	is sitting in her nan's bathroom dying her hair for the x factor auditions tomorrow
7	@kyleandjackieo or, Green Day: boulevard of broken dream, Hinder: lips of an angel, Howie Day: collide - that was such a nice song
7	ITO EN Tea Apple IS DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! (looks like I need to go to Don Quihote to buy more!!) goodnight
7	Been invited to join a group in Second Life called &quot;Ballistic Autistics&quot;.  Cute name.
7	@CarlosPoulet Are you a night owl or what? Always on here as the same time as myself  Enjoy your scifi show.
7	@SchoolBoyQ L0l uhm; you need to just wife up mary jane cuz that's all you talk about!
7	think he caught swine flu, cant do test tmorow. sorry school
7	nothing right now to do
7	Wow... I was tricked into the #hoppusday hype today....
7	gonna get a tan. i am so white
7	@kkkrista  anytime..  Why ya gonna be up so late?
7	heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food.
7	@lyssiecc prettty goooooooood   going to daaaaaancing in a mo and havnt studied much for maths :|
7	In 24hrs time I will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam, scary. I am working hard this morning though, and feeling ok about it atm
7	@Robviktum Warm and muggy after Tuesday possible t-storms, but not as widespread, possibly severe too
7	She doesn't believe spending many (many) thousands on a perfect wedding makes a happy couple.....A happy couple makes a perfect wedding
7	@LisaHartwell What up Lisa, sorta quiet... I'm USA, so gonna crash soon.
7	@stephaniehealy Past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! It all helps
7	@Icethevillain DAMMIT! lets have a private session
7	omg i just slept like 18hrs in the last 22hrs...  i think i'm dying or something   reminds me of catcher
7	@Brandonhobelman i hope everything works out for you at school  keep me updated and have a good day!
7	- arrggh kids that won't settle....need some Kava for Liam, that'll sort 'em...
7	@Asfaq dude, saw your Twitter profile after a long time - love the background. way way cool!
7	3 hours @FrazzleYeah oh my. Is it shorts weather do you know. I'd do my usual hanging out my window but the neighbours are out.
7	converting the Armin Only - Imagine concert for my iPhone... fun fun
7	@janeyha I'm stuck with BOO!!!! Jeeeez shoot me now
7	@sonwright I'm an iPhone owner, so I don't really have a choice on which media player I use. FYI Apple makes terrible Windows software
7	@nicobyrne we miss you in SE Asia. Come visit us when you have time.
7	X-Men:Wolverine was hot! I say go watch it
7	@papelpicado And a good morning to you!  Up early with a bad conscience, trying to make up for taking a day off yesterday, are we? :p
7	@mommymuse Thanks for the hint.  http://tinyurl.com/chtx7e.
7	@1mgoldstars morning  about to tackle armhole prob - may have a solution not involving tape, will update you!
7	I know @Sadie_marie. It text me.
7	blame it on the goose gotcha feelin loose, blame it on the tron gotcha in the zone;; michelle...this is your fault. lol.
7	,,,checked del's new blogsite!!! YAHOO!!! im just excited to what it will bring  go del!
7	@mintea Good idea! I'll have to remove all the old receipts, tissue paper and other nonsense before I can take a pic
7	At the uni just learned I only had one class today. About to go home
7	I alreay feel the hang over. Soooo worth it
7	Spent the last 2 years largely ambivalent about s/w dev practices. Can feel care factor returning. Look out!
7	@kekeinaction LOVE your show  !
7	i really need to earn money... so that i can watch the PCD concert
7	@BoltClock Hmm, I will hear more.
7	my birthday chicken  http://bit.ly/whbuv
7	@ebruchez Feels good?  Now the hardest part will be to keep it empty every day. Or at least several times a week.
7	@mooddisorders what are you? flavor of the day?
7	http://twitpic.com/4ja12 - we were bored
7	Of back off other peoples he can only have one stalker
7	I'm getting 'A Nervous Tic Motion of The Head (To The Left)'  when thinking about tonight
7	@danhitmusic whats the next movie review going to be? You're like wossy of brum. Just more controversial
7	studying for my exam tomorrow @ 2 &amp; packin up!
7	@DavidArchie the script are amaaazing! Rusty halo and i'm yours are my favourites
7	better finish off an order for this little guy first tho   http://tinyurl.com/cltln9 Time to go   Cheerio an Drasda!
7	LOL!!  I'm glad I've seen the original trailer or that wouldn't have made sense     Someone certainly went to a lot... http://bit.ly/A0pyr
7	@lhanni Welcome to Twitter... It's about time!
7	@sevitzdotcom 'auto-resolve' is that a Geek/tech answer to most questions??
7	@jdpeterson I say the same about poems. When you are ready to write, &quot;nothing else matters&quot; as a well known song tells us
7	@tommcfly what did the times say? and thank you
7	@iantalbot Writing or making sense ?
7	@jordanknight TINK! (whatever the f**k it means!!) from your JKUK girls! Show us some love! ;)  xx
7	@charmainehan SEND ME THAT PHOTO MAN  ily favourite
7	@lu_lu Just one part of a very odd trip. You travel for 3 months you see some weirdness. Loved Perth though
7	@prateekgupta yeah.. gives me something useless to crib abt
7	Thank you for the follow @christinelu!  Looking forward to your tweets...
7	Quiet day at work 2day.Just had dinner. Whats doin out there?
7	Cool. Cant wait for dustbin baby
7	Wee are going to the movies tonight to see Wolverine
7	@jenniclarephoto Sometimes (although I usually go willingly  ) Don't know about the Churnet Valley event though.
7	@mitchschroeder Omedetou!! That's truly exciting, but expected, news! Decisions decisions  Please let me know as soon as you 'know'?
7	@SimonFilmer Alough I will hold you to your word now for when I need rain
7	@endsiny No worries doll, its what Im here for! I luvs you! Tomorrow is a brand new day!  *Hugs*
7	@tommcfly could you post a link to the internet version of the times so that I can read it pllleeeaaassseeeeee!!!!
7	@Medros I'll try my best to be there!
7	why i chose iphone   http://tr.im/kpaE
7	HMV opens in half an our...better go get ready
7	@UncleCreepy You can get into Canada, but I can't?  WTF!!!   (Seriously, I'm not allowed to cross the border!)
7	Ustream replay for Control Your Rankings.  http://www.controlyourrankings.com/launch1/ustream.html
7	@cocont123 I don't know how you do it
7	@beauknows good luck going to sleep. i'm up working on a stupid paper. no worries. ur not alone.  so u ready to record that album or what?
7	@pauljacobson if you want conversation, use email/mailing lists. I'm not convinced '140 chars and less' replies are conversation
7	@tommcfly good thing really, 'cause you're never getting rid of us.  please don't leave us.
7	is a movie afficionado. I might just as well write about the films i watch.
7	@Lizzi_85 Aaaargh help -it's a conspiracy LOL! How are you today Lizzi?
7	Zs.Nagy presents  http://www.nordugrid.org/manuals.html
7	@eminem http://twitpic.com/4j585 - HAHA nice, now I need an iPhone
7	@MisssV33 it's 3:37 am, i am going to sleep now. but i be back up in 4 hours...lol. good night
7	Back home from the Wookie household. Now to dive into edits on Nemesis.  Or maybe I should work on Dusk of Death. Hmm...
7	@URIENATOR go on msn. i need to talk to you about something that happened today
7	@steviekaye thats what andy said a few hours ago....I HOPE THEY ACTUALLY ARE
7	@falkingo Thanks. Have a blessed day too
7	Arrrr better half made me brekkie in bed. Weather not 2 gud in Black Country 2day but we won't let it put the dampers on our planned bbq
7	is having this massive headache! and all i want to do is eat some nachos..
7	@clicktokill scared what I may think of myself 2 yrs later, looking at the pix
7	@mashable Thanks to TweetStats, I confirmed what I long suspected: Twitter is keeping me up way too late!  http://tr.im/kpc1 @tweetstats
7	@KankzXD ohh I know her from church .. she got me into mcfly
7	Lookin for work via online, watchin ShayCarl's latest vlog entry on youtube and textin a lady friend.  My beds calling my name though..
7	@News3David    can I get in on this?! @Cherynstone  3 way call !!
7	@grooveshark I'm having elevated error rates... StreamKeys not found, and then connection problems. Server migration isn't easy, huh  ?
7	Remind me to get out &amp; take a pic of my blooming clematis before the wind storm tomorrow.
7	Back to work today but I don't even mind.
7	Feeling considerably better after 13 hours sleep  still not right though...
7	@Moni7D well then take your sexy ass to sleep then foo.  how as your weekend mami?
7	english p1 done.  i refuse to countdown, it makes me sad. off to shower and take a nap...
7	@ayeashleigh good. yeah i am fine thanks. just dreading history tomorrow, not in the mood for hyperactive 20 year olds lmao
7	Have been practicing for the last 40 minutes. I don't think 40 minutes will suffice for 7-days worth... More later
7	@McflyMadEmma Little Louisa is number 3 trying to get number one!  XX
7	@SupaStarCity hahah i sowwie hun  whats up thoe ?
7	@TomFelton hope you have a good flight
7	@TiaSparkles  Yeah, I should at least try myself.  Have a good night &amp; visit with the Chiro tmrw!
7	hope's she see her bestie today
7	Well... I hate to leave.... but I must sleep! G'night y'all and hope to chat later!  Enjoy my li'l night owls!
7	@bellelumiere So I could just do my own thing without having to live up to any expectations
7	where is the rain please come out
7	My dad is taking me to school &amp; picking me up tomoz. Plus I have drama almost all day. Score bludge day
7	is planning for surviving financial status after quitting my job, gotta find a new job within 4 months
7	@angela_lyle Okay, und was ist mit Deinem Auto?
7	@comedyqueen dont make plans mite go out tho if i can b bothered 2 get out ma pjs!
7	I feel like an M&amp;M McFlurry  mmm... But I won't get one coz I need to look good for when I go to the States!!! 7 weeks 2 go aaaaahhhh!!!
7	In regard to knowledge, I am like the little robot in the movie &quot;Short Circuit.&quot; I am always crying out: &quot;Imput! Imput!&quot;
7	@ljs777 for the most part, not enough space on one drive to properly defrag, nowhere else to put stuff, but yeah, reassembled
7	@BevClement I don't think we talk much about Banks these days - not quite as respected as they once were
7	making Shell join twitter so I have a follower
7	I hope I'm doing something right. Had an influx of reviews on a 1 year old fan fic telling me they love my style of writing for HP.
7	is obviously getting bored celebrating summer! ) And now listening to music and eating some pizza.
7	Scrubs tonight (8.00pm). woo!
7	@bettytes hey bettiye,  i did see her. stay tuned for videos and blog  hows was obsessed?? i need to get thru exams then imma watch it
7	I hadn't realised how Long it had been since I was last 'tweeting'... Now I'm on here I don't know what to say  x
7	@zhayrar whoa rad ! coffee makes me stay up all night
7	@TeamCyrus  you`re welcome  how are you?
7	@Zingtoh Who knows, maybe someday you'll come home and find... *gasp* DINNER in your FRIDGE!
7	@StephanieMxx Yeah, I try 2 chat wif all too. It can b hard to find tweeps online @ the same time sometimes
7	@ElvisHsiao Haha great, ok don't eat too many or you'll feel sick
7	Another water leak in my appartement. The good side is that I get to meet the girls previous &amp; next floors
7	@AnitaBreakSoon Oh I'm on a roll now with these oldies!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jeu7
7	LaLaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
7	just arrived at @eurodjangocon, on about 150 fellows i can't see a girl!
7	Where art thou @niokiaquino? I miss you!
7	Cloudy day in Berlin. Just about right to sit in front of a computer all day
7	LaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
7	@IDrive_Online When will the maintanance end? I would like to backup some stuff.
7	Listening to music, Texting . umm Msn lol.  bit bored . lol. Garth Brooks wooo i love him hehe . &lt;3
7	Kaze the Knight. Third level, a lamp, a wish. Got fixed SDSM (first thought was about rubber chicken but hey)  #nethack
7	just had steamed fish w/ oyster sauce
7	@KrisColvin I would advise watching it in the cinema. I am sure the effects are worth it. Unless you have a monster TV at home
7	@MissxMarisa Hell unlucky! :O and and it comes out next week here.
7	is amazed as to how artificial one can be  its just soo itchyyy
7	@katcal always wanted to see that film never got round to it must get it on DVD tell me if its any good
7	@Faz4980 thanks  and ill cross my fingers for you, that the rain will stop
7	@MrMiistro that's good. Im ok aye!!! a little stressed but fine
7	@rvailleux : woot please post a pic, I won't recognize you without it
7	@rizkyinayati heeeey good luck for unair sweet!
7	Good morning twitter world.raining in dingle- hopefully means a busy day for me
7	just got home had a major daily tset today. its math and i wish i got 6 or more
7	wellity! i think ima gonna clean my room :| Gay. i need to read a good book. sense and sensibility here we come! BEAT THE LILY
7	Dear God please let me wake up before 11:45 AM tomorrow lol Got plans  Tonight was lets pick on Hero night. grow up, get a job, etc. lolz
7	@mike_taff_jones  Oh and...NEVAR USE KDE IT IS MADE OF FAIL!
7	@fajarjasmin i'm a huge fan of Take That since i was a baby.. Yeah, 6 months really feels like 5 months.
7	Reading Breaking Dawn
7	@ohmanitsjessa I KNOW! I KNOW!...stop clapping
7	@BlondMobile not sure if i need to hear what VC's think.  There's been problems in their business models..  Will the momo thing be good?
7	Listening to Distorting a Code by Spinnerette and just cant wait to get my hands on their full length
7	@taylorgodwin it is, and its shiny and if i could marry it i would.   ps. im good, you?
7	@JLSOfficial ... but i could barely speak! He was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' LOOOOL. Say sorry to him for me please?  x &lt;3
7	@grentone No trips planned yet but I'll let you know if there is
7	@SmilinNursAnnie now that's an imtetsting visual.
7	doesnt have a hangover  and is getting ready for a good ol' english fry up
7	@Nikkiko Congrats on your new phone!
7	@luluberry_0981 LOL I was going to do some homework, but kind of got distracted... Again...  Goodnight!
7	Haha. It's pretty good  they're making something with chicken  yum!
7	@ Nickchien @chaubella_ i am happy to break my twitter virginity with you two.
7	Yay! I just fixed my blog's CSS problem that messed up the design
7	never thought my daughter would want to borrow my clothes... even less that she would suggest that i borrow hers... luckily it didnt fit
7	i'm actually starting to quite like lily allen and her music, to be honest.
7	loves the way the sky looks now i.e. no cloud at all.  but that would only mean that it's ultra hot outside.... http://plurk.com/p/rpb7t
7	@AnsamsKitchen  walah me 2 still i am not getting the full idea
7	@EricaNurney Nah... to be honest, I'm not a 'drinker' as such....  would rather have a protein shake and go for a run LOL
7	@imogenheap AM's good for us GMT-ish people, I think.  Looking forward to it and hope you're batteries &amp; laptop will be recharged soon.
7	I'm a new french girl in Twitter! And I speak English very bad
7	my myspace profile is OLLLD NEWSZ i need to editeditedittt
7	@tyhowells Not swine flu I hope! Take care of your health mate  Tell me about your business derek_bell@mac.com
7	@player112345 Good Morrow! How are you this fair morn?
7	@nanashambles I don't have any
7	is watching wolverine at last.
7	@inrsoul yup. That's the thing. I think 3 is kinda acceptable and reasonable for proper lighting and fill in.  U can run away with 2 tho
7	@UKLisaW btw, i am actually just trying to get my own lazy bottom in gear.  Me lots to do to and still not dressed !
7	I must have just missed @Slackadjusterr @Markinark &amp; I guess I scared @ARealRedneck &amp; @SilverSurfer_TX off...  Sorry
7	@fossiloflife Leave multitasking to us women  @prateekgupta
7	shut up.
7	@Parascience house probably resembling your kind of heaven no?  maybe Ciaran's angels have moved in with you, hence inability to locate!
7	@Sixxjohn well then close your pretty eyes and count boring sheep  you'll be sleeping in no time
7	Ok back later, have a great time regardless of the weather  PS I'm only a BB away!
7	Getting back my English minor exam soon. dum dum dum duuuum. Me and Margrete had a burping comp. haha. I WON
7	@sawwaa I wish I could work like you, dude...
7	@karinber Yes babe, you're so welcome!
7	@JeffShemano of course LOL about to eat more
7	@krissysalisbury Oh, don't spoil my fun, lol
7	@willadam Granted, it won't do that, either
7	looking for my self... be right back.
7	@Jen_christie keep the faith it'll be over soon
7	Going to see star trek
7	@A_warwounds_C I feel ya pain, I've got myself a nasty cold too. Get better soon
7	More big hair rock for bank holiday Monday always seems fitting IMO  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfuu
7	@robertrich the no tweeting guilt trip didn't stop you huh?  I felt so bad!
7	Lots of money  some DVDs and this cute thing!!! http://twitpic.com/4jble
7	@lexia first ripping off the bbc design, now bebo? For shame..
7	I'm hurtling headlong into a day of spanish and art. but my view is: after tomorrow it's just REVISION and extra frees
7	@hnprashanth I can understand!
7	@ankeshk @ankeshk I don't think I like this Roy Williams who dissects frogs while still alive &gt;  You look like Chachi from Happy Days
7	Is off to London
7	@joeconway ahhh.. what about the others? like #hoppusday and etc? I'm such a spazz
7	have been to portugal. and spain. and has a sore throat. scary?
7	@Littlepiddle1 hey chicLit whats happening? Just trying to promote my business, it's really hard!
7	@Moonshayde I hope you aren't allergic to dust  Choc or syrup?
7	@LeahJKelly Well, all I can do, is pray for you.....
7	@jeffreecuntstar decent Australian guys are hard to find...trust me, you're better off with an American one
7	@DannyjClayton star wars ............ is gay BOO??? i wanna do your jobe HAND IT OVER  u can act as me at my high school   LOL
7	@jetskiworld  Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...
7	@Aligonzalez43 its ok. im juz curious
7	@Echarlotte hi on twitter!!!LOL..i don't use it very much. its confusing sometimes. but yay!!!7 more days bubble!!!eeek  xx
7	@locuta did I miss something??
7	@mcevoy1rachael yupp t's better than people being rude to her  x
7	@dpressman well well...so sorry! let's dance  it's fabulous hobby
7	My mom and my little sister're gonna be back home soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon
7	I feel so stupid for saying this, but.... I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TWITTER SOME ONE PLEASE HELP ME. Ppl please do not laugh, ok laugh but...
7	@Karen230683 lol good..glad to hear it! I was totally paranoid when i bit of hair touched my ear or cheek, was mad! Ha! How's you?
7	@hobbit_gd whoaa kinda hard :O that one that you think will be interesting enough to tell
7	my n95 hacked  no signing needed.. thx OPDA
7	but im not complaining.
7	@horstp funny that. We had outgoing email issues most of the day too. Thank the gods for seperate adsl2 connections
7	i've just woken up
7	happy bank holiday Monday, Tweeteramas! I'll be spending the day doing yoga and having OCD attacks. You?
7	@allthatglitrs21 - 21 days to go  Happy birthday for then
7	@Emmieman and what a scary reflection it was! thought you were going to wizz your pants
7	curious if they fixed the window handle in our room in the meantime  #edc
7	@roshnimo ask @RajaSen to create a fake competetion and declare you the winner and then gift you a return ticket courtesy the producers.
7	At LA Fitness, at work right now.....pretty busy morning
7	ok my friend is about to dye my hair black scary i know, ill try to post some pics tonight if not tomorrow for ur verdict
7	@fudgecrumpet hope it isnt too hot a summer then.hows little one today,being good i hope.lol
7	@lyssiecc haha good phone conversation cat lady! You're gonna be homeless too  you didn't tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
7	@AnnieBGoode Yes, that would be pretty creepy. I think its all a bit more innocent than that, I think he just wants to sell some icecream
7	Wishing it was a sunny day, then I might just be bothered to get outta bed! ..up the blues
7	Not only has it broken but it's Monday!!Does this mean Monday can be fix'd?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgio
7	@the_anke What's wrong with the ski slopes of MK? They've got coffee shops as well y'know!
7	@Dichenlachman Yea, D means direct, so only u and whoever u send it to can see it  But u can only direct msg someone who's following u..
7	&quot;No more sorrow&quot;! by: Linkin Park....
7	Getting ready for school, good mood already
7	@echsizzles I am in Kuala Lumpur. And I know I vanished, haha! I broke up with my last boyfriend, that's why I'm back!
7	I totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
7	Morning  don't ask me why I'm up so early
7	OMG. Missed bus, walking miles, for a coffee  Went to see my ex-classmates
7	@willembuchner I'm putting in Societe Generale in China. Very interesting stuff but has me away too much ... gotta fix that!
7	@DeveshM just had a look - missed out by a couple of hours, i'm sorry. i'll let you know next time..
7	@TheRealNobody thanks  i'm up every night all night. bad sleeping schedule lol why are you still up?
7	@KiransMommy I know all about the awful shifts! And he should feel better after he gets tubes in his ears on May 12th but thank you
7	Just leaving rainy forks, starting the long journey home! Rachel, if ur reading this, dont worry il send the stuff as soon as i get back
7	@IYL86 Well yeah, the hormone things basically a given  thought he had misbehaved specifically to upset your mom and you.
7	@LovefromNaja Fresh change from hearing i write sins hey!!?? Not that theres anything wrong with that!
7	Been working on a framework for web based #SL application. Have product registration, server, login, site, security, &amp; comms all done
7	Is going to be off line for the rest of the day. Made some progress on a game over the weekend. @lvturner you may not like me again.
7	Star Wars day? I didn't know there was a such thing  May the force, be with you &lt;3
7	Creating your business in The US from France looks quiet easy
7	sooo 5 days till I take off  sun and sea u're waiting for meeee can't say if i can get all my stuff packed up in time.. &lt;3 Guadeloupe &lt;3
7	@snagy no other reason? I wonder if she loves you
7	@SmellTheRainbow really .. least u wont hav 2 put up wiv him
7	@rohant yeah that will keep my mid section down
7	is so hungover. what a crazy night. i'm also in the bad books with mother!!
7	good morning guys!  experimental chemistry test this morning :s wish me luck!
7	@knighttcat Oh man 3 in a day?? Torture much?! Well good luck there too!! I have exams for 19 days.How stupid? Soon we will party right?
7	ok, 1st ginormous cup of coffee down, monday looking much better to me.
7	Dump my boyfriend, find a much much better man and the girl can get a nice knuckle sandwich from moi
7	@Coughran Soon I hope... Really need to finish the cloning project so I can get more done
7	just a week left till radio:active dvd come out! i really can't wait
7	@marinesetwas dann mach mal!  #12seconds
7	@caluvminwoo  Way too many people indeed... I only recognize the Chinese guy... LOL
7	Market whn goes lower also problem and when it goes like a wild bull also problem
7	@Amileegrant its hilarious
7	@AKAVirtualPA Kat Stewart did a great job with a great character not that I watched #underbelly in Victoria
7	Shower/traffic/factory yaaaay
7	@stephenfry  I've been single so long all I have is a Hans Solo
7	It's 6 am, I haven't been to bed yet, and I just got my second wind.  Guess I should edit or read or something until I feel tired huh?
7	@paminnewzealand Hiya! You might want to delete and retweet - the link to your blog doesn't work
7	3 days of frisbee, three nights of partying and sprained ligaments. Can't imagine a better long weekend
7	i want to see go:audio, someone take me please?  5DAYS(L)
7	Going to bed  how's ever reading this
7	@VideoHive Here's getting cold.. And I got my coffee break 2 minutes ago. Enjoy your drink
7	Hope it becomes okay soon @samaliksi
7	@forrrrrrrrrrest http://twitpic.com/4jazs - Congratulations! You two are adorable. Beautiful ring too!
7	@Shauntrice my bad homie
7	Unlike cierra, i look like poop today. Whatevahh, lol.
7	*flop* back after going out to bag #geocache GC1QR2R nice hide.
7	writing my english original writing storyyyyy. and listening to 'a little respect' by erasure  aaaaaah.
7	@yumecouk haha, nice wheels. Victoria will be doing her own peddling thankfully, the boys will get the free ride
7	Happy star wars day! May the fourth be with you
7	@Epiphora  I'd have read it but I'm not sure you would have wanted my opinion
7	i  miss my boyfriend so much like you don't even know ;/ but in 2 hours i'll see his oval face
7	It's going to be a good week
7	now going to watch the brand new episode of 'The Hills'  cant wait!!
7	In a rush....   Lunchtime anyway
7	morning.. just,  going to destroy a few more  trees in aid of research
7	@learymay Oooh... that's right by the zoo... think... in 2 months' time that could be our regular other meeting place
7	@EmmaJaney ohh, yeah well. im sick today so i win
7	@silmy Bandung, my hehe but I'm home now
7	@craigend I only do computers. Am hopeless at everything else
7	collage. what is feminism?
7	@dipfico: hmmm, wrong link, ignore my tweet
7	@lauVanExel @Ramoso, just dont understand what's it got to do with me. I'm just a nice girl
7	@superrichguy werd. that's very true
7	@lameBIRDIE aw its okay tht happened wid me too..am so glad thts OVER now!am not helpin here am i?!?lol thnx for postin WMIAD  loved it
7	@hot30 how do you win the trip to america? please reply xo
7	Woke up at 10am, my alarm didnt wake me up so @samm_xo did by sending me the best text!
7	wonders what some dancers have against glitter? Just don't wear it. Don't create a whiny group about it. Ok, I'm done.
7	@sucka99 yep 14 days whoop
7	@dannykurily awww hope you get better
7	And gadget show today  Can today be any better?
7	@1sweetwhirl  It's a pleasure , Will be wary of girlie marshmallows from now on lol  You might have saved my life .lol ;-)
7	@patently and yes, I have seen your comment and yes, I did have the right answer.  I'll get over it.
7	@JamieLynnMB i had my son when i was 16.he's now 10..and twins at 19,age doesnt matter! there are worse parents out there that are older!
7	No more tickets for today.  Having dinner with Mimcy after work, then we head home. Then again, she might get a call
7	@SWIFTas omg evie. we have to do our plan for hot 30 tomorrow night
7	@ElonNarai Ugh, looks like you'll have some work to do . Good luck
7	hopefully today will work in our favor
7	hmm... now what to do today... i suppose i could revise for my science test :/ or i could just eat cookies and watch films
7	Tanya is jealous because I'm Mike's new favorite  It's because he tried to kiss me over the weekend....pictures to follow at 95sx.com
7	so the Today show still hasn't gotten in touch with me, i wish they would so i can take my friends and myself to the NKOTB show
7	@buglegirl Thanks! I'm not quite ready for a marathon yet -- if at all, not this year anyway.
7	@David_Henrie oh my god, yeah! that cake looks delish! i hope you shared it! haha.
7	@Vixster25 Internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn I'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
7	@shakeyz09 so I take it, it wasn't the best weekend?
7	@bsweens haha they might! good luck if you're taking it as well  i'm hoping I get a 1 for putting my name down
7	@wajeeha i hope you knew its due tuesday
7	@coollike FAIL
7	@inks Does it hurt? How much you lost?
7	@Vixster25 I cant it... gets pissy if I unplug it when its not finished hahaha
7	I Miss Daddy and Mommy
7	@Dee_Staack Pfft ... i dont have the guts .. YOU TELL HIM  and say its a fundraiser like .. PFFT
7	but I am one in a million
7	@tommcfly Hey Tom. Have your plans to make an concert in Denmark this year?  please reply xxx
7	msn-ing. no school  shouldn't there be more bank holidays? x
7	@fylaviedanat flo can spell antidisestablishmentarianism off the top of her head. wait i just did
7	@NickieNix why are you eating at 4 am, after party munchies??? guess that means no more denny's
7	@GeekWearsPrada Wasn't all bad #celtics won! But yeah, hope the #redsox do better. Good morning BTW.
7	@DejaMeade For the record, Madina Lake played your song third.  At least your enjoyed The Audition though?
7	#MQM has opted to strike, May 12th - Altaf bhai to unveil what really happened in #Karachi  http://tinyurl.com/c73ehq
7	Nugget bit Jack. I told him not to poke the poor hamster!
7	rcb trashes mumbai indians....  i feel bad for mumbai indians, they just didn't know what hit him...
7	Back from a wonderful vacation. Had perfect weather and now back to the rainy 'burgh and reality.
7	@karuski try again, minna  i edited quickly, sorry!
7	another lazy day i supposee
7	@johnnyrcooper go to bed mister! u need your beauty sleep
7	@crazyspeak so give me a quick update grace, you've quit the foodland job and you start at JB's tomorrow full time? heaps exciting
7	Fixing openbox theme a little
7	@Lindseyyx3 I think the x3 is confusing ;-) can't believe that many peeps will know that it should be a heart
7	I really need a job.
7	thinking my fridge may be dieing...please not this week...pleeeeeassseee!!!
7	Am heading into lovely Suffolk to a nice pub.  May tweet later, but hopefully I'll be too distrcated
7	@ronskie66 not got virgin yet... not sure I can, tbh ... thanks anyway!
7	@cottonpanty Miss you my dear
7	@boburnham I'm sorry you're feeling bad, hope you get better soon... you know, if the plague doesn't getcha.
7	@Xenooo ohhh. i didn't log on there, pity me. was it great?
7	Is feeling surprisingly fresh after a 12hr bender
7	Head in the clouds
7	thinking of getting new dvds, csi.  can't wait to get my laptop.
7	Gonna go to my aunts party. It's gonna be a late night thing so hopfully I can get up for school tomorrow!
7	@nottheword yum, yum.  I love quesadillas....and wallpaper for that matter tooo
7	@RiceRabbit Baking WIN! Thanks for that!
7	just finished Wander Girl for the nth time-- Hilda Gallares is truly a kindred soul.
7	@mccy you do realize tom fletcher from mcfly JUST posted basically the same thing!! TWINS!
7	Thank you all so much! Hopefully everything will be okay  Tons of kisses to all of you ) http://tinyurl.com/dxa8xg
7	@FRUITofDOOM Not sure if this is good or bad news for you, but you are listed as staff: http://www.thesixthaxis.com/staff/
7	@MacQuid You're a fine looking set of neighbours, I must say! Lots of compliments have been showered upon your header graphic too
7	One of my kits has just brought in a mouse &amp; is eating it in the lobby. I'm sure I feed them enough!
7	hey twitter! i'm back online!
7	*shriek* Bee almost flew here from window. I'm not afraid of spiders or zombies in my dreams..But I run when bee is in same room with me.
7	F.Y.I. a lot of you people that are following me i have unfollowed a lot of you  yer kinda boring me or not really helpful to my e-growth!
7	@michaelmknight oh i wish my dear Michael, i wish
7	has one more paper left
7	@aplusk oh good luck on the movie
7	@GintareAuglyte hey  how are you?  x
7	@iHolleeee Okaii Cool!  I Can't Wait For The Series To Begin It's Guna Be Awesome  x
7	@x3f  dude they renamed it to something no one will remember &amp; find even harder 2 joke about. Its a myth  to keep u scared
7	@lyssiecc i like the positivity  And no. you may NOT change your carrer. crazyb dog lady just isn't the same.... when's your maths test? x
7	@tubbyloo same with drunk guests.. Our jobs are pretty similar sometimes
7	@jonconnelly will add that. It should be hard really to keep track of 500 avatars.
7	@andycroll can you repeat what was bad about singapore pools website please?
7	@cnn Any others jobs like this available? Sounds like a great experience. Direct message if you know of any others.
7	$900 cheque to cash tomorrow, why I didn't get it in the bank I have no idea. Feel safe to get the 500D now though  woooo
7	kicking back at home
7	Watched Australia last night and got to say bloody fantastic film with the added bonus of Hugh Jackman  definitely a got to see movie.
7	is going for morrisons breakfast with my boy today  wooooooooooo.
7	@theblowups just be careful you don't dunk too long
7	@minnaryyni Heh, aye. I should have investigated properly first before asking  Does seem like it's not the most obvious thing though.
7	@aworldinside ngl, my favourite thing about wikipedia sometimes is that it makes wookiepedia such an easy pisstake.
7	@EllaPaigeBabe hey im back  i replyed xxx
7	If I could only update my status in just one place....
7	@ColinMackay I think I left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. Oops. Just say Excellent for everything  Found out about it from you
7	@aussie_ali  that wretched Blue nun has you in her clutches Miss Ali!!!!!  S L O    W  down
7	School can blow me. He looks nice today thoughh.
7	Goodmorning world
7	Neglecting the boy, apparently... I'm outro, for real life
7	@girlgamy you can also watch Family Guy online. www.fancast.com  And yes I am a total shill.
7	@iantalbot You're still welcome - the door's wide enough for your zimmer frame
7	Good morning twitterland. Happy Monday
7	Still Doing Grench paper and still getting distracted
7	@cbear80 indeedy! weather crappy then, god now. pity its dark! :O hopefully it stays dry!
7	Goood Afternooon
7	Being involved in requirements and architecture is nice and all, but now I'm looking forward to writing some code!
7	@GeeEmm There will be NO vidoe evidence!  I can't wait, though. Now I just need 2 find a regular partner if I end up loving it!
7	I'm going into a spiritual stagnentation, its exploding my ego!. I now realise, i'm not all that great. and I'm ok with that.
7	OMG!! im sooo lazyy... i can't believe im googling for a command/app to close the CD tray.. i tried telekinesis, didn't quite work though
7	@mcarvin I don't feel too bad, but not sure to what I should attribute that. Could be cold &amp; flu meds; nap; alcohol; or getting better...
7	@bmthofficial i am seeing you in sydney in 12 days for the third time
7	@_xotashhh I love having days off school, I had one on friday too
7	Download movie  &quot;Still Waiting...&quot; http://tinyurl.com/d9g8sj cool #movie
7	@Catwoman123 Have a good one
7	@qatesiuradewyo I would cry a little. Wait...no I mean, the mechanical army would be -so- pleased to have proper representation. X-me!
7	implementing will_paginate  on my website; i love rails
7	listening to varsity fanclub
7	@Wil_Anderson your tweets were awesome  fuck the heat. That's what dencorub is for
7	@LauriM could do, will the fact that its bank holiday make any difference? lemme check my money situation also
7	@morganmg starbucks? I thought u were trying to b good?!
7	@talktomikesmith yep. but  what does it mean?!  Would you think outside the box to make name very clear what exactly is wrapped and why
7	@fawn_s  Accept it, you can't do anything, can you?
7	4th may officially announced as 'bad luck day' ..
7	@DhruvChadha welcome back to school, don't study too hard, take time off and smell roses too
7	@BecaBear 1000 = make sure it has the word poo or balls in it  Underbelly DOES suck balls... I gave up on it in wk 3.
7	Working on Canada Shoots information.  Coming your way soon if you have expressed interest and I have your email address . Eh!!!
7	hopes tonight is an okay night
7	trying to record my audio source, maybe I need a specific program @vhadZe I'm good thank you  hehe
7	@davidspruell Just ripping here.  That ad buy I was going to speak w/you about looks to be on hold for a bit. Company changed hands. :-/
7	Awsome workout! Shower n then work, nice
7	Trued a rim!  I'm getting good at this! o_O
7	@dholbach Sounds good. &quot;This patch was brought to you by ...&quot;
7	claires party was amazing!    headache.
7	@nanere awwww... I'm sorry! I changed the picture... just for you! Because you rock like that!
7	@Apachekiller Should I worry?
7	When you see someone without a smile pass them yours
7	@Oprah an oprah guest if ever i saw one  http://tinyurl.com/d39x4n
7	@sebby_peek mkay :/ did you tell him on msn? bfgurelgbsr yeah, i guess so, i don't know if i like it, i'll wait till i get your opinion
7	feelin' somewhat down; ugh, i don't want to have an exam! oh well... 5 days baby!
7	@jimrhiz last reply  a scholar in US Homeland Security said an ontology was created for it &quot;and everybody hated it[s prescription].&quot;
7	school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day
7	Ride bmx on the beach in Burgas, after careoke night
7	@Shazmir b/c you catnapped...cats always have weird dreams
7	@HamzaZafar That's the problem. DNS isn't working  uTorrent and DestroyTwitter are working while everything else is down.
7	@hueypriest guess that depends on if you want to be on the jury
7	@natalietran not to seem like some crazy paedofile typing with one hand and fiddling with my willy in the other but you the coolest ever
7	@katie_andhearts Fingers crossed
7	@Taddy69 Not good, I know that feeling. Hope you get well soon.
7	@leeprovoost the movie takes a lot of digs at the Indian Movie Industry so may not much sense, unless you have followed it long enough
7	@faceofboe you need to play something from Mary Poppins at them, everyone knows that's how rooms get tidy
7	Download speeds are now unlimited until further notice
7	off to pick up my daughters who appear to be picking up an unhealthy liking for primark...feel like a bad parent
7	@lise90 I've had that &quot;problem&quot; too, being charmed fast, I mean. I'll cross my fingers for you
7	@jordandroid It's Star Wars day?! Urgh I'm gonna have to get the videos out
7	I love when ryans a housewife. Makes me smile.
7	School then football then with alecceeee
7	@IRON100 personally, I could not decide which election sign to place on North40 last fall : Reagan 08, TJefferson 08 or TRoosevelt 08
7	@createtomorrow good morning! Got to be afternoon in Germany
7	@RonRuys Oh i see. My grandparents were from Ilocos as well, but they moved to Nueva Ecija
7	@leeboardman oh dear, hope you are feeling better soon, get some nice hot chicken soup down you.
7	back home early for once  - wow this thing is getting addictive..................damn u phil XD
7	@lovemedown yay! your face is back
7	still feeling BLAH. gave a biiiiig dose of insulin that i needed about 24 hours ago. Now I'm off to take my last exam of my junior year.
7	jst came back from tel aviv
7	@nixgeek I could, but that would require today not to be a duvet day. I imagine that my outfit for the Wendyhouse will be photo worthy
7	http://twitpic.com/4jeij - New forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds
7	@mariqueen Thanks for the warning. Good thing my heart is unbreakable.
7	planning! and trying to call the doctor, though that isn't going so well. So mostly, planning
7	@janeslee oh dear, thats not good - I hope you get through it all with a smile
7	In hysterics at Yaas' email &lt;3 Am writing a speech for Speakers' and doing Food Technology...damn it's good to be off school on a Monday
7	@badabam no, sry, didn't feel well at all. but there'll be another change I believe  hope FFK09 was fun with lots of inspiring input.
7	@topsurf no worries
7	@evatweets feel better soon! Your immune system must be away on holiday somewhere... probably with mine
7	Get yer freak on-it's Monday! Have a Great one, if it's possible to have a great Monday!
7	could barely sleep last night, ugh...ANYWAYS good luck with finals everybody!!! don't rush through your tests!!! lol
7	wish he could that would b better
7	is taking the dog to the vet then a play date with Annabelle
7	Listening my own playing on a friends album and being disgusted by every second of it... Damn I suck.  Normal reaction. Every album.
7	@corinnedekker hi again, sorry was going to pass on your email to my assistant (Rel and Soc) and lost it. dm it to me, pls?
7	Baby baby, it's gonna be all right when I'm by your side and the whole world turns against you... I ? it when my Ipod randoms BSB songs
7	@newslite so our bums really do look big it this
7	@thomasfiss hmm so late. Well its early for me.. HA
7	back from sql. finals tomorrow...new video today
7	So many freebies for all my JBnoy friends  SPAM THREAD SOON.
7	@biggboymgmt alright alright! I will be tuning in and taking notes - remember what I said before (got a spot? raising my handz - both
7	@MonstarPink Yeah, I wanted to say this, that there's a @ yourname section.  A bit tricky way to find your replies, tho.
7	@GBglass LOL, my wife was teaching me how to eat them without sending the little soybeans flying. It was unsuccessful.
7	And this is what happens when Swine Flu gets to all of us.  http://tinyurl.com/55hq2o
7	@selenagomez Hi S, plz follow me
7	@mattstout Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
7	@queensnyprinces Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
7	@youmeatsix haha i love the auditions new album
7	@james_a_hart ah.. Birmingham! I remember being there in the Wrox days
7	@kiranchetrycnn Kiran, Sorry about ur bad land'g: Hope ur neck feels better. At least, u didn't break it like JD. Btw, ur in fine shape.
7	gooooooodmorning world(: god bless, and have a great day!
7	@Mateocamargo way i bought it today aswell now i have it twice cos i pre ordered it aswell  cya later x!
7	@ImajicArt same thing happens to me all the time
7	Hahah. Love them!
7	Hanging out with @tomlazar and the Berlin Jarn guys.  http://yfrog.com/8c36ej
7	@zoopedup Have you noticed that we're at the beginning of what may be the worst recession since the 1930's ?
7	@hintswen oh.. Hope they will throw something useful at you next time.. actually no, hope you won't bump into them again heh
7	http://www.facebook.com/pages/HelloTxt/73275306275 this message is posted on HelloTxt Facebook Fan page through HelloTxt, check it out
7	@Bournemouthecho 'answers on a postcard'?! What century are you in?
7	Rosie to the vet. Routine shots and bordatella.
7	Tried on all the shoes in new look
7	@fobchick08 You lucky girl. Tell me all about it, 'kay?
7	@SasaLoves bahaha.. Weekends are just too short.. Esp when it's nice out! I wanna stop time like evie on outta this world! Morning!
7	@RiceRabbit Looks like you've had another culinary success, Sarah.
7	@ChrisCuomo DO NOT DO IT  I've seen enough  movies to &quot;know&quot; that something terrible will happen... LOL
7	@PinkLeopardPrnt WORD!!!!!
7	Coffee brewing, on this #musicmonday morning i'm #listening to the fray... Here's to a good week
7	went 2 see the hannah montana movie wiv jodie on friday and it was WELL GOOD but i feel nasty for laughing at the lil girl that cryed LOL
7	@FawnBZee
7	@sharagrif what a riot..now you can tell you're friends you've got chlamydia..but you're hoping to get pox-syphilis soon
7	Blogging-- http://13tolife.us/ Mentioning links to contests where you might just win a free book or two!
7	26 days till 18  cant wait.
7	@britneyspears I hope that if I were to run up on stage with you one day,u wouldnt kick me off.&amp; U would booty pop with me.
7	Im am going to send some twits to some folk...............
7	@therecordlife wow. have a safe trip back home  and we're all begging you, please come back to bloomington as soon as you can!
7	I just arrived in the office.. I am preparing myself for a very busy day, listening Debussy.... those songs always makes me feel better
7	@nm you're fine - trying to kill off the bots and retweets in a bid to be the least popular person on Twitter. Btw, who are you ??
7	Killing people  no not realy O.o just bored although it does sound like fun
7	@gjr02 I can't work out if you're into diesel or rice burners.
7	@greggrunberg http://twitpic.com/4jdtj - have a safe journey back home hope you come back soon
7	Sinus infection ): Damn brother. Anyways, Night
7	The geographY was an exam today!But turned out well  OMG on Wednesday will a English exam xD   I woul'd be very nervous...
7	@rossyflossy haha i get my senior license next friday!!!!
7	@sir_benzo the first step to recory is admitting it.
7	i hope unni will make the audition . fighting dahye unni !
7	Hey, im chillin right now, gettin ready for school   Mohawk Kidd
7	I'm bored of being lazy.  Away to shower and go out!
7	i deffinately need to clean my bookbag. but no time! i need to leave in the next 5 seconds to not be late to school. ...oh well
7	@joshtastic1 so you are like the rest of us on this miserable bank holiday.then LOL
7	@iamSteveZapp I've noticed!  enjoy another rainy day!
7	@AngryYoungMan2 Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
7	@alxconn Sorry to hear that.  Keep the faith though.  I might not be as bad as you think.
7	@Holger_bbA Ooh, nice  Well I guess not nice at the moment, being windy and rainy. But I like rain
7	@baknitter haha IE...it's expensive!!!! Hm...let me message you later
7	Is watching the final Underbelly
7	@Rhonddalad yeah hun it was a good night  my ankile is even more fucked now tho
7	getting my phone back this week  yeeeewww
7	@agriggs8 is what it takes, I am soooo dragging his ass up there!
7	@inkspotworkshop he'll be 3 in july! I'm just soo stoked!!!!  Especially since he sleeps with us LOL  He refuses to wear diapers anymore
7	Done with FNR on Fox Charlotte. About to record online commentary. Find it at www.myfoxcharlotte.com under Rising tab. Great team @ FNR
7	@anthonyqkiernan Ha! PC and router have been off and on again many times, I assure you.  Funny thing is the laptop and phone connect fine!
7	@swbuehler don't let him hear you
7	last class at 10:30. One final tomorrow and 2 finals on friday!
7	@skrobertson thanks  i have to finish schoolwork today, no rehearsal tonight though. what ru doing?
7	@pob34 done pots,had lunch now eatin chocolate.LOL
7	Shoutout to Reyah my fellow Philly homegirl we're both making the best of hard situations  (PUSH) pray until something happens.. much love
7	I just used UnTweeps to unfollow 5 Tweeps who haven't tweeted recently. http://untweeps.com. Goed idee @Loesje
7	Doing homework , and then , BBALL!
7	not ideal bank holiday conditions.. a little over cast and rainy but perfect for a lazy day with a dvd
7	I wish i had a smartphone with an irc app. That'd be pretty cool.
7	@Stephanie0285 So...I was half asleep when I wrote the previous message. Greatest friends !!haha  You are!!
7	&quot;Friends are the same soul different bodies.&quot; Plato
7	Just got home, doing art all day.. i want to be in a film
7	@elsekramer  Yeah the spammers are discriminating: none of the females  are part of the target group apparently
7	getting ready to preach at church this sunday...first time back in over 6 months....especially for mother's day
7	10.11PM~ todays a drag for me. so bored. im about to get into the romance book so i prob wont be on til the morn  night twitter babes ;)
7	@LaBarceloneta Haha!  I'm convinced you'd be great at it.
7	@JArmintrout love your books
7	Working on a bank holiday, but I don't mind - it's all good fun
7	watching old skool fall out boy vids
7	@Wossy Get a dachshund they are awesome at getting stuck in silly places I should know I breed them!
7	@Joestains That's great to hear!
7	Watching 5 children and it.  i really should be studying. I'll start soon :[
7	learning for school now ...
7	@kittyfisher Are they both still talking to you then?
7	@leannarenee hope sequel edits go well   me and my notebook will be looking for a place to sit after pt ;)
7	me, here again!
7	Yeah yesterday I turned 16. My parents rented me out a hummer limo. It was pretty cool
7	Happy Monday tweeples... hope it wasn't to hard to get out of bed and back in gear!
7	if i buy the petit financiers under the guise of a gift for someone else, maybe then i won't feel guilty about eating them.
7	@training...
7	@YESandME Mornin' birdie!  Have a fun-filled day sweets.
7	@mayleeen He won't. I know he won't.
7	60 days today  i can't believe it's been 2 months. i'm nervous about what i'm gonna say later. but i'm gonna keep comin back.
7	Planning to run riot in Luton today! BA HAA!  Not reeeally  where's the library in this (skank) town though?
7	@leamcfly17 can I help in any way?
7	@scottiejen Good luck Jen, all the best  Am sure it will be fine
7	@shiv379 Try have a read of the Paul Mckenna book I Can Make You Thin, it has some good advice on how bad traditional &quot;diets&quot; are
7	UGGG my computer is running SOOO SLOW today, it's driving me batty! Guess its time to remove files and defrag AGAIN UGG want a MAC
7	@iantalbot Gosh I've a stinky old headache. Maybe I should have lunchfast
7	@ddlovato I wish I could've been there. Demi, you need to throw in a Toronto, Canada show this summer! Please
7	@gtfo dreamwidth, a new journaling site that just went into open beta.
7	@maximCH  there's finally time, it's raining  and the hockey doesn't start until 4   Good idea for a myepisodes.com script, but it's me.
7	@Blue_MandM Helaas.. En thanks!
7	off to friendss for theree birthdayy.  X
7	its really incredibly gross outside, so im hoping to get alot done int he house today!  including pics on the blog! morning friends!
7	is cheering on the Arsenal Ladies!!    and missing my M...x
7	Possible case of H1N1 at Ft. Knox (KY) http://tiny.cc/gNYq7. Note: this is for info purposes only, so there's still no need to panic
7	@LaurenDayMakeup good morning hun! i loved the movie what happens in vegas~ it is such a good movie
7	computers are a great distraction-but sometimes you should be exercising to getting your chores done instead.
7	@justinlevy I know! I'm so slow its horrible. DON'T TELL ON ME!
7	@death_by_spork we shall see
7	@Shahrukh_Khan oh please, you don't have to do that to me. Don't bother
7	@jerzicua fuck it. You don't look well. You have to go home.
7	...is worried / hopeful that I cought giardia from the foam tonight
7	yup, def swine flu. I think it was the sausage.
7	time for me to go to bed. Am very tired. catch up with you all in a couple of days when I land &amp; recover from flying to Denmark
7	@JessicaKnows @bethenny I have one fastsmallballbuster'y question. &amp; I promise not to weirdherout w/the fact it MAY be on my visionboard
7	@DianaRusso night Diana and if you travel soon take care
7	i want you to text me first everyday, not me
7	@SandyU I know! I'm totally excited
7	@icyjoey don't frown my lil aussie, I still love you! *muah*
7	@ShelleyStudioS Major Fail. Since you asked
7	@Farung now Eating and meeting at the same time sigh well well I want to start work out too but will have to wait move to my new house
7	working late.. but yet so fun hearing my colleagues funny song lists
7	Good Morning!
7	@HerbsandTea Our garden has never looked so good thanks to all the Spring rain. Of course it helped that I spent 4 days weeding it
7	@ben_mayer I'd like to see a picture of you, Carl and John where everyone can read from your faces you're proud of and you love eachother
7	LAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZY MONDAY !! Bank Holiday  Nicole why haven't u direct msged me yet ?!!!
7	@nicolagreco K - I can hack if I have directions   have multiple social net sites &amp; I think this is a cool add but we chose not 2 go MU
7	Need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit's cage too. That's about it that really needs to be done... doable
7	@theloz from your fevered imagination, my son
7	so tired from school and work. shower than neighboures.
7	@Sweet_Cake just  little stomach bug, nothing serious
7	@LisaPietsch thanks for reading my blog. and for laughing at MY PERILS AND TRAGEDIES! ****Cries****
7	@Rubenerd Pulp Fiction in King William Street.
7	So I'm waiting in front of the DPS so Julian can take his driving test.
7	@purplelace424 ya mine too but for very different reason
7	@suzemart lol it was kinda funny.
7	@TechSmith whatever u want us to wear / stick / show off around DUMBO Brooklyn &amp; Manhattan
7	@chriscuzzy you seem desperate,that says probly enough
7	you can see the coffee table again!! @dagnyreardon...so when r u cominging  over 2 insult me into cleaning the rest of the house?
7	has two finals left today, then starts her big girl job tomorrow
7	@SaraDfromCali So far everybody look good !  1 more momma goat to kid this month!  Hope she has them this week!!
7	Monday mornin', back to work today. Good thing I live my job.
7	Tweetioi in class is a real problem  =Taylor=
7	Starting a new diet today. I don't want to get fat. Besides, its almost bathing suit season! *lol*
7	Final final of the semester
7	Twitter you suck
7	@MichaelHewitt I'm not posh enough to read Tatler
7	helllooooo boston legal
7	@steph_rose Mornin' !  Missed dance time, so I guess I will have to dance extra hard tomorrow...
7	why yes jeeves. bring me that noose there  TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS!
7	@tommytrc The race was Saturday night. Jimmie didn't do so great. He's still in 3rd place
7	I wish I could sleep forever
7	@Irish1974 Tell me about it. I spend 20 of the 45 min in the morning on computer. Doesn't leave a lot of time 4 showering &amp; hair-do'ing.
7	Am I the next Blumenthal?!
7	Going lay down, I'll get up officially @ 1! Yes 1! lol Good(night) again!
7	@louhhh Thanks
7	@martinschecter your knowledge of X-men is starting to scare me
7	@lisalisad1 I only came across viva la juicy on fri, no testers only body lotion in the store.... but i defo need to get it asap
7	@wdthem But can you breathe OK?
7	Is Charleston bound for the day
7	@tsarnick Ohhhh I don't know ;) an older mature lady?
7	Hi ho  hi ho it's off to work we go
7	@animalhouse4384 All is well..That ends well! &lt; unless of course well times the power of three = the sum of ends if X being All
7	@alphamoongirl I'd love to but I think the trek from London would be a bit too much
7	I think its time for a snack  Then to get day 7 sent out... oh the procrastination
7	@WorkInColour It was a pain worse then death!  The Dell is just a boat anchor with a power cord or a very ugly paperweight!
7	@catcloud Yes, Cathy.  (Ordinarily, I don't have much of a problem with naked girls chasing me, however!  )
7	Back in the office after a great &quot;Student Round-Up Event&quot; last Thu and Fri. Thank you very much for coming. I was great to meet y'all.
7	@Cranialstrain It often pays to wait
7	@Jamie_127 LOL Just remember how it was after my car accident
7	@tomsorrells I know we need it but I'm not a fan of daily rain/humidity &amp; I'm a native. I'll enjoy dry while it lasts.
7	@dannywood Oh It was marathon sex? mahasha
7	@machinemaria ...oh. hahahahahaha but no, seriously, i tell the wait staff they look great all the time, its the easiest nice thing to do
7	@jeremydmiller ok... maybe not angry... just with very little sense
7	@sarieanne Eat it, it's good for you
7	calling mum too ask if she can by ice-cream
7	@zedshaw I didn't mean you were incompetent! But I totally am
7	@WirelessWoman yes but 75% are on the wrong wireless plan
7	Haven't a clue about this twitter!
7	@brotherjesse The ball is in motion. I have to type up concepts in outline format we could develop those to ensure we deliver greatness
7	5-4-09 what do you think ill be doing tonight
7	@rockeye I might give it another go.
7	@TSapi1 I saw your tweet a couple of weeks ago that had that hashtag, so wanted to contribute since I am a huge Mitch fan
7	@catholicgirlyz ohhhhh with ya
7	Passed 700,000 views of my YouTube videos
7	@garlicdog  I think your friend is thinking of Jonathan, not Danny
7	@ambernclark babe i'm just fuckin around!  just bored!  no need to worry
7	@talkmaster You realize you just did @inkspotworkshop a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC.
7	Listening to my favourite song... ALLAH KE BANDE HASDE
7	@WorkingDaze_Roy i tell them it's facebook minus everything but the status updates.
7	Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least
7	Working on a PR plan. Then it is on to awards.
7	@terrymyers My son would freak for the Falcon
7	@red_sunflower yeah, somehow it was one  i'm hoping for someone to have taped it *iz coward herself*
7	@IanJenkin don't worry they are use to it, we always give them grief, they usually take it well!!!  nearly always!
7	@Arcania, in about two hours I'm setting out on a 600-mile drive home. Mostly I'm hoping it goes quickly.
7	I got the ticket dismissed
7	Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!  http://tr.im/kq95
7	@SplitRockRanch Hey Split Rock -- I'd know that llama anywhere
7	I saw nomes on twitter  but I'm still not waking up
7	@dannywood I guessed right, like 25 minutes ago...do you even see your replies....lol
7	@tommcfly since '05
7	@MtBonez OR, just make someone walk on ur back?? I'm a professional back walker-on'er  I could use that too, on the lower regions!
7	@dougiemcfly If i say PLEASE REPLY TO ME DOUGIE, will you do it? I double dare you
7	isnt going to school because theres no point.
7	@maxime68 i know! that's why i recommend it
7	@JoelyRighteous no, silly, to shoot other shoppers with  though a taser is probably the more humane penalty for 12 items in 5 item line
7	@dannywood i was sweating 2 but i didnt see u there
7	Off the road this week
7	Goodnight all
7	@jersey39 Thank you   I've had anxiety issues for years so I think if I can make it through the first couple of days then I will be fine.
7	While I remember, Nerd Hurdles rocks  Especially the tale of the currency of ironpoodonia
7	@pimpyouriphone  Me to, oh well maybe one day
7	@reddhed The pics should be up later today at www.dosriosrestaurant.com!
7	@amitcb Chabibi. It's a long running joke. I don't give a flying fuck if anyone follows me at all!
7	@medscholar08 thanks.. but im not sure im comfortable with such a sudden surge.. will be difficult to keep in touch with every1..
7	@Maritzasylvia Hmm.. didn't get the DM, are you sure it didn't go to someone else?
7	So im playing hooky from work and it feels good  Gonna go get ma hair did! .......i wonder how fitzsimmons is doing?
7	@helianniina Listened to it again coz you reminded me. This is so depressing.  ? http://blip.fm/~5joo9
7	Bank holiday = rain. Superb. But a great excuse not to start gardening in the jungle at the back of our house. Eating it is then...
7	I've done nothing today apart from moan,whinge,moan
7	@andymooseman Yeah. About damn time. My film SLR just sits there quietly being ignored. It's time to step up!
7	@chi_gurl woot
7	@RonnyakaTrauma morning you
7	@nottypooch yeahh! i am very happy with my pendant, and hope to see you in future fairs. ps. good mini muffin
7	Going to jog down to uni. Quite a way from my family home but exercise and all that
7	@destroytoday thanks! I'm totally bushed today though time for some coding
7	@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you Monica
7	Omfg this test is a joke.
7	Fuck im suppose to leave in 10 minutes, im naked, hair wet and no make up. Im going to look interesting today
7	@raynja yup, our coke blades :B annnd now i only need the blades to make them X). but soon enough, soon enough...
7	@dermaesthetix I empathise luvvie, I dont personally understand a grown mans need to dress in tartan in search for a little white ball
7	terence cao over-dose  im fainting.
7	Coffee in hand and sun shining in my window.  Hope everyone's having a great Monday morning so far! #monday - MR
7	Dragging myself to work, missed my fitness class this morn. Need one more weekend day
7	I'm feeling so weak and tired from seating down in front of the pc. I really need to study for my HA long quiz.
7	@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you too Monica
7	@erinmmoore if we actually watch it, yes we can admit it... our popular culture doesn't define our Christianity!
7	@purely_distel Maybe u have natural ability for languages  I envy u on that !!
7	@SteveS86 Not true, you can get worse burns today... don't forget sunscreen
7	on the london eye. Awesome but feel a bit sick. Madame Tussaud's next
7	What am I doing? I'm sitting here wondering why I am twittering  Is anyone really listening??
7	@kidbraindoc just hope the tunnel is wide enough that you can get out of the way!
7	one final down, two more to go!! wish me luck!! no a great effort!!
7	Leaving for work.. 5:30 can't get here soon enough!  hope everyone has a great day!
7	@Michael_Cera That is so awesome  awwww.
7	@pativalen im going to have to  i hardly ever travel!
7	@tristyB thanks, I couldn't find a way around it on iTunes though, found a little app called Switch that did the job nicely
7	@RaDollasHpc what you laughing at over there  got strawberries?
7	On my way to a final...the roads are really wet... :-/ hmmm.. Slipandslide!!!!!!!!
7	@HilzFuld Were have you been?
7	@GemmaCampbell you coming on myspaceee? if yr doing work though dnt bother
7	The Wedding is over everyone has gone home, newlyweds are off to Canada and finally, there is quiet! And I'm late for work
7	@ThisIsRobThomas Did you know its Star Wars Day today... May the 4th be with you!
7	@loic I need to check your TOS, Loic. Are you allowed to sleep? I don't remember any mention of sleep there...
7	@outrageousJavi oh I see
7	Working technology! I love you WAZ!
7	@rockeye AHHH you follow the dark side too..  night
7	What to do what to do!!!! need to do my show reel nxt week...then start applying for editing jobs  Rock climbing tomos I hope
7	@MissCindyBaby  I wasn't tryin to call you out, I just remember my dad ALWAYS had my ass late. He never got in trouble, I did.
7	@ToriForNow haha.. you were actually in violations of someone's trademark?! okay..  Yeah, I went to bed at 4 and I had to be up at 6. :[
7	made a mysql table with 150 entries  wrote a shellscript for this... while-do-done, a lot of echo and a list generated by ls Videos/ &gt;list
7	watching matilda with a bowl of noodles
7	@KimmiMcFly Ah lol okay. Thanks
7	Well hopefully I'll see you both @rasikakrishna @chrisloos at the conference
7	straightening my hair
7	@sugarghc heyy sweety  how did it go at advanced training? waht r u doing?? *hugz*xxxxxxxxxx
7	@iamdpbeltran where is home??
7	New pic.... Twitter is finally letting me change my pic.  For those that missed it, Fannish Inquisition is now @Fannish please follow
7	im feeling the burn of the last 4 days..gonna chill play xbox and watch stuff all day
7	Apparently the BIG FEAR over the swine flu has passed.   No seat on the subway for me this morning
7	Hey @robluketic nawwwww pity no show no more lol great while it lasted though aye   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
7	Working from home today. Got the flu, not the SWINE though
7	@MysticFearie I want chocolate!
7	gay culture is increasing in india,govt has to make new laws such as wat will be charges if a boy tease a boy nd wat if a boy rapes a boy
7	will deplurk! GAH!! need to concentrate on Jap! Visit my http://jynxedpanda.com (site) if you have time  heh... http://plurk.com/p/rr2ly
7	@parachutesfail Okay, cool. Hope you had better dreams than you had last week.
7	@ChloeChloe Ahh thats where i go the 6 year old fact. good old radio one!  what exams do you have tomorrow?
7	Good Monday morning to everyone- Hope everyone's week is off to a successful start
7	@jcdietrich Same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... I can't believe how much crap I own !
7	Getting ready for college. I had a good sleep.  rainy day today. I love it.
7	@millennialprof Can I have your old one?
7	One lane stop and go trafffffffic suckssss! Almost to wwork thanks to gay miinnnesota roads
7	@faeyakof hahaha im broke, i need money  sighh.
7	I loveeeeee to live a - F A S T - pace lifestyle!
7	@gfalcone601 cheese and onion crisps are the best  alice or rosalie cullen ?
7	@sadknob living quite so close to RAF boulmer that might not be a good thing
7	@ClareAshford  I blocked him too, lets hope it just goes away forever
7	End of the academic year brings in a lot of mood swings ... Just recovered from some serious hypertension
7	I did it! I finished my first chapter summary on Care of Souls! Pray that I can have the Lords understanding! This isn't easy to do!
7	@MrEricPiRaTe You're being sooo ambiguous, no clue re:what's up? Must send me details! Oh, &amp; I'll be on tom re:the Greek &amp; tea tweet-ups!
7	Feel sorry for Adam Cook. Be strong for David and family
7	@mitchelmusso ...and you're on my mind.. like all the time..
7	@Julie3160,hey wassup
7	@Alleywater She's good. Trying to suss out chap 7 when I'm not working. Trying to suss out a lot of things, but meh, you know whatever!
7	Need To Go Shopping  Boring Day T'day....Nothing To Dooo. College Tmro...How Fuckin' Excitin'  Wish Twitter Was Simplified For Me =] &lt;3
7	Welcome @cronhill my first German follower  My mother Hermine is from the Sudetenland and came to Sweden as a refugee in 1948
7	So it's rainy in Georgia, what do I do? Wear bright colors and hope the sun comes out!  (I'm doubtful that this is going to work)
7	@Dana_Willhoit Hoping your A/C is being fixed right now for you!
7	may,1st success for lucas first police contact after neighborhood cruising with eggs, cream, bumf, shaving foam. love my son he`s a hero
7	@joeymcintyre when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  Don't ask why, just do it
7	Having a lazy bank holiday monday
7	@modernemotive Done. Thank you
7	staying home because I'm badass.
7	time to lie in bed and watch tv
7	I'm yet holdin' on.
7	@ianweiqiang Interesting Combination  Have a great one ;)
7	@DavidArchie Did you end up finding something good and cheap for breakfast?
7	Sorry for the apparent spamming today, followers. Trying to follow through on a request from a friend.
7	working on the callsheet
7	My mind is calm &amp; my heart is happy.. Life is good.  ? Would it be ok if I took your breath away? ?
7	@myloveshine haha i hear that  i'll be done at 7pm though Dx so you'll be out far before i am not to mention i gotta pack my stuff up x.x
7	@Helmuts hey helmuts!  im ratty if u remember me from scootertechno.. ;)
7	@teddyrised Oh, that's bad. I made that mistake once before but still managed to pass though. So maybe it isn't as bad as he thinks?
7	@reddiamond007 hey u know the sub on digg I said I needed help on soon? well it's up now n wud love it if u could digg it pls  Kaushik
7	@kristofer93 hehehe pui foto? Ai ascultat top-ul ? a stat Bogdan la &quot;butoane&quot; este in training
7	@pperiklis because i stopped today :S wish me luck.....  (had to overload first)
7	is watching two + a half men, work experience again tomorrow
7	i cant believes its already Monday, the weekend went by soooo fast, keeping my fingers crossed that will too
7	i changedd my background  its from picnik.
7	has just bought attics to eden by madina lake  it's totally AMAZING
7	@AJM1030 The movie was AWESOME, I wish I could re-load my pistols like Agent 0 did, but I do not want to be him  I think I will be Gambit
7	@jcsalterego no turkey leg? i can't believe it!
7	Next thing to do tomorrow morning: Temperature Check! It's gonna be a routine till Swine Flu dies. Good Night, everyone!
7	@Jenderose as nerdy as I am, I just found out it was Star Wars day today!  I love you D
7	Being slammed with spam followers today. Is it just me? Or is that all I can attract.  Get a life people.
7	@annna86 glad to know that the ad display problem was due to a firewall config at yr office. phew!
7	my body is aching. I can barely move...but its worth it to be champs
7	Just talked to donald faison about next day air. He doesn't understand twitter. And he loves cacee cobb
7	Good Morning Twits!  Let's makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
7	@AlexWilliamson yeah i know hun, spammers seem to move fast though, already had two in first few minutes of posting.  Block 'em
7	@markhoppus not cool, Mark, this song is going to be stuck in my head all day. but I love you, anyway... is it Star Wars Day today? cool
7	@lauratoogood i did, thanks laura
7	@dannymcfly i lurveeeeee you
7	Does 'Real Detroit Weekly' not have a website.....Oh the horror, the horror
7	is problem free for now.  atleast i already said to that person the truth.
7	@gfalcone601 Cheese and Onion! Vinegar taste weird on crisps! England's got loads of weird crisps flavorus  lol.. What do you like ? x
7	@Usticks555 ... lol that was a great hug. @BCishere they should be back sometime in may
7	@erinjshea You have the best hair ever. Totally jealous. Mine's unfixable if I forget and leave sunglasses stuck in it too long
7	@Gabrielle_Union don't let anyone run you away from anything
7	has onl? just got it and has not got a clue how to use the things
7	@bbunderground it's a good mix of developers, content developers, providers and venture folks
7	@LisaBeesa Because pop culture is beautiful. Also, you can't pull weeds wrong. I promise. You can practice on my yard if you are nervous
7	@j3nn1e time-warner? talk about AOL. we did our presentation on warner bros.
7	@gfalcone601 http://twitpic.com/4jk42 hey Gi! look at this pic of you and frankie that i took at the southend gig!
7	please please please please let my match be cancelled today. PLEASE
7	@codemonkeyism How about SUSE?
7	@mela0521 dont think too hard, its bad for your health  lol love u girl
7	@mmWine Oh, I would NEVER want that to happen.  But you know if you got lost, I'd find you!
7	So apparently I need to mummify myself to keep my amazing good looks for a few thousand years?  Why hadn't I though of that sooner
7	In class till 12  wishing the rain would go away!!
7	@nuttychris I need to separate you and your sister @ComedyQueen  Today the role of evil aunt is being played by me!
7	Morning all. It's Monday. Sigh. Trying to have a positive outlook on the day, but it's being difficult already.
7	time to hit the study notes! prep for friday's exam!
7	@theskorpion I saw that!!!!
7	@MelShay - u aint lost me, i'm right here
7	@robwaumans Foto!
7	@mcherrywv Yes I know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' Ah well, just in time huh  http://myloc.me/tHq
7	@themightyshrub AP is Associated Press: http://www.ap.org/ There are many other global news agencies like it
7	studying with @rachborntorun and colette!
7	&quot;Puke In My Mouth&quot; the brilliant response to Jizz In My Pants  http://tinyurl.com/cy8z7y  Over the top wrong
7	@gamboasan hmmm it's middle of a zombie-making day @ work here, dunno if jazz would help
7	@r_petty I'm leaving community college with a bang!
7	@BeShirtHappy I know what you mean. My little dog is sinking into depression... he wants to move someplace tropical
7	@Cheaty For sure you should continue to Tweet WHILE on conf call, WHILE worrying about cat and bee.
7	@Wossy those splinters look very painful...but you were being very heroic saving mr. Pickle
7	Finished my Marilyn Manson book  wow. He has had a colourful (or not so colourful, more black) life
7	thinking about new.. oh yes .. btw bankroll stays at $14.88.. so down a bit from yesterday.. and I won't whine about bad beats  ..
7	The cats are gone. All 3 of them.
7	I do hope many of my new followers are from around Sydney Australia  Welcome to my tweets anyway.
7	@RC73 I hear U. I can barley keep up with the followers I currently have. Its tuff on a mobile device.
7	Applying for part time jobs.  LMAO Hopefully someone needs some help. ~AP~
7	Looking forward to a short work week followed by a mini-vacation in Clemson
7	@TysonColinJoe I use an external track ball with my laptop. Again, seems excessive, but is totally more efficient.
7	thanks everyone for praying for President Aquino.  http://plurk.com/p/rreml
7	@jesterjay SWINE FLU. Some family just came back from Mexico, i'm staying FAR away! Im feelin much better now thanks Jay
7	Done with classes and packing for the atlanits!! I hope miley's there
7	voyed on MTV Movie Awards  Mostly on TWILIGHT and SLUMDOG   http://is.gd/wBt6
7	@jsmithready It'd be really hard to give up my chocolate while reading.  Does chocolate count as a food?
7	@readerwave if I know what you want it is easier to please you ;). I am glad you mentioned it
7	@alansmitheejp yeah i want to know what that is too!
7	@Tamarzipan My windows open and its not that cold ahahah
7	Hell, my iTunes music library is even bipolar!
7	@runawayblue don't worry though,he will be fine
7	@earth2mars definitely dont be offended. im messing around with various twitter apps and strange things keep happening.
7	got all A's
7	Man with a great sense of humour... Venky Pachad?
7	@kouzrah etherreal WAS my main preoccupation. Now it's EtherREAL's preoccupation... humm... me ? schizophrenic ?
7	@chuckiem  Yes,  and I hope the show I promoted was clean.....   lol      Bella
7	Shower. Class. More class. Taking care of my lady-friend. Writing like there's no tomorrow.
7	Well hopefully the rest of the day gets better.
7	is sitting thru the boring bits in Titanic waiting for the good bit to start in couple of hours
7	@neonbutterfly1 Thank you! I hope you saw the 2nd one I posted - the 1st won had some wonky color thing happening.
7	@AnnebrittB slaying dragons &amp; rescue innocents, this could be a good life movie   Make sure to take a camara and film!!!!
7	@criminalminds  out of commish for a few days in ATL with fam.  Just saw the updates to the .net website... Looks AWESOME!
7	@littlefluffycat hehe--sorry.  I've never been very good at blending in...
7	@teemwilliams i feel that!! esp when you know u aint done the wrong  &lt;3 U!
7	is thinking about &quot;magnetism and spiritual equilibrium.&quot; My do you alcoholics have a way with words!
7	I think it's time to take a shower &amp; get ready for the dayy.  I hope we go shopping while we're in Mason today. I want new clothes!!
7	@WalkingHorse glad to hear that    Do you have a busy day today?
7	@lola0507 hi my love! Im ok, just trying to get thru these finals, they're going to be the DEATH of me. how are you
7	about to book train tickets for friday!
7	J, sorry about the bad night, hopefully my workout updates gave you a little humor in your night..
7	I wish I had a friend that was a chiropractor
7	May the fourth be with you.  Oh come on, no one had actually spelled it out yet
7	@bonobo_fr Yes I saw the Village but the restaurant in the Village Square has a sign above it that reads &quot;Digestif.&quot;
7	@matalatine I scare you? No!
7	@sankar_datti Thanks sankar for ur wishes
7	Nailing some webconcepting *in the zone*. I should be awarded..
7	Back at it after a weekend of working in the yard. Didn't open the laptop once, and I'm thankful.
7	Whole body is sore from moving hundreds of pieces of luggage last weekend.   Guess I should visit the gym more often
7	found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o\
7	@midnatsol hello hun, how's things going? Tell me all
7	@Jazzled4life Doubtful! It's going to be on 24/2!
7	@photojack i am tempted to say that twitter is the best thing since sliced bread  #togs
7	@GaryED46 I'm supposed to be bug fixing, and I'm Twittering, too. It's not good enough. It's Twitter or work. Bug fixing will have to go.
7	I'm now totally addicted to Farm Town. Frankly, it's more fun that fixing laptops or studying the diseases that will kill us all.
7	Back from NYC... convinced on moving to the LES by Fall
7	@WaleDC Philly hasn't played it yet!!!  You have to do something about that!! Please
7	@OurLittleAcre I guess, technically, I was still pregnant just a few months ago. Just with Alex instead of Elizabeth
7	@kristalswan You're welcome! Cutie-pie kiddo.. in your picture btw  Love those shades!
7	Check out my song &quot;time to lose it&quot; on www.myspace.com/flownyce you'll enjoy it I promise
7	@Pixeljunkie202 Kind of glad I never started Kings now - one less thing to be upset about
7	wishing I were somewhere else besides here!!  Don't worry this won't dampen my day and neither will the rain
7	another week, another org change discussion....
7	Mmm wasabi coated peanuts! Burns so good
7	::Ugh:: Euro Civ exam... Studio Later though
7	Happy Star Wars Day, everyone! May the force be with you all, be you Padawan or Jedi.
7	@mythalez Scii-fi effects definitely look silly no doubt but its worth a watch inspite of that!!
7	ahhh bank holiday slept late now going to dinner in my sisters whos a real &quot;monica&quot;  hahah and im late il get cold dinner now
7	got a translation offer today. couldn't say no, even though it's german  simple computer stuff mostly. and only a couple hundred words.
7	hahas . dam tried . just nw got exam . don know how much i will get . . but i having fun today . with my pri sch friends  until 5plus . =D
7	Goooosh! Someone payed my LastFM subscription  ^^
7	@edwelker make sure you practice your hooping today!
7	@arodomus aww sorry to hear you are having a bad time. Remember: this too shall pass
7	@jordanknight are you TINK'N the people on the street in NY waiting 4 friday are crazy? Brooke
7	The phones are lit up like christmas trees. Go to work people. You don't have to get everything done on monday.
7	Happy Star Wars Day // Will Week
7	@kirstiealley that is soooo scary! Be careful! We only have one Kirstie!
7	@darlsXzpott3r I'm doing good thanks   And yourself? and sorry, lil busy at the moment.
7	@ddlovato who said demi can't wear her Converse with her dress oh baby, that's just demi.
7	Definition of senioritis: Me. About to go to chem II and calculus. Not good classes to feel like slackin
7	@BadAsh77 got it i'll send you an email in a lil bit i have a lot to say
7	@gthogan I think you forgot a couple exclamation points.
7	@TheRealKeeks Thats ok Keeks I'll Pass the 151 to you that will chill you out
7	Have 3 of the 5 grandbabies again today. 19 month old twins and a 3 1/2 month infant. I love every minute of it too.
7	Trying to figure out the perfect way of leading a principled life
7	@OfficialBabyV I wish you where going to be in the Saga
7	check out the flyer i designed for the notary and retrograde: http://rachellovespeace.blogspot.com let me know what you think
7	Now I'm following you Ah Ha! Love your laff
7	@JustZIPP hey rocstar
7	monday morning. what to do. ...puzzles!
7	@The_Gov hi gov!! How are you?
7	@scooby867 Cheers for that! Will have a look at that later and hopefully get sorted!
7	@mrjoecool well praise the lord 4 gud moods i kno i need 2 b 1, im workn out ma thighs &amp; these dark clouds is scaring me
7	A little bit of good news.
7	Jaydiohead &quot;No Karma&quot; ? http://twt.fm/91610 #musicmonday This is not the android I was looking for. But it'll do.
7	virus hunting on computer - always wondering what it will destroy
7	If you carry your childhood with you,  you never become old..A. Sutzkever
7	@DaisyCurlyCat oh wow, daisy, that is TOO cute for words!!
7	@martinb9999 need to get an intel based mac 1st   but this impacts on dual core vs quad choice, latter probably better for virtualization
7	@gfalcone601 I think sandwiches or something like this with ham and cheese
7	listening to my future roomie speak in chapel
7	@rocketheartx YES SHE WANTS A COOKIE. SO DO I. ESPECIALLY THAT ONE THAT ARCHIE GOT FROM COOKIE ) ... RP?  mark the date
7	@MattyOsborn YIKEYSSS!!  I'M HARMLESS REALLY!! JUST WANT SOME ATTENTION FROM BRODY!!!
7	@wendywings Just hoping you're ok, sincerely concerned
7	I honestly hate what I have said to some ppl sometimes. sorry for makin an ass of myself to anyone.
7	Packing for Florida  What's the liquids in a carry-on rule - 3 or 4 oz? Haven't flown in over a year
7	@jadeofjades  I Hope You're Okay.Do What Beyonce Do...
7	Waiting in line for the Beast with Matthew.    I won't be riding.
7	That kids is what you get when you leave your computer unattended, when you have non-trustworthy company...
7	@victoriastrauss you know, i would love to see 5 lies editors believe about writers. #justsayin
7	i miss you tooooo  you arent too far! *A*
7	i'm about to munch on some more high calorie things!  they keep my brain working
7	@weirdFishes you're very welcome! I love reviewing free apps as much as downloading/using them!
7	@DRESINATRA that's dope!  stay out of trouble
7	Kinda doing nothing. Life is boring. I feel like changing my look. Let's go shopping tomorrow
7	Watching my bro play footyball
7	Time to get purrtty. *wink*
7	@peechXXXX  http://bit.ly/SjNAx If he is saying something I don't fully understand, please let me know.
7	Tooth ache...but still sipping lol at the fam. Partyyyy
7	just getting off of work for the day! Hope everyone has a wonderful mother's day tomorrow! Hope you enjoy ur cheesecakes too!
7	@jeffpower What are you reading?
7	ops   that lol wasnt supposed to got to twitter
7	resting had a whole day of walking
7	@_handz_ it was quiet.... unfortunatly but what the hell it's good the chill out too right?
7	@coolzebras They open at 9 a.m.   And I hope to be there shortly after that.   No guarantees for me though!
7	@mamapigeon I be ok, you?
7	@The_Tech_Update Do you know your Nutty Newsire twitterfeed ones are coming through w/o links? I can't be lazy without the links...LOL
7	Pretty  is it long or short? Sparkly or shiny? Lol
7	@robdyrdek You know, there are just some things that shouldn't be seen. That's sure as hell, one of 'em. lol
7	Ok peeps...I'm not crazy...I was twittering 2 someone but had no idea how 2 direct msg from my cell! Blonde moment!
7	@ATL_Da_Realest hehe hell. I'm finna qet to drankin DAMNIT.
7	@michaelsheen OMG that's really good i want to see the photos! have a nice day
7	@wearpalettes I really don't want to send it over this site....it's kinds private...
7	Recovering from my crazy family. I love them, but they ain't got it all   I only see em a couple of times a year, so I guess I can deal.
7	i gots a summer job
7	hanging out with my babyy
7	@eeshkapeesh Aw, sorry E. :/ I hope it looks up for you (lame ear) And there's always next year! Crap. Lamer ear :/ Fail. Uhh..Love ya E!
7	@CHAUNDON SON! WTF?? She just bit holes in the damn bread!!! Who does that?? Why has God forsaken me?? why?
7	@flamingokitty *hugs* me not sad really, me just messing
7	Lil Kim ;  Download omq ; i think i like that sonqq noww lol .
7	@retrorewind can you play I Wish by Jordan Knight
7	Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
7	I wonder if I should put a bet on Cubs winning world series in 2015 due to BTTF II. I'd love it if it actually happens.  Me = geek
7	@gregfairbanks They better not be out when I get there.  I NEED MY FIX!
7	Rewarding myself with dinner at American Dream pizza on the rooftop terrace. Perfection  got 7 pages done on the prospectus!!
7	@animesnob yeah i checked it, pretty nice site
7	i am promsing miiself im not goin to hurt miiself for the rest of the day...wow that will be a miricle if it happens  lol
7	Tomorrow's mother's day. I need to get all my crap together soon.. Noor left, It was fun  it's been NINE months!
7	@psuperstar the problem is, superstars always deliver huge files! too much energy pixels
7	@shelby_says ha ha funny
7	@esoterismo My Dad told me music that has the power to heal the soul. Sure is true of yours
7	A painter paints pictures on canvas.  But musicians paint their pictures on silence  ~Leopold Stokowski
7	@TheTinyJEWELBox No, that's not right - I remember now.  You were in a fearless tweet - we were both seen as fearless.
7	@jasontryfon Are they abusing your service? Manual follower management is a pain. I love the style.
7	@ploogle Whaat? That would seem to be a very powerful spell. Kind of tips the scale in their favor.
7	@debadowling...OOOPS AGAIN, the reply button is the RIGHT of the msg...now I'll stop spamming
7	@ParkerAngel this is very true about @patofnavar! but you do have to admit it was pret-ty funny! im bout to go you tube it!  lol
7	@13rianDavis sometimes ... you just have to write it off ... and start from the top of your tweet stream.  The past has happened
7	havent been on in awhile.  no point anyways
7	And I just left ana's. Graduation and u saw laura carlos's ex and she's still whack
7	@LovelyLu I don't watch - just wish - TV's been off for months- I love it  Guess I won't win though LOL
7	@Adamfyre absolutely!
7	@OMGitsBrianna I love koda!!! He is sooo cute!!!!! You guys have that in common!!!
7	fuck you is all i have to say
7	needs shows before wednesay!!! oh well... come one come all... Irvine Improv live @ Gotham Showcase 8pm  lots of good comics...then me.
7	@Taryll um...how long has it been since you slept?? startin to worry over here.. well i hope you are having fun... lots of love to you
7	@_Esme_Cullen_  I'm taking a million songs from your blip.fm station thing. Sorry
7	@dontspell_esl  If in doubt, wash separately   Normal concern is something fading onto the white.
7	@allthatglitrs21 you mum sounds so humble ! what a sweet thing to ask for
7	Having a long island ice tea
7	@slushy_gutter Trent wore that shirt at my show
7	@kellie_apple miss you too kid i sent msg to you on yt
7	causee not everyone can pass the challenge test duh
7	Just snuck out my window.. Now im laying on my roof looking at the stars. Its a nice night out tonight.
7	@Migg But I can still putt 30 yards longer than you can hit your driver
7	@UncleRUSH get well soon! God is watching over you
7	@GabrielCarrejo sorry my friend ... but @intel is paying the mortgage!
7	Nyappy mother's day to your mom's.
7	@Sophie_Lhoste Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets!
7	@chupacharged you drank it on the sly, didn't you and that's why you're asking. I know how you are
7	@imjstsayin Im doing ok.  I have a 15 year old going on 35 that is driving me crazy, but that comes with the territory, I guess.
7	http://twitpic.com/4w3he The pretty flowers john mains brought the ladies 2nite!
7	@eamobile I apparently have crappy typing skills...lol sorry
7	my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee.
7	Off To The Movies With Abby (Who I Have Not Seen In FOREVER) To See Star Trek. L8er Twitter Folk
7	sorry for taking over twitter with my i-can't-sleepness
7	is ONLiNE  http://plurk.com/p/stjdg
7	@JoyofZen mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier, yummmmmyyyy also herbs are always good although better when shared
7	@Wolfie_Rankin And until soy beans have TEETS, soy &quot;milk&quot; *is not milk*.
7	Exhausted after coming home from a swim this morning! It's more tiring than I remember! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
7	That's how you go from series to season. The days of being an elite team are over in Dallas. EPL Derby Day tomorrow. Tell me what I miss.
7	now watching kill bill vol. 1  i love movies so much.
7	@Paul_Coleman Looks a little too &quot;fried&quot; for me, but you have fun with that, Paul!
7	Thank you, Gerbino, for forcing us starting junior year to make survey mockups. Let me tell you how super helpful this skill has been.
7	Leaving the beach .. Having a great day with vicente .. We needed this time together
7	Hmmm.. If I skip the grocery store and head to Walmart, I could potentially leave with so much more.
7	just got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days!
7	just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. When mom's away...
7	@iPhoneAppAttack I thought it was pretty good! I'm not a die hard Trekkie either.
7	Wait...I thought it was 9:50? Don't we have till 10?   #sigjeans
7	@mattmoreno I really like miller park too  too bad the cubs aren't leading, hopefully they can get it together soon
7	@SongzYuuup good,get some rest MONEYMAKER
7	@Late2thePartee feeling any better hon?
7	@Paigex3 hah yeah, its that bad, not gonna lie. :o Have fun
7	@collective_soul i look forward to your new cd  big fan
7	@coopertracy   Sorry, we'll try to keep it down.
7	Yao...broken foot...so much for that series  Denver's next
7	presentations done, project done, 1 exam done, 3 exams to go!!! I turn 21 this Friday!
7	@Dhympna Link won't open, but I will try it when i have a better connection tomorrow. I'm curious now
7	Scream just played on my iPod. First thing that comes to mind, BEAR MACHINEEEEE!!!! Lol
7	John, are you sure we aren't mtb?
7	@SongzYuuup u welcome babe, kill the show! Yuuupp!
7	@sargeabernathy purrrrs.... ooooh that will do
7	@GreenNinja89 after we pissed you off
7	@djempirical Have to listen to samples to make sure I'm thinking of the same stuff. Loud, odd, Zorn-y stuff as I recall. Not Mr. Bungle.
7	At Green Hill with my phi mu girls for spring formal 2009!!! yeah man! Do it
7	New phone pwns
7	Ahhh my mommie got me new sheets for my bed  so comfy
7	@misterdevans Not living, just trying to earn the grocery money.  I do enjoy eating at least once a day!
7	happy mom's day.  i haven't bought a present for my mom yet. what should i get her?
7	Miley Stevens - Waterhouse is at Jhy's house  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6402509
7	@saharabloom Don't we all!
7	Gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. I think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy Sat night for me!
7	@Barely Got it! Your in the rundown.
7	I'm kicking it (though feeling a little sick): alternating talking to friends, gaming, watching the playoffs, and writing an application.
7	@tweevii_1222  awwh i heard from daniel that you were sick. feel better!
7	Chillin with my Family. We are getting tacos from Ochoa's, they have the best food in all Washington county
7	@LTCmusic hehe yeah! Its funny that updating people on the random things you do is so amusing.
7	I am chillin w/ my homies
7	it would sicken most, the number of ways I am able to tweet
7	chillen just started on twitter.
7	blahh i'm tired and i gotta go to the airport to pick my mom up! &amp;&amp; im bored but on the upside im listening to the backstreet boys
7	@Linz__marie idk...I feel horrible...and I think my mom would be suspicious since I've been in bed for a straight 2 days,but thnx anyways
7	Happy Mother's Day to all the Momma's to be and Mommas currently.  Have a wonderful day!!!
7	We're practicing our blackjack skills. It doesn't look hopeful.  http://yfrog.com/0l2tsj
7	@ReRobb maybe tonights the night to pick it up again?
7	Relaxing.
7	watching hoping for haley
7	@Joel_Hayes I'm at sharkeez!
7	@mstrillian sorry I can't help it, hopefully it rubs off on you.
7	@slapmaster i know i really wanna do some more stuff im out of school in the next week so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up
7	@kmaco214 No code I think @sunnieM coined the phrase Hottie Switchfoot Guy for Tim HSG for short  ~wendy~
7	Girls night in portland
7	i now know that we've made a difference in each others lives...i feel proud.
7	@piticu21 4n? ma rog  never heard of it  esti beat acum? u tweet too much
7	@jerrytaft Can you talk to my hubby @actonm and convince him that that's a great present for ALL mommies???
7	@therealkyra awww what's the matter, kyra? we @ SugarLoot miss you
7	needs a non-long distance boyfriend/girlfriend. Watching Sonny with A Chance
7	Watching the fight video.  Still shots of me breaking his nose to come soon.  Austin D. has some pretty good commentary.
7	@rexharrislive Thank you very much Rex for FF
7	@njshoreboy89  and what did i do to u kk thanks
7	@jakeofficial How about give golf lessons?? AND sing to your student taking lessons??    (JAKEOWEN2009 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2S1Y)
7	@winebratsf What are those barrels made of? Hey pass that barrel
7	Movin into the Big Room
7	@qwe4423 ?. Pick up that, as fast you can!
7	the free fillin' app on my ipod is fun, im addicted
7	@verwon and now I am starting to feel really old.
7	Done a bump out and now back in bed seemingly unable to muster the energy to get up again  Sundays are great.
7	@diana_truong sunbae* my bad jst scratch wht i said  im talking nonsense here.. lol!!! enjoy the perfs
7	@barnaby3 Did I miss you going to The Killers or is it soon? Are you excited? I remembered I needed to ask you
7	clean up day was awesome  portuguese feast was EHHH. lol rain is icky and thunder;lightning is scary
7	@MissLaniSasha lmfao!!! Yea anyone?? Please?? We're really pretty!!!
7	its so hard to get mum to answer the phone!! happy mothers day to her anyways..
7	About to embark on a large tour of bars for a project.  Hopefully I won't die from alcohol poisoning
7	thinks tonight couldn't have gone more perfect.
7	@purplish08 hey! Sorry I didn't see ur message to me
7	@GreeGreece oh wait your in Greece, I'm in the U.S of course you think differently
7	Alix's graduation party!
7	@lachrist5067 72-65 Cavs! The score is and was! LOL
7	got so totally lost that I had to pay for a taxi to get me back to where I was supposed to be. Yeah, something like that, lol.
7	@lyracole P.S. The &quot;duh&quot; was directed towards myself...
7	Just chillin at home
7	@iGaia Nope!  She can travel all she wants when SHE can pay for it.
7	@V_Simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. Don't let the negativity get to you.
7	@brentleary what with the Force MD Tender love how could not love those guys
7	@JennysMyName baha, i'm gonna have to find some!  i dont think we took any D: but i'm gonna find some!
7	so Roman is now on pain killers and some LQ meds. Thanks Jess for agreeing to go get him yogurt before you go out!
7	singing songs and filming movies  what i do best
7	Hehe nah just doing this and watching Ace of Cakes with @jlsegarra while our 4-legged &quot;kids&quot; run around. Couldn't ask for more
7	Speaking to my new tweeples.... getting acquainted with them... If you've never spoke to me.. Do so now
7	Excellent, excellent movie!  Star Trek, that is.
7	@MeganWrappe Well, guess we just make a pretty great pair.  So, I don't think our birthday date is going to happen. :'(
7	I've Got An Urge To Make Music Like Massively.. I'm Going To The Studio
7	@fankri haha! thanks, Tiff   it went well, but they WORE ME OUT!!! lol. im too old for this ;)
7	Watching Gross Point Blank.
7	http://twitpic.com/4w70j - Left: This is your brain. Right: This is your brain on drugs.
7	@SECTORLI: just had my debut on Thursday @ The Gallery Lounge! It was fun... can't wait to do the next one!!
7	@SusanCrenshaw Uh oh!  Hope nothing too damaged.
7	@SalioElSol08 Haha most def ^__^ Rob a bank with me so i could get all the swedish fishes in the world
7	'Don't call your mother, 'cause now we're partners in crime.' -KP
7	@marqueA2 Amazing.  Thereby proving we cannot believe anything we see
7	Is with our dog at the doggy park!
7	watching Star Trek and next to watch it at the movie theater 'cause the movie is really worth it...
7	k might take long then a minute then
7	@khalen it was good. Next time you get oohed you know where to go!
7	Working on several book projects that are due to be released within the next few months.  I need an extra pair of hands!  It's all good...
7	Had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
7	@couponprincess Yes!!!! you me @brandyellen and @mkdb won the 4 that were given away    #sigjeans
7	@kiwi_kikireestl nooo. you were on my yahoo account. hmm. i wanna say b2k days. idk fo'sho
7	right now, im on the Internet Cafe
7	Why is @MRCRISIS scared or @Mskatrina25 lmao.. Someone pls tell me!!
7	@karramandi Where r u Yvonne?? Haven't seen u in the google groups in a day or so. Miss ya.
7	@tatumeubanks I think you were dreaming that!  However, my memory does suck so maybe not
7	is almost over the legal limit of db at the garage.
7	@superbjorn as always  how are you?
7	Enjoying the heck out of spending time with Amanda.  Do i really have to go back tomorrow?
7	@mlomb hi, the parody for iPhone is hysterical, not because it's funny, but because one cannot play the video on iPhone
7	Going to bed after the CAVS game  Don't judge me LOL
7	Lifetime movies are lame.  That's for you, Q!
7	@meganwest no we had to go to malibu to find a beach!
7	(bullhorn] tell ur friends 2 follow me  come onnnnnnnnnnnn ppl
7	@ThinkReferrals oh man I'm jealous!  just got it?
7	@laurie_pooh what kind of party do we got going now?
7	mmmm chocky cake in the oven.. smells delicious
7	&quot;Its a calander.&quot;Calendar!&quot; COLLANDER!&quot; Bahaha, That part was hilarious, of course, the whole thing was hilarious
7	Spending time with the fammmmm. (: hopefully, going to pay my bill soon...
7	@danielledeleasa yeeah!! me too! it's amazing!!! I'm freaking out lol
7	If u want to change the fruits, u will first have to change the roots. If u want to change the visible u must first change the invisible
7	speechless
7	I know I have lots of emails to answer! I will be home tomorrow
7	is hungryyyyyyy!! going to eat traditional indian food...the pakistani way. woowoo!  hahaha! &gt;[_()\/3
7	Home empty handed.  No comics found today.  I shall now indulge in my cupcakes from Magnolia Bakery.
7	Okay now that i will not be able to sleep tonight what should we do
7	Wats shakin out there y'all ? I'm starting to get nice now,
7	@BayoArigbon what you took your bracket off... ? And now it's time for bed !
7	Sitting at the bonfire, hoping the skies will clears i can use my telescope.
7	@tesser10 Those are the things that mean the world
7	@theWaif I was wondering about your sanity for a bit there, dear
7	GOOD MORNING TWEETER WORLD!
7	@KatiaDominos loll , of course me tooo  &amp; i love their new song toooo ?
7	@shereenzangana That was fantastic! Thank you
7	@Nyblaque - halla!!! doing ok- got a cold but trying to ignore it  how about you?
7	he's back! meeting him in 40 mins
7	@TrueBlue9 Venus is my fav character, too! LOL I think b/c she's strong, successful, and beautiful.
7	@iampritty sweetie pie, buttercup, married ppl share hehehehehe.....this includes ur shoe collection  I am trading UP!
7	@monicacai is over
7	@DJSpencer19  true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
7	@watsjaydoin I've got 18 yr @ home &amp; 26 out the house &amp; they're always here! AND they bring FRIENDS! WHY?  Hope you have a blessed Day!
7	btw @austincarlile, @jaxinhall, @philipmanansala, and @youngfuego, i ordered some of yer merch yesterday.!  &lt;33333333333
7	Is responding to an email.
7	@scarybunnies Abrams has his quirks for sure.   I'll summarize my post like this: decent flick, but NOT a &quot;Star Trek&quot; story.
7	umm i failed 3 classes - mom's beating my ass in school on monday . RIP Nira .  &quot; yayyy &quot; (the &quot;yay&quot; was a sense of sarcasm) -___-
7	@BruceOCz Thanks for the advice! Went to the doctor's and slept a lot yesterday  Must be the meds.
7	Just got a new Ipod.  Life's Good.
7	@mikewat that picture is priceless! i think @ericharlan might start #sharetub
7	@minhteeeefresh haiiii sankQ i'm fineee ima js get a checkup cos my rib hurts LOL idk but i shall be fine ~ thanks
7	Nooo, I'm not in love.  I'm just developing a crush. A small one. Heehee.  My second one. Shadduppp.
7	@sjowen I had a double cheeseburger and fries from The Golden Arches....I will be sicker than a dog tomorrow.
7	This is fun !  haha re guy from all American rejects looks like he's on crack!!
7	i freaking LOVED star trek  now we're watching xmen.
7	Finally made it to JP Licks in Coolidge Corner for some Oreo soft serve   http://twitpic.com/4w9pe
7	Pictures of Cassie from the Crawfish Boil make me smile real big  Also, my desktop is still fail. Ultimate fail. It hates me.
7	@CeeTheTruthy what kind of food Celli? I'm following you now
7	Hmm...Whilst, walking through the city I received an inviataion into an SUV Limo via some prom fellows... Don't they have dates? Oh boys!
7	@sweetsheilx Same to your mom too pril
7	@blindllama i can do all that  but wha would i be learning?
7	Back fr Doctor &amp; officially hv v dry eyes ...  but at least nothing serious
7	@OfficialAthenaR haha. It does have a nice ring to it (: Lets get used to that. ok! iloveyoutoo.
7	@debtguide Cool Guide.. My best Tip.. Do NOT Use Them Unless Absolutely Needed !!!
7	@StampGarden PRETTY! I hope I win
7	live chat soooon most likely.
7	@MelvinJames hey there.  How are you. Pleasant surprise
7	Whoops! Start Trek,...not Start! Duh.
7	omg having so much fun watcing house bunny, courto isa a ledge for sending me link  &lt;3
7	@titothebuilder how crappy for him
7	@Sij8 2002 - the TSX is nice just cuz it's a new car- handles nice but doesn't have the horses of the TL-S
7	@lovetf Alright, sorry. But I think you should go anyways
7	@TR0se school and work that's it really. what about u? still in sac? or am I a tittle late
7	@inJenious Pics? Ah, I'll probably see you at work at some point... Hopefully b4 it grows out too much
7	@jo_dazzles Well tonight would be a good time to watch.
7	@TokiWartooth  Thanks! My mom's seed is larger and already cracked (and planted). I hope Avalina isn't a dud!
7	Baltimore beat the Yankees  @Ashley094
7	@15minsofmetal sweet, I'm trying to earn my crown for gluten free baking!
7	Just joined. &lt;_&lt; Not even sure if any of my friends have Twitters, maybe I'll just be a celeb stalker o.o
7	now the party begins  prob wont be tweeting again tonight even tho im guessing we'll be up for hours, gnight everyone
7	@AmyyVee didn't make it to 1000 but I smoked her.  She's at 60 and I'm at 260.  thank you! How r u?
7	@GetReadySetGo thanks!!  I'm a fabric addict lately - I've bought soooo much!
7	At the movies. . . About to watch Star Trek!
7	Happy Mother's Day one day early to all moms everywhere---you deserve to have your own day.
7	@christyharrison iloveyoumoreeee
7	@AboveAllFabric  Hells Yeah. Block away. Just not sweet lil' ole me.
7	@BPDINOKC Thanks!
7	as we were disembarking @ Tswassen we saw a pod of killer whales ^^ i'd just finished pointing out that i'd never seen bc killer whales.
7	Got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed
7	diiinner  its sooo cold right here D:
7	@tiffrobyn lol what did Perez say now?? please don't make me actually go look
7	today was alot of fun. i love my family ,sammy hernandez and caitlin hughes.  goodnight!
7	@andylevy p.s. i heart your face
7	@govinda108 um that's really scary, please be safe!  Btw ill be in orlando next week
7	@karleigh Can't wait, you &amp; Katie always end up with some of the best interviews..
7	@jt nope not yet. but we have to be out of this one before we close. we are closing on both the same day this week
7	watching &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot; then going to bed. I have to babysit at one tomorrow. then give mommy her gift!  night, &lt;3 peace.love.jonas
7	My husband thinks my Twittering makes me a creeper... whatever.
7	@vivid13 Good for you! I don't think I'll be joining later. I'm hyper as hell, though. WHEE!
7	@HomeBizLiz thats rough. hubby had knee surgery but it did help him in the end. Let us know the results. We'll keep him in our prayers
7	@andrewgoldstein 11 30s way early! anyway nigth night  love you!
7	Greg back in the top 10. This is why I love Nascar.
7	@ladybee_5652 ... =D ok wassup
7	@alchristopher i know u r!  i wont be there til the 6pm service..will u be there?
7	Just got in a fight and kicked out of the bar. At least I knocked him out. Have a fat lip though.  Pulled another number
7	@wordcharmer pffftt! You know how I like to stay busy!  I'm Awesome (and sober...dang)! How are you??
7	is hanging with Bryant&amp;&amp;Hailee, possibly Lafayette tonight. 'nd i don't know why i keep updating this because i have 0 followers
7	is feelin it
7	@thebadhousewife  Goodnight.
7	@siempreuntigre It's the fact that I need to get through half a course by 9 am tomorrow morning that has me down. I'll be at reunions!
7	bored.. almost mothers day
7	@superfro432 Is it bad that I'm sitting here watching a #Pens replay and getting excited? I think it's the coffee, but... Who knows.
7	@CarCrashHearts what do i have? lots of stuff.
7	just spent an hour doing a dino blog on myspace. i loveeeee dinos! &lt;333 Oh and the movie was really funny.
7	is hittin' the ole dusty trail w/ Miss Morgan.
7	I'm sadly dissapointed in the show ''Jonas''. Good shows on disney= hannah montana &amp; wizards of waverly place.
7	no @AlexisMarie23, I can't make it to the tour. I'm from Philippines
7	Yay we're gonna leave earlier!  Can't wait to get back to Hawthorne!
7	Dad just gave me his old BlackBerry. Not that old... But it doesn't even have a scroll ball. I want that Bold.
7	Be my Yoko Ono and follow me wherever I may go !
7	@jyamasaki Ok.. so what do you think of a snapshot befoooore the vid recording on Seesmic so the ladies dont look like freaks? just sayin
7	@mrskutcher http://twitpic.com/4w9zb - must... stick.. my... thumb.. in .. chin... dimple!! lol  my hubby has one lol  but his is un ...
7	yay i hit 50 subscribers on youtube. go me  lol.
7	sitting in bed thinking
7	@WalkingHorse New constructions poping up all over there now
7	Ready to chill on the couch and watch a movie
7	Jus hit the casa, changing my swag cloth. Would it be the Pradas or the Dunks tonight??
7	@loveashlay How about I make some more and bring u sum?
7	@janicejenelle - thanks... I may have narrowed the location down to the car... hoping it's there
7	@shadowcelery It's great
7	Surfing the web...
7	@dudeman718 Have you seen Wolverine?  Might want to change that pic.  There's a new sheriff in town.
7	@jsie We got out there and the cafe was booked solid. LOL Doesn't matter - Mum got some plants anyway.
7	I need followers!!!
7	Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation. Tis nothing, but pure insanity. Can I have the title of Queen of watching bad horror films?
7	Learning how to jerk and stanky leg at sunset cliffs. headlights spotlight  with colorado and fam
7	We are in the State of Cheese - YUM! Green, moo-cow pastures everywhere, and super friendly Lutheran's too
7	@afton_volturi ** Slaps self on forehead **  Pardon me!
7	also @haveitsweet your caramels are like crack....  just thought you should know.
7	Ima go to sleep long day ahead....And its all Benicks fault ,i so dislike him. &gt;=( Well Good Nite World!
7	Yao is out for the rest of the season! NOOO!..staying home on a Saturday night...SHOCK....got my phone fixed
7	@madfatter I just re-skinned. Still figuring why tweetsuite isn't updating
7	With sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes
7	K now that, that fiasco is all wrapped and good too go  back to studying for midterms =(
7	krys: running, mud baths and nice French food in napa w/ jimming
7	@myjacksonbrowne  hey y'all, we are waiting for final edits on our cover of &quot;sombody's baby.&quot;  can't wait for some input
7	@studio8 --sorry for running over uncle Terry, but he just wasn't living up to his potential. expecting more from his next return.
7	@Carolina2676 lol... that's cool u can enjoy the show together! Tell him I said hi!
7	@SKORPIOLOVE  I know... just when I was starting to think this break-up was gonna have me up all night tossin and turnin.. no ma'am!
7	@emilmor mmm, wanna go see Little Big Town next Sunday @ 4 @ Chesapeake Jubilee?
7	Laying in the dark thinking of you.
7	@NeishaNay im gone miss ya'll Lol.don laugh@me im serious.its bittersweet. lookin forward 2goin home but cant wait till nx semester!
7	Trying this twitter thing out. Facebook is finally a routine for me, now i need to figure out how to do the twitter thing
7	Chilling wit da bestie kendra...lmao!! she fell out da shower...gotta luv her tho..!!  *~P?T~*
7	@cl2425 Hey girl!  Yeah, my allergies kick in at the most random times. Hmph.
7	@critter42 I know   Guess I was hoping they'd revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
7	bundy. in 3 days.!!!! warm weather here i come!
7	@bitchmobile I had one of those in south Florida. Mowing around it could hurt
7	@IAMSNARKY hmmm how bout my boi an me jammin sum john stephens for ya?
7	Happy Mother's day! Sent msg to mom and got her phone call. I wish one day we can live in the same city so I can take care of her.
7	you can learn a lot from another person.. dont try to out better oneself when its all about love and happiness  goodnight
7	@stefangilbert thank you
7	@SohFahrKreyZee oooh im sorry to late i smashed it
7	@thomasfiss Lucky you...my day has gone by with large amount of boredom...and a little stress. The detalis can get a bit gruesome
7	good talk with @broskey  muchos needed
7	Sushi two nights in a row isn't THAT wrong is it?
7	@SuperwomanAK that is awesome!  spent the day studyin, chillin a lil b4 goin to bed, its slowly gettin colder in Paraguay, winter is comin
7	@momtoboysx3 I'm here if u need to vent!
7	Just got my 3rd tattoo  owwwwwww lol
7	@tncc24 - yay for getting errands done! oh, an assortment of out-of-my-control things. topped off w/ a crap race, haha
7	@atexasattitude I'm sorry darling... I'm all over the place tonight.. I didn't mean to neglect you..
7	@kelleydmcguire I don't know. What does it take to butter you up? Actual butter?  xoxo
7	@positron76 You have to come to Chile... with AC/DC would be fine
7	@acinerba Oh man, that sux... price u pay for being on the org chart (and responsible, and stuff...)
7	@moviegirl09 *laughs* reading?!  not happening!  i'm glad alice was in the shower, she should've seen that we were going to be worried
7	@scalzi Happy Birthday  I didn't get you anything, but you have my best wishes.
7	@blathering lucky e went!  jealous!
7	Well I'mma tweet out! goodbye tweeters!
7	At the wedding reception. Having more fun than I thought
7	@scalzi my attention for the length of time to type this? Tell ya what, ill add old mans war to my wish list on amazon.
7	@sodaly you are welcome  @pamslim's book is a good reminder as to WHY we escaped the cube!
7	@Bball4life lol thanks.  I do like to be on top. I'm going to enjoy this. How long can I be up there?
7	Then me disliking you is a rumor!  cyndi! What made it look like i didn't like you?
7	http://twitpic.com/4wegx - @stealthrose Lol.. sorry. Too damn funny!
7	@DROStreetTeam09 well keep me posted if it comes out fully thanks
7	@eclip5e Good lord, man.   I recommend the Dark &amp; Stormy at Casablanca.
7	http://bit.ly/T17fl  mary ann &amp; frances are gunna kill me
7	Geeze- I'm just wondering what is wrong with some people. I either need to go for a run or go to sleep. Tomorrow should be a fun day.
7	Chillin Waitin For My Hunny Baby To Get Out Of Work!!!!!  To Get My Drink On While Finishin Da Song I Have
7	@AdiumX time to learn another language?
7	Nothing like In 'n' Out and a LOST marathon after a long day of work.
7	@xoangelbabiixo @Babygirl9415 @thatmjgurl @kevinjlover @allecat @agirlcalledana @rawritsria @bubbles303 @ILY_beckett Thanks so much !
7	@Absturbation yeah ... he was 0-3 and SCOREless tonight
7	@xVOJOx It was crazy all day today and I have a feeling it's going to be that way tomorrow, too.  Enjoy your couple of days off though
7	@TheRaj I kind of figured. He'd probably be unable to reason out why a lot of the things in manga happen, or the way they happen.
7	is on air
7	@duckamin If it makes you feel any better.. My Saturday night is lame as well. I heart you
7	in the words of liana corber: Moreover, WIAIH was a humbling experience... i surprisingly had a decent night
7	@TrevorAB aww you poor dear! But it was awesome you came out to race!
7	can't wait to see those pics @yikes77
7	@carlito2009 haha that's always a good jam
7	@brucefloyd ps- are you a doctor or swine flu paranoid??
7	Home with Maddie  I'm tired.. Goin' to bed afterwards
7	@oharris69 JUST like to clarify that I am a unable to acc. review vibrators as have not testrun any. *not an invitaiton for freebies
7	Finished dinner @ apple bees  off to Freds in PB for drinks!
7	@carlossoto nice to meet you. Mike, video producer CF Miami.
7	@kelvinlls Hey Kelvin, my day's been fantastic so far! We're getting ready for a family Mother's day function shortly
7	@judez_xo oh and i know brody and erin
7	@james_a_michael It doesn't look like you're tired in the pic.  Don't work too hard.
7	Ur performance of love sex magic was awesome!
7	@skie and how are you going to make it up to me
7	To bed I go   Nighty Night
7	@KnightGrl OMG I'm sorry to hear that! I will keep my fingers crossed that you find something
7	@FoxWhisperer  My Dad worked for SW when I graduated HS. Worked at HOU 21 years.   He retired 3 years before I joined the Company.
7	@MissXu Nope  Not that I have to worry about the possibility. I'm more worried about GOOG's design than her personal taste, actually.
7	@marcelatanaka You are welcome, xuxu
7	@HollyMVG That's awesome. Biking is an underappreciated activity these days.
7	The Veronicas are gonna rock the stage tomorrow  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY EVERYONE!
7	@lyssaloo I was gonna text u and ask what puff meant!!
7	I had a GREAT day with you guys today! We went to the Clay House for Emily's birthday &amp; had lots of fun. We will have 2 go there again.
7	@alexosh1234 not worth it! I love the free version for the iPhone though!
7	@Lemonpi PH and I are having a macaron smackdown...except he is not aware of it...It's all being played out in my head
7	Tonight's SNL does not dissapoint. LOL
7	i have a sunburn line on my back from the tag sticking out of my tank top all day..... ugh. i need aloe vera!! went to the park again
7	's plans didn't go as followed, but its ok
7	@FlamingBluStar Sorry to hear about the laptop troubles. Hope you can get them fixed and the lappy back to norm.
7	@Tyrese4ReaL hi (My Man) lOl I love you too... The song was clearer just had to turn my phone down
7	I like Sunday afternoons ...
7	@carbaby and @travisgarland great seein you guys today!!! you look so happy  love it!! lets hang out soon!! love yall!
7	cant find my shoes. :/ hope its as bad as itll get 2nite.  im happy.
7	@ArnaudJacobs  I always thought scuba diving would give me a entirely new perspective of the world, but too chicken to do it. can u help?
7	Loong line for 7:00 trek. Started around 6. I'm trying to block the sun with my hand
7	@thnkhappythghts HIM shirt at dinner? Do you need to ask??  Does it actually have Ville on it?
7	@JonathanRKnight Thanks so much Jon.....same to your mom    That is so sweet of you to think of all of us
7	@mirder http://twitpic.com/4wfs8 - You are so weird. You need to lay off the smokes, because you're talking to yourself.
7	wow its only 9:30
7	@Renesmeeeeee *hugs back* me too
7	@bhl1 I hope so! My sister lives there!
7	he said for real
7	@julieannee sup betch
7	The 22nd can't get here fast enough!
7	party was awesome. soooo tired, bye. ps: happy momma's day
7	@cptheartist 'wife a chick' LMAO!!  no problem with marriage. just negative symbolism attached to the jump-right-into-the ring bling thing
7	Have you ever been so exhausted your entire body aches? I'm there! Lights out - Goodnight little tweets...sleep tight
7	I feel like I need to catch up on twitter haven't done much of it this weekend!
7	@AlimSalahuddin LOL!!! I'm going to see it maybe today
7	@omgfasho brent is going to 789... and charles and dave we neeeeeeeeed to go
7	@Jordanbrown Get her Clogging Shoes
7	@stovertile Etsy handmade cards weren't any good?
7	@TheDailyBlonde No i am not a mom or dad, hmm well I will forward the link to my mom.  I am embarrassed now
7	@rustycoon Edgefest!  or maybe  since you're driving...
7	Hmm I guess where the world is headed 2day....Lets make predictions
7	These difficult situation force us to think about marrying a lovable girl
7	@JonathanRKnight so seriously...I need a date to a wedding. Really dont wanna go alone. Its May 23rd...any chance?
7	I do amazing at beer pong with my brother
7	@schappie That's just weird... :\  Oh, and what was it you were drawing for me?
7	@Yungrichhustla ohh kayy fasho if u go tonight have fun for me
7	@FlyAArmy Yep- same here. I have to be in the mood 4 it.
7	@Nora_78 I'm sowwy u have to work w/an idiot. I will call u if u want. Just to break up ur day.
7	@lindentreephoto Unless you mean the 2 hours a week i use for sleeping. Yeah, suppose i could use those
7	i think i might have got a little bit of a tan today
7	@hma4983 I'm a laid back person for the most part, Vinny is the opposite.  Guess we compliment each other  it will all work out! How r u?
7	@kricket_rc234 haha  yup. but still have a terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!
7	To all the moms out there in this world have a HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
7	@CharlieShrem  alright...I'm going to get off comp now, go back to ur party  be safe  &amp; have fun!
7	juss boredd, !
7	enjoyed a good time out tonight.  Stupid movie, but good times losing at the pool table!
7	@renu19 lol y??? .. trashed the kitchen ?
7	@JayLink_ I'll be glad to help in any way I can
7	@chi_weets don't hurt me :'[ I meant it in a good way  :]
7	Exhausted. Thank goodness my race is almost here! All this training is ruining my social life
7	i love twitter
7	@dorzki good morning  good luck! Belive in you
7	@invalid_reality damn, you're gonna feel that tomorrow, or tonight. Coffee = laxative.  How's the writing coming?
7	My sister graduated today  it was amazing and super emotional. Wow ...
7	@ShannonKuhns Nah, they don't. All my Twiter followers are fabulous.
7	About to leave the fights. I'm tired and my voice hurts.
7	Halla Miss Haloom  .. how are you dear? am doing fine so far but .. eeem worrying about rationale project.. Allah eyaseer inshallah
7	@djStunz HAHAHAHAHAHHAAAA god Randy, I miss you!  hope you're having a great time buddy! catch a wave for me
7	@da_gurl_cece what up?
7	I have a tummy ache. Buy me this - http://tinyurl.com/pavh76 and I'll feel better.
7	@shaundiviney best movie ever
7	Just saw G.O.D perform I love you I thank you by MC Mong.
7	@SassySpider follow me too
7	@henrytweet good luck with the pump!
7	@denverflyhigh Man it will be a sweep no worries
7	Soooo high
7	@UncleRUSH Hope you get better. I know you will have the best medical attention. if not let me know, I will be right over
7	Packing up and leaving inlaws house heading home sweet home... Had a nice weekend and back to work in a few hours
7	At Bidor with @cincauhangus eating Wantan mee n drinkin Cham Ping.
7	uploading new videos on youuuchuuub!
7	2 hours 3 mins left.....THE PRESSURE!!!! We need to hurry  #48hours
7	@JoeyyJ thats cool. My mom is a teacher in Burbank so we're always like right there. XP ahww i wanna go to the Bahamas!
7	@jmstewart0220 I know!!  It was great!!
7	@nadyogaga yes2 bgt! if everything goes well i'll catch their reunion concert
7	@katekintail Better than nodding off when you're &quot;IN&quot; one  LOL
7	Looks like I have a couple hours of software updates to install on the brand-new machine... feels just like Windows
7	Happy mothers day!
7	@lightbrightly haha, dork  was it good, then?
7	@Nololos yeah  just told Stanley its the only time I want to slap girls icky bitches encoraging bad behavior
7	@jphauk huh what the fuck? Smelly? Noooo. I love alex Vixon
7	Wal mart
7	Trying to look up Iowa State Fair Art entry information. Hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed.
7	@biancamichellee haha kk tell me when u remember
7	sad that borders did not have guerrilla gardening book but otherwise a most lovely relaxing day
7	Happy 11th  I'm going to sleep now lolz
7	gooooonight twitter...... i hope im better tomorrow
7	What does &quot;drink responsibly&quot; mean to you? Please share a tip (or two if you're drunk right now  )
7	@DurbinDigital LOL, yeah I do it cuz it just seems that way sometimes don't it
7	@PlumpPeaches I'm glad you're little Prissy is doing well. It's obvious how much you love her w/the treatment she's getting
7	final one, over. only one more and two pages of an essay left
7	There's a 1,000 you's... there's only 1 of me...
7	- had a great time at the 'block party' - so did mackenzie
7	@MichelleMontana lol..well..no. I've had insomnia since I was 23 :-/ &amp; since then dont sleep a lot of hours, but the ones I do are great!
7	My dad's drunk off his ass. Today was successful.
7	Yep, this is about as &quot;boonies&quot; as it gets, if you look at the map   In transition. Gotta find a place and a job. - http://bkite.com/07kjR
7	@lightgood thank you  You too! I hope this turns out to be a top week for you.
7	im gettin off nd watch a movie nd have a couple of drinks nd shots   ill try 2 get get back on if i can
7	hanging out with Dan and Brian in my room for my last night
7	@findingurstyle lol it's funny but it's not the back... it's all in the legs ;) and I've never hurt my back! Thank God!  Thanks 4 watchin!
7	if tonight was anything like summer i cant wait
7	only got 22.90 in tips last night.. (N) but he earned bulk money anywho
7	OK its official I&quot;M OLD! at least I feel likewise OLD &amp; TIREDD &amp; WASTED!!
7	@andycane wow.... really?!? is this necessary??
7	@kimberley_ thats coz we love you
7	nope, san leandro marina.    how are you?  hope you're well!
7	Happy mother's day to all mothers here!
7	@lexjosephine I heard about your reply! im so jealous! kevin is my favorite! haha
7	@SusanRaymond thanks for the ok ...hope we can tweet more down the road
7	Omg Wango Tango was fucking AWSOME! I love my baby for taking me
7	@BLaCkitaLiaNa7 ay uuuu  happy mothers day
7	mothers day, happy mothers day mom
7	@FokusChicagoKid Ah....okay
7	Wine and Saginaki with 7 friends = good times
7	watched 100th episode of numb3rs. loved how they did a throwback to the first episode, using the sprinkler theory
7	hip hop is alive &amp; well in nashville tn!
7	Campfire and smores
7	I HAVE NEW WORK COMING OUT
7	I'm baking cookies. What are YOU doing?
7	niggas got they eyes on me and i aint talkin bout da BM when i say i got 745 on me
7	@DanielAlxander I like that...gonna have to re-tell
7	@howardlindzon Obama support still at 821 - he's up 13% - needs to hedge his FAS position  heard he bought some stocktwits sweatbands
7	@DrMeredithGrey i think she'll pull through.
7	@tenticketthrill ahahaha! That's funny.
7	@TinainMelbourne Will do
7	@niw Thought you should mention that you don't need to enable Growl in Tweetie to make your plugin work, and to avoid duped notifications
7	can't keep eyes open....*shuts eyes*
7	Is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
7	@MissSididdy ur welcome...anytime
7	http://twitpic.com/4wjjs - i aint a playah, i just crush alot.
7	@misskg86 thanks kelly! that means a lot.  have you figured out your apt thing yet?
7	@gotsthepeppa woo! I was at whole earth tonight, maybe tomorrow some, let me know if you come back. Yay for wikipedia
7	@LMRB besides when u come and visit ill have more room for u!
7	@FLallday Hey Kevin! Yeah, this one's gonna be a toughie for sure - not much sleep. Oh well, only 8 hours to go
7	Have been writing since 6pm &amp; I only have 300 words. Can't help but edit as I write. Stop it, self! Oh, I've also been researching too.
7	@cubbygraham I wanna come!!! How come u didn't invite me!
7	havin fun my friend?
7	its mothers day
7	@ChrisPeezy angels even though I'm probably not the third... ANGELS AND DEMONS
7	happy mother's day!  http://bit.ly/6fGxd
7	@iamjonathancook pleaase dont start dating her, that would suck, then disney kids would listen to ftsk. thanks
7	@sareybarey I just watched that episode again last night.
7	@GenesisFireMoon Ah sorry to hear that, just saw pic of chi. and looks cool  I got beagle and ori-pei
7	@donttrythis Something like that happened to me once: We closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up
7	love it when my sister brags! but she's too tired too spell bowling right! haha its ok I &lt;3 her!!
7	@cnystedt Good morning! I certainly did
7	@tamij Where'd that ? come from? No pup for now. But certainly in the near future. Maybe a beagle. It depends. I do muss my fatboy.
7	@reesnicole We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
7	@charleshope When are you and @gracepiper coming over so we can violently agree?
7	NKU - I can get that app after all!
7	had a good time at prom. They played Jonas Brothers for me. pretty much made my night...
7	Currently brushing up on the art and science of selecting good domain names (after having 550 domains the year before with poor results)
7	@smithld I picked up some stuff I missed the 2nd time  And to think you missed all the in jokes too!
7	@Nemone1 going to imax @130am
7	boooo on life decisions....bottle of wine be my lucky eight ball tonight
7	spirit week! Tuesday have to be in make up by eight so I can die later. School wednesday and thursday then, finally sleep in on Friday!!
7	@prayingmother I like tweet deck and I'll try the other one u recomended Thanks
7	@iamjonathancook awe
7	Mother's Day has been good for me
7	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
7	Hmm..You can't judge a book by looking at its cover
7	OH MY GOD STAR TREK WAS AWESOME AND I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN. OH MY GOD. CHRIS PINE IS SMOKIN'!
7	Making my momma a happy mother day card &lt;3 I love my mommy
7	Ugh! I have to sleep! Tomorrow I will sttart my photobook for my Jonas' concert!  Its just in 1 week, 4 days and 16 hours (:
7	@riceballs Belated kay Tita.  Wow! 2 prizes in a day! Congrats!
7	JB on the front of factor x!!!!! wooh contest timeee
7	@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/4w9w6 - lol you sure love that sushi. you've tweeted many pictures of it.
7	If someone in the family died you would of heard about it. Duhhhhhh. . .
7	@DMBwine yes - I'm having my usual battle with my bed. Bed is winning, so far  How are you chick?
7	@michaelsheen ekkk..thats ruff..hope you have a safe flight and good meeting
7	everything is good except that neck shot and Steve's back of the head shots!
7	@MissHeatherG we are tooo fly boo
7	Every day is Mother's Day.... Don't wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her.
7	HAHA THIS CONVERSATION WAS FUN BUT NOW IM TIRED! GNITE!!!!!!!
7	forgot my macbook's recharger, that means nothing but Pratchett for me today
7	http://bit.ly/wZK3o  &lt;--- Paranoid. I actually like it better performed live rather than the studio version.
7	http://twitpic.com/4wkpl - Widescreen laptop + rotation + comics = Awesome.
7	I have the worst stuffy nose EVER. Lauren's spending the night, and I took too much Sudafed!
7	@KrissyKris725 well wassup than dont be scurred now! lol you'd probably like it if it came to biting!
7	@JonathanRKnight Happy mother's day to ur mom!!! i hope she has a wonderful day!!!!!
7	Cooking dinner!! Its already late!! am making Cabbage Molagootal for dinner!!
7	@kc0219 I will! promise to bring me back something from the moon?
7	i'm going to bed. have fun with the drunk ones.  see ya in the am!
7	&quot;I'll see you again yeah?&quot; &quot;Its up to you&quot; &quot;I guarantee you will, i dont want to wait to long not seeing you&quot; fuckin fruit basket! Hahaha
7	@iadn Ok, just rub it in why don't ya.
7	It's 2am and I still haven't gone to sleep yet! Up early to hit the beach and then shopping! Yays!!!
7	My whole immediate will be in the same city until some point tomorrow afternoon. This is monumental
7	@__loss good god woman! Get some sleep!!! I'll call/text when I'm in the city.
7	done with the packing and everything else ... leaving in 3 hours ...
7	On my way to see diplo with my girl kathryn at smartbar!
7	Dahh- I do believe it's time for bed. G'night
7	@jlojlo you are a very naughty woman - we sooo have to meet!
7	Who out there loves the soup. I do, I do.
7	http://twitpic.com/4wkzi - before prom. this is when all the chaos began
7	@MissNeyra hmm...ok, well I hope you feel better soon babe  Ima go to bed, I have a long day tomorrow
7	@xxmcr_ladyxx just scared for you! youre so young! @chemicalbullets im okay  what you doing?
7	@Bella_in_Forks ::static:: I know! I've barely seen anyone since I got into Paris yesterday.  I've just been walking around.  ::static::
7	I'm off to bed. Head just won't stop giving me pain. ahgg.. Let this sinus, allergy, whatever you are be over tomorrow! Sogni D'oro
7	no clue wtf im doing
7	the day after.... I`m not sick but a little tierd...a bit to much to drink, but I had fun!
7	@skooter88 me neither at first...but u gotta go thru somethin first to get there lmao...i almost burnt my house down and that set me str8
7	We're home now
7	@shadowsinstone And I'm listening.
7	I have a crush on this guy at my job, name is tyler and his eyes are blue and very mesmerizing and he is too cool. Nite
7	i'm staying up to watch it
7	tried  to sleep but i cant bout 2 call tisha
7	@wonderdra IT SHALL BE MINE!! IT SHALL... BE MINE!!! *raises eyebrows*
7	ONE MO TIME BECUZ @AmazingSha HASNT SEEN IT YET!!! AND SHES SOO DAMN COOL, ILL POST IT JUST 4 HER  http://bbltwt.com/0mqko
7	Christian doesn't have a Twitter...But he has a cell phone  Hahah..I'm bored.
7	That was crap.
7	Had a lovely day with mama cuppy
7	@drhorrible http://twitpic.com/4w8ja - aw you guys all look adorable, but Felicia you look a little demonic...
7	@megdia tweet often and it'll draw followers to you
7	Do you wanna talk
7	Planning tomorrow's special breakfast Ima cook for mom  she's gona get so happy
7	@lynne08 okie,thanks ill check it out
7	Happy Mothers Day!  Love your Mom...
7	@lolove and i got hello kitty tattoos!  she's a ballerina and i'm a ladybug
7	Semi-intoxicated Tweet
7	home! day scale from one to ten is an 8  damn i feel old compare to him, haha so cute.
7	AHHHH my keyboards getting worse :/ my BDAY's in 1 more day
7	Surely you have guessed, the Arbiter is no other than Judith.
7	and it is raining in Denver. of COURSE it is
7	@Karen230683 @amysav83 remember and drink plenty of fluids! and no buwieser dose not count!
7	has anyone else seen this? the @twitter DM notification email says &quot;reply on we web.&quot; i am all for cool accents, but it's weird online
7	@_AlexaJordan sigh. come to Sac please. it is the Miami of the central valley.
7	that's enough! I'll do nothing for 2 hours.
7	It's great to be home! Temp is chill, cat is great and I feel awesome
7	Wondering if I shouldn't be gettin to bed about now...
7	ahhh twitter, I havent seen you all day
7	@JennyBax I'm with ya on that one girl!
7	@theamazon111 Plenty of good trivia on wikihow. Just trying to help  hope u got to sleep by now.
7	@chore4n yeah... WE STILL NEEDA HANG OUT! Lol. I's glad you had a super time at the show
7	OK - so I can't sleep...  Twitter it is
7	@shawtysoDOPE who can do it like we? Noboddddyyyy
7	Theres nothing like your own pillow.
7	Church is in 8 hours! I better hurry up so I can get some sleep!
7	@laurafraley01 if only I had half the drive you had!!!  You are my idol
7	Saturday Night Live in 3 minutes  Jimmy should still be on it.
7	@mrskutcher Years ago, my brother saw you and Bruce walking on the sidewalk in Sanibel. I used to live on Pine Is. Great place
7	Less than 99 days til warped tour.
7	@vobes WE Quite Like Worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air.. and not too many Oiks
7	@blawnoxgirl Yes, we will! We should maybe do it in a DM though so we don't annoy our followers. Thought of that too late.    Good night!
7	@chrisettefan the step show was fantabulous! (hi @lcsweets !) my sis's group won 2nd in their division and 2nd in the show overall! WHOO!
7	@meyen: You MUST watch Grey's. It was their 100th episode. Let me know once you do. I don't want to give out any more details
7	Ha we made it safely home
7	following some body on twitter
7	It's not even cold here, but im wearin a big jacket! It's got cat ears on it
7	hung out with Misty today!!!
7	@mmitchelldaviss Hello, I see your online, can u talk to me pleeez!  From a fellow BAMF. lol
7	@robyn3890 it was way worse than that ...and where were you why didnt you say hello?
7	@Twilighter_OfOz cool, catch you laterz!!!
7	@IdolScott That is so great Scott!  So glad to hear it went well   People just love you!!  I'd sure have been there if I were closer.
7	Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
7	@DOOMBUG Totally single.
7	@ionlydrumnaked i've done that before, don't worry. you're not too crazy.
7	@JayLink_ yeah
7	@yansie02 not yet. im still loading it.  have you?
7	@indieandyy  I hope when you're calling this the shitshow you mean that in a good way. because this will be fun.
7	just got my BMTH concert tickets  ? youknowimsofreshtilldeath?
7	@jannarden  I may see the sun come up. All my bits are sore today - but life is still grand  Tomorrow is a new day! Sleep well, Friend!
7	@andrew_apuya hey hey andrew!!! haha! ;P well happy mother's day to your mum.
7	@janmcq - that is awesome.
7	Please remember you need a helmet for the bike asap, talk to you later ok hope your head not to bad
7	@Azlen Don't go there  it is all good
7	@switchfoot My youth group was there! I would have liked 2 go, but I couldn't afford it, &amp; I had a drama performance/party...  Luv ya tho!
7	@skullgirl22 you will never be the same...
7	the voter paint just peeled off my skin. or maybe my skin just peeled off with the voter paint
7	@cArtPhotography Hey, it was a GORGEOUS, day (and night) here, too.  Played in the sun then a full moon lit my way home.    Life is good.
7	has just figured out his username and password for his twitter account
7	Can't sleep. Fucking morning will come to soon. Have to rest! It will be a new day. A perfect day to start new changes
7	@pabloest beer from japan.  google it
7	lip syncing &quot;im so excited&quot; wit blairr then were gonna youtube it
7	@mrskutcher Yes, people skills and social manners are quite nice.  If you a few billion, guess you need MORE love to gently guide you.
7	@KilllWill nope, just whatever you speakin a couple tweets ago lol, but fuck it, i can get u a raider jersey
7	@JoelMadden Awe man, that sucks. Everyone makes mistakes. I have a feeling that people can forgive you
7	@discombob Yeah, she's done it several times. My Dumerils boa did it a few times w/ no prob. Just wonder if my hognose needs bigger food.
7	@Icametumbling Yeah, I've seen that before, funny   *Hey honey, Jill just sent me a dick in a box*
7	@ms_ta_ta haha It's BAD! Anyway goodnight, gorgeous  Sleep super well n shizz
7	better get some sleep soon. she has to get up and go to Sunday meetin' so she can pass out invites to her jewelery party.
7	@SkinnyInTheCity Good to hear... several of my peeps are working tonight...
7	@RetroRewind ty for feeding our NK addiction..ermm i mean our uhh nope yup addiction covers it
7	save me--i feel like i'm going crazy.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z193
7	Artwork at 3AM. Gotta get this portfolio done for MECA by wednesday. Meeting with milonzzi to review it then.
7	@ratherlargedog You should hate your gender less. Not all men are bad. In fact, I quite like mens.
7	OMG disco is PACKED!!!
7	@akomuzikera clearly need to crack the whip some more
7	@RetroRewind Thank You I came on late so YES didn't have a chance to hear it
7	HMV Shinjuku
7	@Marcyluvstravel omg! I dont blame you! hope you didnt hurt him too bad
7	@marco_cali Good morning
7	@LauraRepetti i tested on an old shirt first, which was good coz they failed, but the two i did properly look awesome
7	@jeffcannata before I contemplate that any further, I'm gonna go ahead and take that as a compliment.
7	See FTSK tonight in Grand Rapids
7	gotta hit the hay y'all. big day with the kiddos 2maro. i love being a mommy  much love-- lil
7	Beautiful sunny mornig here in London, time for the morning meditation and some inspired living  http://ff.im/2L36n
7	Well then andy i dont think you should date me
7	@jespern Oops! I got taken ...
7	@solangeknowles And that's what makes you an amAzing MOTHER  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY SOLO!! LUV YA!!
7	...and for the record...this is the best its ever felt not to cross anything off my &quot;to do&quot; list at the end of the day
7	@mosdefaqueen My pleasure. I can't be with my mom on Mother's Day. But I can spread love.
7	@TracyAnn_W Happy Stopping by to wish you a Happy Mother's Day. Tracy   Looking forward to meeting you at the concert.  Hugs....Joy
7	@nikki_78 yes i have to agree it does
7	@jimmietryon You can use it for #iPhone app dev.
7	@ MsRobynp  thank u for that
7	Bye. Tekzilla, then revision.
7	@anyidiot I think we could be related
7	Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on
7	@erica_lick sounds like you need a week of digital detox
7	@mylesagnew NICE! Got any that are indexed that you want to unload?  I need a few.
7	@SheriRocks What are u doin Sheri?!
7	@jacquelinesteps Thanks!  Actually, when I first got my twitter, my pictures wouldn't upload either. But they upload, it just takes a
7	@jairodriguez you are super hot on your show
7	@bsbaegirl unfortunately I know I would like them - which is why I am avoiding them,
7	is at denny's right now with the group. prom was fun
7	@amysav83 you'll be fine  don't worry ... good luck again
7	Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.  (I'm kind of a Mom, i think my little pup counts!  )
7	@dagadong  probably why he's still married to Joan perhaps?
7	is off to Body Power Expo! Thanks to Mike at Performance Network for the free tix!
7	@nsane8 @Icametumbling  Whether that's good or bad, I can't disagree with you there.
7	just did my bit to stimulate the economy
7	its like 2 in the morning..sometimes I just don't know exactly what is best to do..but I will def. figure it out!  ...HAPPY MOMS DAY!
7	@pamjob yay  i'll do you a heart mk shout in a sec pam
7	@ ginniejean there's a lot of mojo all over the place...  yes.
7	@RedJeans542 I have to pee.
7	Hope everyone is okay, especially Americans who are affected by the fire or the Swine flu(h1n1) . OKay, I should pray for them
7	@Lukevdp Actually people were more decisive than that.
7	I was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited
7	is clamped out...haha
7	@ezrabutler ...I wonder if the Dog is thinking the same thing....   #fml
7	@kristenstewart9 Hi!good luck for the mtvawards, Im sure you're going to win!I hope so!I Love your work! ha you speak spanish? take care
7	I chopped a fringe in last night got tired of having it hang in my eyes. Made a mess
7	i changed my picture  i am soo screwed, i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started, i just cant concentrate argh
7	@colinkelly thanks colin hearing that bad knee Imor not il crawl over the finish line  your a wee star
7	Morning, up early to travel to today's game but reli happy my bro is coming to watch me  x
7	@MarkMayhew ha! lemme know what you find (tho I suspect it will be a lot of complaints). Have a peaceful night my friend
7	@mandysaturn13 @_Bella_Cullen13 posted and its good
7	Calling it a night .... talk to yall tomorrow
7	@disang iya, nyokap gue pernah berkata demikian  :-|  and it's so hard to share what we have
7	@Rayyychell They're for my mama  I always bake late and get worried that the mixer is gonna bother people.
7	@snoopmikey will terminator be on next week's TRS by chance? and i dont mean tuesday's release, but the next
7	new photo   im hungry...getting off the computer now!
7	@foprof LOL.  Leave a kid on internet and the kid will do stupid things.
7	Here  dude we got here n a table readyyy fo us
7	@godlessgirl ha, great description of your jealousy I must say.  I will upload a pic 2morrow.  the tat actually represents free-thinking
7	@twilightfan01 Lol, me too!!
7	@tooshort55 it'll probably come out like I'm drunk or something...I'll be so nervous!! LOL...thats why we will be there to help eachother
7	Home now  phone with jason and it's off to bed i go  good night and good night
7	@wildmanrouse cool shot!
7	@BizChamp yes! it definitely paid off ... thanks 4 the advice
7	@DHughesy @rove1974 dudes, c'mon - that's almost the ghey!
7	Exhausted but happy  supercool gig at Love amazing crowd amazing club so happy to be there! Now off to sleep for a few hours
7	@kelsistoudt kels i think i figured this out.. and yer my only real friend on here so im pretty much just stalking you
7	Sleep is not coming easy. Sleeping pills. Need them. Maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. No sleep=craziness. Proven fact!
7	hairspray on tv!
7	[ I'm not sure what you mean by &quot;blowin this joint&quot;?? &quot;] rb@ladypn lol lol good one......  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2zo
7	just came bak from dancing with my NEEWWWW cd  haha im dancing again
7	Just got home. :3 Was pleased with Star Trek.
7	i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away
7	These nice boys realized that we were too short to see over them at the concert and moved   Ugggg, now it's time to pack.  Early flight.
7	@iantalbot It was indeed a lovely evening. Over far too quickly  I got home at 1115 in the end. Coffee in bed this morning
7	Happy Mother's Day to the tweetin' mamas  Nite tweeple!
7	@bubbalou1969 Morning Lou, I Have some housework to do then im off to Church
7	Happy Mother's Day. . .
7	http://twitpic.com/4woxf - Hehe, I flew a plane.. the pink t-shirt is me
7	@captainludd I will have to see the unveiling of your new LR arrangement!  Is there an official event planned
7	@rocketman528 How are you?
7	@tonyt787 I read them a couple of weeks ago  They work really well with the movie.
7	*sigh* Off 2 bed 2 try 2 get these crummy 2 hrs of sleep b4 my horrid 12 hour day..smh. Niterzzz evry1. Don't let the twitterbugz bite..
7	im such a sucker for great cottys
7	Hearing a surprising news about my bestfriend...where are you sis ? You have to tell me the whole story
7	Off to enjoy a Hanami picnic at the cherry tree park. Hope the weather stays nice.
7	@janeybelle15 morning sounds like hard work
7	FINALLY GOT THE BIKE I WANTED!
7	No burgers to be found. New (old) camera to play with though, so that's excellent.
7	@iamoph Happy mothers day sharon
7	stilll awakee :] and its 3am
7	Oh thank god!  so sad that I'm this happy.
7	@TaoGem I hope you didn't take that quote personally!! I've been throwing them out here and there all day-guess I shoulda waited a bit
7	happy 4 all of U who R celebrating mothers day w/ yr moms  i lost MY mom 2 cancer sevrl years ago...
7	@SteamyDarcy Apple's ads aside, I'd rather have recommendations from real people who have real experience with the iPhone apps I seek.
7	No phone call yett... Hrmm. Maybe a call from my end is in order?  I'll wait a bit longer, Prom nights are often 'spuratic' moments.
7	found @grahamcoxon's Spinning Top instead of outtamyleague mp3. pardon me sir. but i promise i'll buy a copy of the cd. i'm saving up
7	@2indya anytime
7	It's mother day, my mom is still there and better than a week ago, I am happy  Weird knowing it's the last one, tho.
7	@simplyjesslee she's hot     What is up w/ all the unknown followers? I've got quite a few- no clue as to why they're following ME.
7	@noisydogstudio sorry 2 hear albert isnt well? dont know whole story, so i'll keep ya'll both in my prayers. (((hugs))) 2 u both!
7	i am a freshman in this site. how to update? help
7	@deedeedet i know. i need to get their cd somewhere.. hopefully they sell it here in finland.
7	words to live by  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3ij
7	@dspecial1 awww  thanks lol - ermm what happened to the studying !? ha ha
7	Now comes the fun part  Because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside US, your changes can be quite tiny.
7	This is to all the people who have MySpaces: PLEASE ADD!!! http://wwww.myspace.com/fiftyfivethreads it's my friend's clothing line
7	@jesssseca i won't make u cry
7	@Caps_Girl Girl, those are bangin' shoes!!!  Work it!
7	@faulko1 was always told to keep sucking something like fruit gums
7	@kerri_louise so i can just watch that again  x
7	@iamcomedy how abt we wait til summer, and do this at ur place...ima need somewhere to stay anyways
7	Omg soo tired! On my way home! Long busy day ; had fun meeting new people and catching up with some people!
7	Huh @kaichanvong ? What's wrong with UNIX environment dev's ?
7	@4everBrandy Looking forward to your show tonight! Enjoy your time in Belgium
7	This site made me &quot;lol&quot;, take a look when you can: http://bit.ly/zUjKf
7	@porquechutzpah Their coming tomorrow morning and it's sort of an impossible task. I just need to clear some space. Thanks though
7	Woke up really late today. Just had breakfast. Planning to stay home, watch TV shows and do nothing. Eat too.
7	Best show of my life. Guess I'm going to sc this week
7	Good Morning!!! Work and then it's ESPN's Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out
7	@DawnRichard OMG!! I done died and went 2 heaven...thanks so much 4 the response...I'm cryin' right now...Luv ya!!
7	@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/3mdce - ONE ROAD, WHERE IS THE DESTINATION?
7	@selenagomez u should tell ppl where u'll be in vancouver.
7	@holidayrooms Whoah, slow down, you're filling my screen! Maybe more effective if you spread tweets out?
7	Watching &quot;Hostage&quot;! Also got an idea for that animation i'm making. Hope to have it ready and post a link here by the fifth of June
7	Chris pine, please be mine.  haha
7	oops! ignore last post  meant to be a direct message!
7	@_ahseya_ cool i want you to take a look at this and tell me what you think
7	@jedwhite - hey, they're at least in PST! You &amp; I are even later... wait, that's not good, is it?
7	@fromblueskies Just wanted to point out that on Youtube, you have more subscribers than Tom Felton. Thought that might make you happy.
7	@natzini Oh no, that's so annoying! I have the same problem - 14 thighs but 10-12 hips! I hope they catch up soon
7	Getting anxious for Blink- 182's new album!
7	@victoria1810 im so fucking proud of you
7	@igobypambeasley glad you could make it
7	Flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.
7	I can't open my eyes properly, maybe if i sleep for a lil' while longer it'll fix itself
7	@lulaeats how was the ice cream?
7	@jdlcaro,  In pre-Twitter days, I'd need   to wait  for a formal  invitation  to speak on edu2.0  from @rom  #Y4IT
7	Mama? you're the best thing that ever happen to me. thanks for everything  &amp; and sorry for hurting you... I LOVE YOU!  &lt;3
7	@califmom @sendchocolate - we're getting closer rather than further from REAL lobby dates - Chicago, BlogHer09 - squee!!!
7	I feel 5 pounds lighter
7	4am. And Im on the beach. Pretty
7	@konaish Do you know if you text to 40404, it'll go to your twitter after you set it up with the settings.  And FB posts - text to 32665.
7	@crazyjen85 gotta love the summer
7	mothers day..didnt do anything exciting...saw a movie
7	@kaysesoze u drink mor than all th #g1freaks put togetha!
7	a bacon roll and a tea and the (hack)day is your friend  #openhacklondon
7	@kay2thetie she's a feisty little cat! she'll keep them on their toes maybe.  yay kitties!
7	Another loser: Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  lost.. http://tinyurl.com/qa4cdv (@ilostthe ...
7	Recogns he could get his assignments out of the way by June  bring it on
7	Loves fatty take away nights... yummy  then coming home and facespacing with my roomies
7	just got home  but about to leave again
7	@PinkyNKOTB hi I'm ok   still not feeling great
7	@IIanS I love U2! Lol, I you ever need a slow but good audiobook Oliver Twist is a one I've been listening to lately.
7	OK tweeps.. sorry. too many twitpic. I'll delete those pics as soon as @serephinaa had 'em copied
7	@johncmayer or lester....pitcher for the red sox
7	@JustinofG4P i hope you feel better
7	@bgbrwneyesNY hm... i don't I can recommend any white chocolates though.. you have to move to the 'dark' side first..
7	@dxpsycho Thanks amigo!
7	,:Mother, Happy Mother's Day.... and to all Mom's there......  God Bless yhaw all... ?
7	damn - Apple store is down for updates... what's coming, I wonder?
7	@BJoie It's my theme song ya know  lol...
7	@johncmayer if ur as awesome as i think u are u would sooo write me back  a lil something   &lt;--- crossing fingers
7	so now that I have a whole 20 followers, 5 of them actual people, I don't know what to write in here anymore
7	@johncmayer Lester?  Guessed her?  Yester-day?  You can think of something.  No cop outs now.
7	@azharusman Walaikum assalam...  Alhamdulillah... I'm in Chicago the w'end of May 29th... Are you there? Would be nice to meat... Duas!
7	@drumzonly yay. das tut trotzdem weh.
7	About to make shit happen  *Pu+ !+ 0n M3*
7	@kaleidoscopeFTW But he got to do it with Effy!
7	@kathyIreland super stressful day &amp; can't sleep...glad I found you your so sweet to take the time to make strangers feel good.
7	@SoTravelNow Hey - Thank you!x and You're Welcome! Must say - I love to travel and where are you at the moment?!x
7	big hair rock day today me thinks  here I go again to start xxxxx ? http://blip.fm/~5z4p7
7	@JessicaBooth LOL @ozdj said to look out for you - but I was in canberra -
7	I really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed!
7	@TferThomas  We are both following and I don't think I have seen him online lol
7	Crap i'm gonna miss the grand prix.I'm going to have to try and sneak back to the room
7	Didn't make to my cousin's yacht convention. Hope he doesn't get upset. And hope he won.
7	@AnnoyingTweeple You having fun LOL? hehe
7	Still feeling tired, tink will go take a nap again n wake up durin dinner time.
7	going out with my tita gi, sister and my beloved lola! Were going to treat her for dinner! Wohoo... So excited and hungry...
7	Wedding anniversary meal yest. - first 5* proper meal out with wife since Rohan born. She did well and only checked her phone 80 times
7	#Happy Mother's Day euch allen
7	@Hyperopia That's gorgeous. I'll check out your new pics!
7	Bout to hit the sack...got shit to do tomorrow. Happy mothers day MOM!
7	i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like @aryanmaine  &lt;3 but damn the money it costs D:
7	@johncmayer esther rhymes with: investor, tester, jester, pester, polyester, semester, sylvester, requester... just to name a few
7	Sheena Othman Happy Mother's Day to all mothers in the world......  I'm yet to experience the joy of being a m.. 31: Sorry, but you ha ...
7	rblpnBro @dhair Not quite where I need to be here ... sad but true. Soon however all will be WELL  6wks ? http://blip.fm/~5z4ve
7	Shooould be sleeping already, but got caught up watching some late night 'Roseanne'. Officially off to bed after the next episode!
7	why wouldn't I?
7	@NovaWildstar Erm yeah watch as it sways and collapses into the river below lol.  Next time you are here we shall have to drag you there
7	finally tommorow is monday.. and the last day of school.. gonna miss them all,  preparing for holiday. i prefer go to bali yeaaay
7	@TheRealYungBerg FOLLOW ME BABY U SAID N DA CHAT U WILL  LUV YA GOODNITE
7	@twebbstack haha &amp; you can tell your kids how I was the one who hooked youz up  lmao
7	church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu,(god bless in german)
7	@AubreyODay happy mommas day . ging is so lucky to have a momma like u  enjoy ur nite! luv ya
7	@debraoakland  Only telling the truth Dibster
7	and we're in
7	@Gardenwiseguy This is truly enlightening for me
7	Mariachi'nin yeni kampanyasi ve beraber gelistirdigimiz Facebook Uygulamasi (Shut The House) Hurriyet'e haber olmus: http://tr.im/msthhh
7	1:40 am...seriously can't sleep. I heard the last thing you should do is be on the computer when you can't sleep. hmmm. what do they know
7	All ready for work... except my arm
7	@Do38 home? where the heck are you? Ima be home so soon! iA!
7	@Sion71 Indeed plenty of jokes to be had  Lying on bed hoping it's going to free up, I'm on Jury service tomorrow...
7	nite nite twitts i wish u all a happy sunday i already have my major gift my my 2kids-my bro-n @_agressiva23 n 1 other gift on d way  tyg
7	@_Emily_Young_ okey
7	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
7	Got pulled over by a cop, got a warning
7	@mromairi They paid you to go? Think before voting, each vote counts
7	Ed is off to Cornwall with school for a week confused   +
7	@johncmayer polyester, protester, quester, semester, sequester...hope this helps
7	twitters gettin a lil bit confusin... twitterific?twitdroid?twitterberry? i understant the txt bit tho lol  ah well, twitters cool anyways
7	@pamjob Thanks
7	@BJoie I sent u the download link for Spanish &quot;Don't Cry&quot;...let me know when u get it
7	@michau Sounds like a good five days
7	I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter
7	@CokedUpBabyBoy No nothing wrong with thinking he's hot, but he belongs to me
7	Oh yea, and I feel really feckin tired today !
7	@CindiCupcaking that's family for you  imna crash, woke up 630 3 days in a row....lol
7	The geeks were out in full force to see Star Trek. Yes, myself included.
7	talking on the phone with someone I've missed a lottt.
7	@kutski brill  i'll try and keep an eye on twitter, didn't help yesterday, ran outta battery right when i needed it.
7	@ScubaStev3 jfufnfwucnbqjic im bored
7	@daniel_beckwith it cant be that good if your twittering instead of watching it  xx
7	Getting ready to go to #Brighton to find myself a new suit from #GreshamBlake - Sunday = me time
7	has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[
7	Ugh i can't sleep and it's reallyy gettin to me gahif pisses me off so bad sometimes. Atleast i know who my friends are
7	Time to wind down and relax a little.  I can only change the world a little through Twitter each evening.  The rest will be up to others.
7	@C_DIG up late again I see?  You missed a great time at Donny's birthday... remember to call him on Monday!
7	Up and about on a Sunday morning after about 3 hours sleep AND alcohol - I should definitely be studied
7	@mariancall I'm just glad that you didn't think that Star Trek didn't live up to its hype, and wasn't a waste of your time and money.
7	@daveg38 I was thinking that too this morning. Don't worry it soon passes
7	@taltalush I have both her CDs and know them both by heart. Really, Tal, you think you can intro ME to country music?!
7	Send Movie recommendations my way please anyone
7	@Soudabeh What happened? ... Doctors don't get sick!   hope you get well soon...
7	@TzakShrike and I have a gentleman's agreement: Whoever wins the first match (or is it best of three?) pays for the other person's copy.
7	@leelougheed no deal I want it as well as my netbook and iPhone please
7	epic day/night. disappointing loss #canucks but watching star trek made it so much better  live long &amp; prosper friends. night \\//-_-\\//
7	@Brutus626 that you got to see your bubb
7	http://bit.ly/PenQl  I've added a new icon to the feedicon database  Have some fun with it!
7	I'd rather sit on a bench with a friendly psychiatric patient than go a party with some &quot;cool&quot; person
7	Morning all! Something for the weekend and leftover dominos. Noiiiiice
7	@joelhouston maybe I missed my chance this time
7	@daveaitel I'm already here  see you there!
7	Do you ever get the idea that your are completely talking to yourself on Twitter?
7	@p47 Not universal. See http://bit.ly/TmJtz  for details.
7	with emma  going 2 see diversity today :O  x
7	@BrookeDavis_x I've got my essay plan written out now  Looking for a couple of references, then I'll get writing!
7	Happy Mothers Day to all the mummies  oxoxo
7	NAPLAN testing, tuesday, wednesday &amp; thursday. i'm afraid about the maths one, english ,not so much
7	It's just a click without subscription needed  Vote for my tweet on http://openzap.com/ (in today best list)
7	@mayurjango @Blogsdna Yeah eCpm is going UP and down badly - hope things improve
7	@Emily_Murtough I'm sure you'll be fine   Have you learnt it?
7	A VERY HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE! Mamma Mia - Abba   ? http://blip.fm/~5z5uw
7	Number 999. My next tweet must be something really special.
7	@ANGiExcoco3 hay wats ur AIM? we should chat
7	@stefanz i have a weird subconscience. i wonder who will i dream next
7	i love pink, and i don't care. today i shall not tweet as i have to hardcore work with jamie! have a nice day everyoneeeee  xxxxxxloser
7	Thank you all for the huge response w/ blessings &amp; congratulations for us and Anna... We're indeed a family in church  love that so much
7	i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself!
7	is suppose to be studying
7	@TaylaMcCloud yeah i did haha 3rd episode is up as well
7	@Emily_Murtough Yeah, I know what you mean. I was really worried about it, but the exam was fine, I'm sure you'll do well
7	@Tory_x little Taylor? i feel sorry for the way she spells her name
7	@SimplyRe A week away from 21 huh!? So what do you wanna sip on - I got 'cha! Shhh... we won't tell  Love you!
7	is predicting a heavyweight battle between Lakers and Cleveland on the Finals! Well, hopefully! *crosses his fingers*
7	Is @ peace with himself happy mothers day to all
7	@mileycyrus Airsoft is horrible!! Hope you didn't get hurt
7	morning the sun is back!!! me like
7	@artgrrl still a bit of a warning signal in my head saying: &quot;you want yesterday's headache back? ok, get yourself a coffee then, quick!&quot;
7	sorry to hear that  It's going okay, just tweeting away  @ashleylovegood
7	Just came back (well yesterday) from the Hannah M. movie, I LOVED IT! I went to the highest part of the cinema to dance! BEAUTIFUL SONGS
7	misses my Mom today. She was my Best Friend and even though she has been gone several yrs I still miss her dearly. Happy Mother's Day
7	Finally came around to shorten my Twitter username from @pascalfinette to @pfinette. If you follow me - no need to change anything.
7	@Audiomonkee Because you're not exactly in those parts of Northern Emirates  It was 5.3 Richter I think.
7	might still be eating and drinking then
7	Makes sense that greatfirewallofchina.org, a site to test whether a site is blocked in China, is blocked in China. Get that?  Any others?
7	Started following QueenRania for a change
7	Take antibacterial to school to clean your hands when you cant go the loos
7	I took a picture of me looking at my bottle of antibacterial. Wicked
7	@iRobC Well there's you, another Twiiter person...erm...difficult to say really...   Let's just say that you could fit all into a minibus!
7	YES. and then they should in non test conditions!
7	@hellosascha I'm currently into Emarosa. Their new album is the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! Haha
7	@BrianMcnugget 167 Brian 167 that's 1...6....7 followers count them and weep. And they ALL know who is the buzz champion by now
7	@justlonely we all have our moments of intense genius...and power...and well, at times, sheer insanity  i need a sanity check!
7	Good Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!!
7	@RichNeville well you scared me saying there may be rustling in the trees!  Happy Sunday to you sir
7	thanks 2 become my friend,twitter..  selalu ada ruang untuk sahabat
7	just got in from michaels and had some shreddies  im well tired, it was fun though ryan wright stoned = LOL
7	@arlocordova yes super lakas ng ulan. buti nalang i have a red bandana, body ko lang ang wet look  hahah!
7	@Fitoria how's the translation going?
7	Just got back from a run &amp; I'm feeling grrrrrreeeeeaat!!!
7	Beautiful sunshine when I woke up  but litterally 2 minutes later it starts to rain! I must be cursed.
7	@vennsoh Oh good, this thing is viral now
7	@DaveyJam live live or leaked live? If it's live properly I may just role outta bed and download it
7	Spend a great time with family and friends. Thanks you guys
7	forgot the pin of my debit card. thank God the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister's birthday. wheew!
7	@iRobC It's a an MK mentality...I think
7	@Alicat13 Looks like both to me Alison.
7	@pcsketch Oh dear, it will be late there.... good ol Michigan!  Well I look forward to chatting with you when our wakeful hours overlap.
7	@turohaapamaki suck it up
7	http://twitpic.com/4ws8w - Look who I brought home
7	is slowly crunching the reality that june is fast approaching. in other words, classes again, and another year will be added to my age.
7	In shower and getting ready after I come out!  Going Christening!
7	@vonnvonn why thank you. Couldn't resist it
7	@ilhongy if i can buy sleep for you, i will... that's what you need!
7	back on the twit. much hw's to do... will post something interesting when i think of it
7	Robbie Wadge where are you? Does anyone know Robbie? Calling Robbie!
7	Indo Girl in Thai Traditional Clothes being object for tourist at Wat Arun
7	up odee early qot a call from some1 who I haven't heard from in a very lonq time
7	Good morning Twitter!
7	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL MOMMIES
7	@BrianMcnugget are you getting my messages or do you have to add me to recieve them, soz I'm new to this
7	@londicreations  I don't mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tune, but those who just whistle nothing drive me crazy!
7	got a prerecorded phone call from JJ asking to vote for ADMK led front, phone number is +914044621160, hyderabad connections
7	@GabezRosales i'm still crossing my fingers for a fun group
7	Finally getting to bed! Night tweeples
7	@fletcherxx maxxie and anwar. ep 5? i think. i am up to that one next.
7	@casual_intruder well said...please take him off my hands..i can't cope !!!! Set that fox on him
7	no food in fridge... time for grocery shopping... via internet!!  could get used to shopping like this.
7	start again... so now theres 6 people coming with us when we go to melbourne...for short stack. originally 4. but still only 3 for ss
7	@kamathvasanth: wait till the vacation ends! u shud be cycling a lot then!
7	Hey don't write yourself off yet. Little girl you're in the middle of the ride
7	gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph!
7	Listening to We Are Dead Ocean by @Draculatron. I actually listened twice in a row because it's so short and pleasing
7	@pcsketch There is a motorcycle for sale down the road. Mind you it'd be stupid of me to get it. Summer 5 months away.
7	@Meshel_Laurie sorry to hear about a horrible weekend! It can only get better! Keep smiling.
7	@Hanster7705 yeah, it's tragic  i need a haircut
7	I'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome.
7	right, caffeine levels topped up, few more hours revision then #f1 time  'mon the jenson.
7	@MariahCarey
7	home after spending a day catching up with my old pals
7	@Scarfresh i want u to know i don't like u hun  j/p u know we go back
7	@Dina_Vinson no need to worry. I'll be by your side
7	@Meech13 oh i love sunday mornings like this - mum just made scrambled eggs on toast
7	Getting my shit together then leaving work and going to bed
7	has plopped TWICE! TWICE!  http://plurk.com/p/svs0y
7	@alexa_chung oh get well soon Alexa, take some rest
7	Orange vitamin water 10 is my new addiction  U should try it.
7	just chilling out in my room on the computer
7	Sunrise by Blvd East is awesome. Now to get some sleep. YAY!!
7	Great day. And another one awaits
7	...and a big bag to take up as well as a rain coat. This is the bad part about having to places to live  Twitter Later  xxx
7	@monabarry Ohhhh! Ok! thought that I was going nuts!! Maybe they will pass through here on the way back!
7	@MrTomHill Thank a yoou  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
7	spending more money on trademe, hope i got a bargain
7	@jonathanlerwill do you want to do my laundry as well?
7	http://twitpic.com/4wsst - one of my models from a photo shoot.  stacey
7	@squaringkarma thanks
7	Remmber time crisis ? Try it on the #iPhone
7	mothers day today      school tomorrow and a full week of National Testing
7	@gabexmosh &quot;with done&quot;?
7	Njoying sunday @netrockers plce and learning abt more in joomla
7	@F1TailPipe_com Thanks
7	@lewisking don't you procrastinate!   (like I do...)
7	@gfalcone601 dont you think this tour went fast? i do
7	@LLC1983 Thanks
7	iono...I guess I'm getting off now. L8r twits
7	@jbaldwin Perfect. Thank you. Enjoy your sunday of no work
7	@kazzababe95 cut yourself a slice of cheese cake.. it makes everything better
7	Good night all... Just set this twitter thing up. I'm very new at this, but I expect it to come in handy.
7	On another note, geoDefense Easy down. Onwards to the medium maps, where a whole other world of pain awaits my exploration!
7	hoping to hear from you all soon
7	@Peddlee Haha... How could u? dun eat properly rt? see lar~ Go take medicine
7	@mellalicious fey slays it in #30rock but title of that film sounds bad  #Inbruges is a funny indie little euro city hitman gone bad tale!
7	@Elliecopter_ rofl im glad! haha yeah me tew! but usually i get up at the same time and just spend more time on twitter! tehehe!
7	still up, JUST GOT HOME.  ready to go to sleep..
7	@josepicardo Ahh okay makes sense to start the preparations now then
7	I'm not! They frighten me to death............I just like to see all the boys in their leathers!  ;) We go every year. Brilliant atmos!
7	@SaliWho morrissey will cure you  I am jealous. but not in a slash your tyres way just in a hope you enjoy it wish I cuold go way
7	Here's a brief preview: http://bit.ly/eHCfP   OMG James is creepy in that role! I'm scared of him
7	@zuzu I didn't get a lot of sleep myself last night. And it is a good thing, reading
7	http://twitpic.com/4wsue - yeah  well thanks *blushes*
7	I feel rather cheery, despite being stuck indoors all day revising
7	happy birthday great-grandmother  ../././. bad news on a good day &gt;&lt; but ame is living
7	Feeling the effects of the party last night. Drank far too much. 2 chicken burgers and one lamb burger. I did dance a fair bit tho.
7	I loveeee NY! Getting breakfast then gonna go mimis I'm sooo tiredddd! missing him ODeeee! Love you
7	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
7	@inesthefreak - Wtf Polyvore? what's that?  enjoy it though.
7	@McFlyingGirl omg i had that book its soo funny
7	@Santbrink boffert
7	Listening to have heart. Aka i took over carlys last.fm      its 4am need to be up in 4 hours.  Looooong day tomorrow
7	a pink balloon for mum on her day
7	Hey Stu did you see the cool 'family' picture on Jess' facebook?  Soo good to see You All
7	sandwichesss, then work
7	Training #Stud-Life: A fost Tiberiu Lovin la noi. Am aflat ca sunt imbecili peste tot. FUN
7	Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all
7	@damohopo I didn't headbutt anyone! Not that I know about anyway! ;) You ok today?  Football today?
7	i thought spock's vulcan sign looked a bit weird - turns out zachary quinto couldn't do it so he had his hands glued. but he's still hot
7	@zoziekins ACSM. it's unfathomable.  i think the other one .. and the .. is one that should be kept to the comfort of our bedrooms. yes?
7	@tommcfly but it all went too quick and there wasn't a chance lol
7	Yang4 - finally got it  Chinese is hard when every other kid has a Zhonguoren adult at home! We're all foreign devils here ;)
7	Just got back from AC. Why am I not freaking out of the midyr exam ? :o HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY, MUMMY
7	Woke up at 5am. Cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. Should really go back to sleep, but kids awake.
7	@TheSimsHub Really? Hooray! Can't wait!
7	G*morning! Rain, rain and more rain.. ! But I don't care so much
7	@NursingDrPepper I told you I'd be back  Just won't be updating as much before my exams. Looking forward to a day or two in your house ;)
7	oh thats hard-going. I'm writing a book at the moment so am motivating myself to press on with that.
7	@MacQuid Soetimes I envy those who have spent their whole lives in one place and have deep roots... the grass on the other side syndrome!
7	Sippin on the goose &amp; bull all night has got me twisted lol...on my way home from Club Wet. Interesting night
7	Has got to go to work with a slight hangover gd nite thou
7	@sandy195850 That's me set up for an exciting Sunday lol
7	Just downloaded parnoid
7	@madnessofmany called about it, no answer shall try again tomorrow
7	@TMJP actually i would prefer you not check me out .....
7	@vadimkozhin why do you think so?
7	I wonder what you're doing, imagining where you are, there's oceans in between us, but that's not very far.  http://plurk.com/p/svxe1
7	happy birthday to my little sister gee! in celebration, have an article
7	@ronnilab Hahahah, I will be using that saying from now on!
7	Oh. Now it doesn't need updating all of a sudden. Ok. Will get dressed anyway
7	@twilightgossip I hope you feel better soon
7	just as i finish checking all my emails, i get 5 more. because like 5 more people are following me on twitter. hi people following me!
7	Cleaning up from yesterdays wild party
7	I guess she's not the type of songwriter who dreams the great ones.
7	@sleepynikki - I will see if there's a used organ shop there &amp; let you know. But why not just sign up to ejamming.com and rock out!
7	Show 147 in pre-pre production ....... a bit behind
7	did 14.5 miles in the Peak last night, with a nice 5 mile run back to the car this morning
7	My bet on Mumbai Indians today... Anyone to take a bet on this for 500 bucks??
7	@JPMizDELiCiOUS  hii
7	has now been informed by a close personal friend that the sore head is due to infact 4 pints not 2
7	@codepo8 I must admit when i first saw that name posted i thought it was an exploit attempt
7	sorry i havent tweeted in a while- i was on holiday then was ill but im better now
7	@TheRealJayRome heya thanks for accepting the add
7	@jonoble Hope you'll be able to join us for future editions
7	just watched One Tree Hill episode 22 season 6... never cried this much since keith died!!!!!! OTH is epic for sure!!!!!!  Xxx
7	did it!!  back in pakistan! - http://bkite.com/07kBQ
7	@jonesyladdd SAME. its just not happening, and im going out too!. UH-OH.
7	That's more like it - 3rd  #fb
7	2 more weeks of school not including weekends. omg right on. im so excited yet scared. omg. ahhhh. i can't wait to grad.
7	Happy mothers day Mummy  ?
7	... I will launch (make or break) the alpha phase of my residential real estate rental website. (Commitment of first grade
7	@doctorbond if you meant to heavy rain n flood in bkk last night, lucky I was out of bkk
7	@28doomdoom28 I saw that on jonas too  But where is that line from cos I've heard of it my I can't remember where?
7	@sandy195850 we have two small dogs, good to hear that Center Parcs wd take them. Cruising to New York on the Queen Mary 2, real treat
7	@originalgabriel Sure thing!
7	Photo: My New Shoes!  http://tumblr.com/xmx1qzcts
7	@drewryanscott then u should went to vegas like u did last year  I think this was around the time u killed that animal with ur old car LOL
7	Guys will go see Constance 
7	@MacQuid No! Strange, each time we return I feel like I have come home and yet I have no Spanish blood that I know of....
7	@hunz i tend to freak most people out - I am, err, somewhat mad.
7	I'm in need of someone with a good gaydar ... Seriously
7	@MollyMaison moooooooooooooooo? lol i copied that last.fm thing you had  looks good
7	Going to bed...I love the weekends
7	kids  b'day party/picnic  in canazarro park.  The other half 'hurts' today
7	@tsarnick Oh, yeah.. I'm aiming for a 160 on the scorecard today man!  I'm gonna be in vicious mental/physical pain in a few hours...
7	Mothers day isnt until the 31th here in sweden.But thnx for the pm's
7	@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great
7	Spent the night finally relaxing with Nogard on WoW after finishing some work Needed to take a small break from art. I really missed this
7	is looking at that person from a very different pov.  never thought i'd see this day arrive!
7	@freshypanda I work with drunk golfers, it can be exciting! It wasn't bad  Yours, sir?
7	trying to NOT fall asleep while doing ancient assignment. Drinking some water with ice and lime! yum
7	Fishing on WoW while listening to ska on Pandora. Such a lazy Sunday morning
7	@smilyross Do tell...
7	@damana Was he big and strong - and would he like a pedometer?
7	Is ahhh, ching chong wing wong ping pong ding dong!
7	@errolbeats - no, @hamsterfurrey is buttfuck stupid. I'm just silly and forgetful
7	Happy mother's day all you moms!
7	maybe going to see the hannah montana movie todaaaay  i've seen it one time before, but can't wait to see it again!!
7	At my parents, net is good  Enjoyin myself too.
7	@daniellebabeyy babe  ive been aight, urselff?
7	oh no its ok  they are coming on just now x]
7	@TradingGoddess &quot;Perfect Practice makes Perfect&quot;
7	@nezorousylex hey!  not much, you?
7	I don't think our ISP is too happy with us this weekend!
7	@Kekic Lmao i know !! pleaseeee reply  You got any replies yet? :L x
7	ssshhh everybody, I think @dagadong is asleep... don't disturb him.
7	im at scotts being a fatty
7	@carrotmadman6 @sjdvda @Morinn The folks at MBB are no  longer reviewing blogs? Long time I have read a new blog review.
7	13 hours til i'm on a plane. Ahhh yay
7	@reivad so's the smell of cigarettes and alcohol... at least *i * like it.
7	@JamesHancox i don't know why but, i can only find miss matched socks during winter. i mean, where do they all go?
7	9 hours and 10 mins until I can go home and sleep  I hour till I have to go to work :| can't wait for 5 days off this week!
7	@mutantsounds i was think of something with a better view, but i am on a tight budget.
7	@MissxMarisa Yeah, I think you're hyper enough girly.
7	@Yoga_fan Been busy trumping your cheese omlette with a cheese and chili omlette. An omnomlette
7	but I keep updating.
7	@TwistedHelen i emailed you back baby   how goes???
7	Going to Hong Kong tonight. Hope I can sleep in the airplane. Worth case I have the last G. Musso to read
7	My english is broken
7	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
7	That's it! My local coffeeshop has sold me shitty stuff for the last time... I'm quitting!
7	@gustaf_nk Wouldn't call that cool or dangerous. Reckon it fits into the stupid category
7	@PembsDave #wheniwerealad can you explain how that worked? lol  and no rude  explanations pleeezzze
7	@RealShamu Wow, that is great!! I'll do that!  Sorry for the misunderstanding! And see you soon! Going to Orlando in two days!! )
7	@Zanna85 i changed my mind dammit!! a Tsar can change his mind at any time without no prior notice
7	Searching my home for a few things to cook them for dinner this evening. It's mothers day so guess who im eating with
7	watching click, they are talkin about twitter and celebrityTweet  im just gonna get ready for work
7	@davepenny47 Actually, I also thought Mother's Day was May 31st until I was remembered of Pentecost  Uselessly complicated, I would say
7	@rustycharm Evening  Yorkshire's warm but overcast. How's NZ? Don't tell me - dark lol
7	doing the andy dance  the one on fonzie gomez show ;) haha
7	Whats your name: Adelaide-Marie How old r u: 14 Where Do u live: IN THE WORLD  lol i jk, canada(toronto)
7	@wendy_fred6 *shivers with fear*
7	@ram014  thanks...but what happened?
7	thinking about recent job opportunities and hoping to get one! and gettng ready for church
7	@Puppetguy indeed, we live a life on the edge of things, and one foot foul of the law!!
7	@kateblogs It's never too late - they just need to buck their ideas up and stop being such a bunch of stuffy old reactionaries!
7	@capricorn_one Could use GarageBand though it's probably overkill.
7	It takes nearly 2 days to figure out what causes the mic problems at #euruko: Do not hold the mic at the bottom!
7	@chrispringle Luke M here, thanks Ps Chris! Ur husband is pretty cool I reckon! Sorry u were feeling sick and hope you feel better soon!
7	tomorrow is going to be sooo awkward &amp; embarassing. lights &amp; sounds last night was awesome
7	@icebergstorm hey! negative on the primatech, this handle's been on the tubes for a decade longer than heroes has
7	@PH7S sure. But be careful also of making statements that we don't do it. Parallel ideas do happen. I've seen it myself.
7	How Do You Sleep - Jesse McCartney
7	@givemestrength bloody Feds, they lost last statement and r hounding me for another one. I dodged them one last week
7	The poor soldier fell without injury on the moist ground, and the blue light went on burning, but of what use was that to him?
7	He saw very well that he could not escape death.
7	The little man took him by the hand, and led him through an underground passage, but he did not forget to take the blue light with him.
7	In a short time she came by like the wind, riding on a wild tom-cat and screaming frightfully.
7	"What am I to do?" asked the little man.
7	The manikin said: "That is an easy thing for me to do, but a very dangerous thing for you, for if it is discovered, you will fare ill."
7	Next morning when the princess arose she went to her father, and told him that she had had a very strange dream.
7	"I was carried through the streets with the rapidity of lightning," said she, "and taken into a soldier"s room, and I had to wait upon him like a servant, sweep his room, clean his boots, and do all kinds of menial work.
7	It was only a dream, and yet I am just as tired as if I really had done everything."
7	And again the princess was compelled to do servant"s work until cock-crow.
7	Next morning the king sent his people out to seek the track, but it was all in vain, for in every street poor children were sitting, picking up peas, and saying: "It must have rained peas, last night."
7	"We must think of something else," said the king; "keep your shoes on when you go to bed, and before you come back from the place where you are taken, hide one of them there, I will soon contrive to find it."
7	The black manikin heard this plot, and at night when the soldier again ordered him to bring the princess, revealed it to him, and told him that he knew of no expedient to counteract this stratagem, and that if the shoe were found in the soldier"s house it would go badly with him.
7	Next morning the king had the entire town searched for his daughter"s shoe.
7	It was found at the soldier"s, and the soldier himself, who at the entreaty of the dwarf had gone outside the gate, was soon brought back, and thrown into prison.
7	In his flight he had forgotten the most valuable things he had, the blue light and the gold, and had only one ducat in his pocket.
7	Next day the soldier was tried, and though he had done nothing wicked, the judge condemned him to death.
7	"That I may smoke one more pipe on my way."
7	The king was terrified; he threw himself on the soldier"s mercy, and merely to be allowed to live at all, gave him his kingdom for his own, and his daughter to wife.
7	Then came the old cook, who knew that the child had the power of wishing, and stole it away, and he took a hen, and cut it in pieces, and dropped some of its blood on the queen"s apron and on her dress.
7	The cook, however, thought to himself: "If the child has the power of wishing, and I am here, he might very easily get me into trouble."
7	The thought occurred to him, however, that the king"s son might some day wish to be with his father, and thus bring him into great peril.
7	Then he mounted up and looked inside, and cried: "Beloved mother, Lady Queen, are you still alive, or are you dead?"
7	Then the third son offered to keep watch; but the gardener at first would not let him, for fear some harm should come to him: however, at last he consented, and the young man laid himself under the tree to watch.
7	Then the fox said, "Do not shoot me, for I will give you good counsel; I know what your business is, and that you want to find the golden bird.
7	Time passed on again, and the youngest son too wished to set out into the wide world to seek for the golden bird; but his father would not listen to it for a long while, for he was very fond of his son, and was afraid that some ill luck might happen to him also, and prevent his coming back.
7	But the young man refused to do it: so the fox said, "I will at any rate give you good counsel: beware of two things; ransom no one from the gallows, and sit down by the side of no river."
7	There was once a miller who had one beautiful daughter, and as she was grown up, he was anxious that she should be well married and provided for.
7	When Sunday came, and it was time for the girl to start, a feeling of dread came over her which she could not explain, and that she might be able to find her path again, she filled her pockets with peas and lentils to sprinkle on the ground as she went along.
7	The poor betrothed girl crouched trembling and shuddering behind the cask, for she saw what a terrible fate had been intended for her by the robbers.
7	She was obliged to step over the bodies of the sleepers, who were lying close together, and every moment she was filled with renewed dread lest she should awaken them.
7	But God helped her, so that she passed safely over them, and then she and the old woman went upstairs, opened the door, and hastened as fast as they could from the murderers" den.
7	The bridegroom, who during this recital had grown deadly pale, up and tried to escape, but the guests seized him and held him fast.
7	"What kind of condition is it?" asked the King.
7	As he now feared that the step-mother might not treat them well, and even do them some injury, he took them to a lonely castle which stood in the midst of a forest.
7	But she was afraid of her step-mother, and entreated the King to let her stay just this one night more in the forest castle.
7	"Here canst thou not abide," they said to her.
7	"This is a shelter for robbers, if they come home and find thee, they will kill thee."
7	So the father sent one of his sons in haste to the spring to get some water, but the other six ran with him.
7	Each wanted to be first at drawing the water, and so they were in such a hurry that all let their pitchers fall into the well, and they stood very foolishly looking at one another, and did not know what to do, for none dared go home.
7	She took nothing with her but a little ring which her father and mother had given her, a loaf of bread in case she should be hungry, a little pitcher of water in case she should be thirsty, and a little stool to rest upon when she should be weary.
7	Thus she went on and on, and journeyed till she came to the world"s end; then she came to the sun, but the sun looked much too hot and fiery; so she ran away quickly to the moon, but the moon was cold and chilly, and said, "I smell flesh and blood this way!" so she took herself away in a hurry and came to the stars, and the stars were friendly and kind to her, and each star sat upon his own little stool; but the morning star rose up and gave her a little piece of wood, and said, "If you have not this little piece of wood, you cannot unlock the castle that stands on the glass-mountain, and there your brothers live."
7	The little girl took the piece of wood, rolled it up in a little cloth, and went on again until she came to the glass-mountain, and found the door shut.
7	On a sudden she heard a fluttering and croaking in the air, and the dwarf said, "Here come my masters."
7	But the youngest said, "I don"t know how it is, while you are so happy I feel very uneasy; I am sure some mischance will befall us."
7	The soldier saw them going down through the trap-door one after another, the eldest leading the way; and thinking he had no time to lose, he jumped up, put on the cloak which the old woman had given him, and followed them; but in the middle of the stairs he trod on the gown of the youngest princess, and she cried out to her sisters, "All is not right; someone took hold of my gown."
7	Then the youngest daughter said again, "I am sure all is not right--did not you hear that noise?
7	And the soldier broke a branch from each; and every time there was a loud noise, which made the youngest sister tremble with fear; but the eldest still said, it was only the princes, who were crying for joy.
7	At this, too, the youngest sister was terribly frightened, but the eldest always silenced her.
7	So he rode away, and when he reached his father, the latter was dangerously ill, and near his death.
7	He said to him: "Dear son, I wished to see you once again before my end, promise me to marry as I wish," and he named a certain king"s daughter who was to be his wife.
7	Then she asked if he required any huntsmen, and if he would take all of them into his service.
7	There was, however, a servant of the king"s who favoured the huntsmen, and when he heard that they were going to be put to this test he went to them and repeated everything, and said: "The lion wants to make the king believe that you are girls."
7	Then the king"s daughter thanked him, and said to her maidens: "Show some strength, and step firmly on the peas."
7	But the servant, who was well disposed to the huntsmen, went to them, and disclosed the project.
7	So when they were alone the king"s daughter said to her eleven girls: "Show some constraint, and do not look round at the spinning-wheels."
7	The king thought something had happened to his dear huntsman, ran up to him, wanted to help him, and drew his glove off.
7	I was dreadfully afraid when I saw you that you had got the squire"s pig.
7	If you have, and they catch you, it will be a bad job for you.
7	Poor Hans was sadly frightened.
7	"Good man," cried he, "pray get me out of this scrape.
7	I know nothing of where the pig was either bred or born; but he may have been the squire"s for aught I can tell: you know this country better than I do, take my pig and give me the goose."
7	"And would a better fate have fallen to my lot?" said the straw.
7	"But what are we to do now?" said the coal.
7	"I think," answered the bean, "that as we have so fortunately escaped death, we should keep together like good companions, and lest a new mischance should overtake us here, we should go away together, and repair to a foreign country."
7	Soon, however, they came to a little brook, and as there was no bridge or foot-plank, they did not know how they were to get over it.
7	The straw therefore stretched itself from one bank to the other, and the coal, who was of an impetuous disposition, tripped quite boldly on to the newly-built bridge.
7	But when she had reached the middle, and heard the water rushing beneath her, she was after all, afraid, and stood still, and ventured no farther.
7	The straw, however, began to burn, broke in two pieces, and fell into the stream.
7	The coal slipped after her, hissed when she got into the water, and breathed her last.
7	Then the man said, "I knew not that the garden belonged to you; can nothing save my life?"
7	Then the servant was greatly frightened, and said, "It may perhaps be only a cat or a dog."
7	But he would not, and said that it would be a very hazardous thing; for if the least ray of the torch-light should fall upon him his enchantment would become still worse, for he should be changed into a dove, and be forced to wander about the world for seven long years.
7	Then the east wind and the west wind came, and said they too had not seen it, but the south wind said, "I have seen the white dove--he has fled to the Red Sea, and is changed once more into a lion, for the seven years are passed away, and there he is fighting with a dragon; and the dragon is an enchanted princess, who seeks to separate him from you."
7	"Oh! but, grandmother, what a terrible big mouth you have!"
7	When he had made two snips, he saw the little Red-Cap shining, and then he made two snips more, and the little girl sprang out, crying: "Ah, how frightened I have been!
7	How dark it was inside the wolf"; and after that the aged grandmother came out alive also, but scarcely able to breathe.
7	Red-Cap, however, was on her guard, and went straight forward on her way, and told her grandmother that she had met the wolf, and that he had said "good morning" to her, but with such a wicked look in his eyes, that if they had not been on the public road she was certain he would have eaten her up.
7	One day he came to a great forest, and when darkness overtook him he could find no shelter, and knew not where to pass the night.
7	When people are too well off they always begin to long for something new.
7	And now what happened?
7	But the sausage remained so long away, that they became uneasy, and the bird flew out to meet him.
7	He had not flown far, however, when he came across a dog who, having met the sausage, had regarded him as his legitimate booty, and so seized and swallowed him.
7	So now the bird set the table, and the mouse looked after the food and, wishing to prepare it in the same way as the sausage, by rolling in and out among the vegetables to salt and butter them, she jumped into the pot; but she stopped short long before she reached the bottom, having already parted not only with her skin and hair, but also with life.
7	In his alarm and flurry, he threw the wood here and there about the floor, called and searched, but no cook was to be found.
7	Then some of the wood that had been carelessly thrown down, caught fire and began to blaze.
7	The bird hastened to fetch some water, but his pail fell into the well, and he after it, and as he was unable to recover himself, he was drowned.
7	I leapt over the tree because the huntsmen are shooting down there in the thicket.
7	The giants were terrified, they were afraid that he would strike them all dead, and ran away in a great hurry.
7	"If we quarrel with him, and he strikes about him, seven of us will fall at every blow; not one of us can stand against him."
7	"We are not prepared," said they, "to stay with a man who kills seven at one stroke."
7	But he did not venture to give him his dismissal, for he dreaded lest he should strike him and all his people dead, and place himself on the royal throne.
7	In a forest of his country lived two giants, who caused great mischief with their robbing, murdering, ravaging, and burning, and no one could approach them without putting himself in danger of death.
7	The little tailor demanded of the king the promised reward; he, however, repented of his promise, and again bethought himself how he could get rid of the hero.
7	"I fear one unicorn still less than two giants.
7	He did not take the huntsmen with him into the forest, and they were well pleased that he did not, for the wild boar had several times received them in such a manner that they had no inclination to lie in wait for him.
7	When these men heard the tailor speaking thus, they were overcome by a great dread, and ran as if the wild huntsman were behind them, and none of them would venture anything further against him.
7	He might certainly have found a good bed on the soft moss, but the fear of wild beasts let him have no rest there, and at last he was forced to make up his mind to spend the night in a tree.
7	After he had spent some hours in the darkness, not without fear and trembling, he saw at a very short distance the glimmer of a light, and as he thought that a human habitation might be there, where he would be better off than on the branches of a tree, he got carefully down and went towards the light.
7	The tailor did not know what to do, or whither to turn, in order to get out of this desert and back to human beings again.
7	Whilst he was standing thus undecided, a voice sounded out of the rock, which cried to him, "Enter without fear, no evil shall befall you thee."
7	I passed the night in the greatest disquietude, and only fell asleep towards morning.
7	"I at once suspected nothing good.
7	"Yes," said the lord of the castle, "if you will pass the night down there in the old tower, go thither; but I warn you, it is at the peril of your life, for it is full of wild dogs, which bark and howl without stopping, and at certain hours a man has to be given to them, whom they at once devour."
7	He was undecided, and knew not if he were worthy of this, but the doves counselled him to do it, and at length he said yes.
7	Then the sister cried, "Pray, dear brother, do not drink, or you will become a wild beast, and tear me to pieces."
7	Then the sister cried out, "Pray, dear brother, do not drink, or you will become a wolf, and devour me."
7	The sister said, "Oh, I pray you, dear brother, do not drink, or you will become a roebuck, and run away from me."
7	The little sister, however, was dreadfully frightened when she saw that her fawn was hurt.
7	I will not let you out."
7	The maiden was frightened when she saw, not her little roe, but a man come in who wore a golden crown upon his head.
7	She came thus many nights and never spoke a word: the nurse always saw her, but she did not dare to tell anyone about it.
7	The King dared not speak to her, but on the next night he watched again.
7	They were still not safe; for he was such a great beast that in his fall he overset the boat, and they had to swim in the open sea upon a few planks.
7	Poor Sultan, who was lying close by them, heard all that the shepherd and his wife said to one another, and was very much frightened to think tomorrow would be his last day; so in the evening he went to his good friend the wolf, who lived in the wood, and told him all his sorrows, and how his master meant to kill him in the morning.
7	Now Sultan had nobody he could ask to be his second but the shepherd"s old three-legged cat; so he took her with him, and as the poor thing limped along with some trouble, she stuck up her tail straight in the air.
7	Now this rock belonged to fierce giants who lived upon it; and as he saw three of them striding about, he thought to himself, "I can only save myself by feigning to be asleep"; so he laid himself down as if he were in a sound sleep.
7	But the huntsman had heard all they said; and as soon as they were gone, he climbed to the top of the mountain, and when he had sat there a short time a cloud came rolling around him, and caught him in a whirlwind and bore him along for some time, till it settled in a garden, and he fell quite gently to the ground amongst the greens and cabbages.
7	Then the witch herself took it into the kitchen to be dressed; and when it was ready she could not wait till it was carried up, but took a few leaves immediately and put them in her mouth, and scarcely were they swallowed when she lost her own form and ran braying down into the court in the form of an ass.
7	Now the servant-maid came into the kitchen, and seeing the salad ready, was going to carry it up; but on the way she too felt a wish to taste it as the old woman had done, and ate some leaves; so she also was turned into an ass and ran after the other, letting the dish with the salad fall on the ground.
7	So she ate of it, and like the others ran off into the court braying away.
7	"What"s the matter?" said the miller.
7	Your wishing-cloak hangs up in the closet, and as for the bird"s heart, I will give it you too."
7	Where have you been?"
7	"Where is the knife, Hans?"
7	Then Lina said to Fundevogel: "If you will never leave me, I too will never leave you."
7	Then said Lina: "Then will I tell you.
7	Last night, old Sanna carried so many buckets of water into the house that I asked her why she was doing that, and she said that if I would promise not to tell anyone, and she said that early tomorrow morning when father was out hunting, she would set the kettle full of water, throw you into it and boil you; but we will get up quickly, dress ourselves, and go away together."
7	Then she was terribly alarmed, and she said to herself: "What shall I say now when the forester comes home and sees that the children are gone?
7	They must be followed instantly to get them back again."
7	Then the cook sent three servants after them, who were to run and overtake the children.
7	The children, however, were sitting outside the forest, and when they saw from afar the three servants running, Lina said to Fundevogel: "Never leave me, and I will never leave you."
7	When they got home, the cook asked if they had not found them; so they said no, they had found nothing but a church, and there was a chandelier in it.
7	The children, however, saw from afar that the three servants were coming, and the cook waddling after them.
7	However, the king hoped still to save his dear child altogether from the threatened evil; so he ordered that all the spindles in the kingdom should be bought up and burnt.
7	The old man tried to hinder him, but he was bent upon going.
7	"Go into the garden and dig where I tell you, and you will find the yellow buttons: I dare not go myself."
7	"Here goes, however," said she: and down went the door with such a clatter upon the thieves, that they cried out "Murder!" and not knowing what was coming, ran away as fast as they could, and left all the gold.
7	"Pray," said she, "whose is this wood?"
7	So she ran home and told him all.
7	All on a sudden, as she was going out, in came the king"s son in golden clothes; and when he saw a beautiful woman at the door, he took her by the hand, and said she should be his partner in the dance; but she trembled for fear, for she saw that it was King Grisly-beard, who was making sport of her.
7	She sprang to the door to run away; but on the steps King Grisly-beard overtook her, and brought her back and said, "Fear me not!
7	Only be careful that you are at the far side of the bed, and push her well to the front."
7	It would have been all over with the poor girl if she had not just then been standing in a corner, and heard everything.
7	All day long she dared not go out of doors, and when bedtime had come, the witch"s daughter got into bed first, so as to lie at the far side, but when she was asleep, the other pushed her gently to the front, and took for herself the place at the back, close by the wall.
7	In the night, the old woman came creeping in, she held an axe in her right hand, and felt with her left to see if anyone were lying at the outside, and then she grasped the axe with both hands, and cut her own child"s head off.
7	When she had gone away, the girl got up and went to her sweetheart, who was called Roland, and knocked at his door.
7	When he came out, she said to him: "Listen, dearest Roland, we must fly in all haste; my stepmother wanted to kill me, but has struck her own child.
7	When daylight comes, and she sees what she has done, we shall be lost."
7	"But," said Roland, "I counsel you first to take away her magic wand, or we cannot escape if she pursues us."
7	The maiden fetched the magic wand, and she took the dead girl"s head and dropped three drops of blood on the ground, one in front of the bed, one in the kitchen, and one on the stairs.
7	Then she hurried away with her lover.
7	She went into the kitchen, but found no one.
7	Then she cried again: "Where are you?"
7	What did she see there?
7	The girl, however, when she saw the old woman striding towards her, changed, with her magic wand, her sweetheart Roland into a lake, and herself into a duck swimming in the middle of it.
7	At this the girl and her sweetheart Roland resumed their natural shapes again, and they walked on the whole night until daybreak.
7	From that time forth, strange things happened in the shepherd"s house.
7	He was certainly pleased with this good attendance, but still at last he was so afraid that he went to a wise woman and asked for her advice.
7	The shepherd did as she bade him, and next morning just as day dawned, he saw the chest open, and the flower come out.
7	Swiftly he sprang towards it, and threw a white cloth over it.
7	But when he began to hew down a tree, it was not long before he made a false stroke, and the axe cut him in the arm, so that he had to go home and have it bound up.
7	His punishment, however, was not delayed; when he had made a few blows at the tree he struck himself in the leg, so that he had to be carried home.
7	The father answered: "Your brothers have hurt themselves with it, leave it alone, you do not understand anything about it."
7	They were obliged to run after him continually, now left, now right, wherever his legs took him.
7	Whilst the five were trotting thus one behind the other, two labourers came with their hoes from the fields; the parson called out to them and begged that they would set him and the sexton free.
7	Thereupon Dummling asked to have her for his wife; but the king did not like the son-inlaw, and made all manner of excuses and said he must first produce a man who could drink a cellarful of wine.
7	Then she threw the peas down among the ashes, but the little maiden ran out at the back door into the garden, and cried out:
7	One and all come help me, quick!
7	Haste ye, haste ye!--pick, pick, pick!"
7	But the little maiden went out into the garden at the back of the house, and cried out as before:
7	Blackbird, thrush, and chaffinch gay, Hither, hither, haste away!
7	One and all come help me, quick!
7	Haste ye, haste ye!--pick, pick, pick!"
7	When night came she wanted to go home; and the king"s son would go with her, and said to himself, "I will not lose her this time"; but, however, she again slipped away from him, though in such a hurry that she dropped her left golden slipper upon the stairs.
7	But Tom ran about amongst the furrows, and at last slipped into an old mouse-hole.
7	If I were to fall from one of these great clods, I should undoubtedly break my neck."
7	"What noise was that?" said the thief, frightened; "I"m sure I heard someone speak."
7	They stood still listening, and Tom said, "Take me with you, and I"ll soon show you how to get the parson"s money."
7	At this the thieves were frightened, and said, "Softly, softly!
7	Speak low, that you may not awaken anybody."
7	Meantime the thieves were frightened, and ran off a little way; but at last they plucked up their hearts, and said, "The little urchin is only trying to make fools of us."
7	The thieves ran off as if a wolf was at their tails: and the maid, having groped about and found nothing, went away for a light.
7	But he soon found out where he really was; and was forced to have all his wits about him, that he might not get between the cow"s teeth, and so be crushed to death.
7	"It is rather dark," said he; "they forgot to build windows in this room to let the sun in; a candle would be no bad thing."
7	At last he cried out as loud as he could, "Don"t bring me any more hay!
7	Don"t bring me any more hay!"
7	The maid happened to be just then milking the cow; and hearing someone speak, but seeing nobody, and yet being quite sure it was the same voice that she had heard in the night, she was so frightened that she fell off her stool, and overset the milk-pail.
7	Scarcely had they set foot on the threshold, when Tom called out, "Don"t bring me any more hay!"
7	Then the parson himself was frightened; and thinking the cow was surely bewitched, told his man to kill her on the spot.
7	"Will you be easy?" said the wolf; "you"ll awaken everybody in the house if you make such a clatter."
7	The woodman and his wife, being awakened by the noise, peeped through a crack in the door; but when they saw a wolf was there, you may well suppose that they were sadly frightened; and the woodman ran for his axe, and gave his wife a scythe.
7	"Do you stay behind," said the woodman, "and when I have knocked him on the head you must rip him up with the scythe."
7	"But we must make a provision for winter, or else we shall suffer from hunger," said the cat; "and you, little mouse, cannot venture everywhere, or you will be caught in a trap some day."
7	"Topoff!
7	Half-done!" answered the mouse, "they are such odd names, they make me very thoughtful."
7	She drove him from place to place with cuffings and buffetings, so that the poor child went about in fear, and had no peace from the time he left school to the time he went back.
7	"Mother," said the boy, "how dreadful you look!
7	Then she was overwhelmed with fear at the thought of what she had done.
7	"If only I can prevent anyone knowing that I did it," she thought.
7	Soon after this, little Marleen came up to her mother who was stirring a pot of boiling water over the fire, and said, "Mother, brother is sitting by the door with an apple in his hand, and he looks so pale; and when I asked him to give me the apple, he did not answer, and that frightened me."
7	She was so terrified at this, that she ran crying and screaming to her mother.
7	"And I," said the mother, "I feel so uneasy, as if a heavy thunderstorm were coming."
7	"Ah!" said the wife, "and I am so full of distress and uneasiness that my teeth chatter, and I feel as if there were a fire in my veins," and she tore open her dress; and all the while little Marleen sat in the corner and wept, and the plate on her knees was wet with her tears.
7	the mother shut her eyes and her ears, that she might see and hear nothing, but there was a roaring sound in her ears like that of a violent storm, and in her eyes a burning and flashing like lightning:
7	"Ah, do not go!" cried the wife.
7	"I feel as if the whole house were in flames!"
7	But the wife was in such fear and trouble, that she fell on the floor, and her cap fell from her head.
7	"Ah me!" cried the wife, "if I were but a thousand feet beneath the earth, that I might not hear that song."
7	then the woman fell down again as if dead.
7	"Then I will go out too," she said, "and see if it will lighten my misery, for I feel as if the world were coming to an end."
7	Then she threw herself upon Heaven for help in her need, and went away, and journeyed on the whole night, till at last she came to a large wood.
7	So the huntsmen took it up, and the maiden awoke and was greatly frightened, and said, "I am a poor child that has neither father nor mother left; have pity on me and take me with you."
7	"Ah! pretty princess!" thought she, "what will now become of thee?"
7	The cook was frightened when he heard the order, and said to Cat-skin, "You must have let a hair fall into the soup; if it be so, you will have a good beating."
7	"Take care of this handsome coach of mine, Nor dirty my pretty red wheels so fine!
7	Then she was in a great fright, and cried out to Chanticleer, "Pray run as fast as you can, and fetch me some water, or I shall be choked."
7	Chanticleer ran as fast as he could to the river, and said, "River, give me some water, for Partlet lies in the mountain, and will be choked by a great nut."
7	Just then came a hunter with four dogs.
7	The cat sprang nimbly up a tree, and sat down at the top of it, where the branches and foliage quite concealed her.
7	"Open your sack, Mr Fox, open your sack," cried the cat to him, but the dogs had already seized him, and were holding him fast.
7	So he left her by herself; and though he thought it most likely that the wild beasts would tear her in pieces, he felt as if a great weight were taken off his heart when he had made up his mind not to kill her but to leave her to her fate, with the chance of someone finding and saving her.
7	Then poor Snowdrop wandered along through the wood in great fear; and the wild beasts roared about her, but none did her any harm.
7	In the evening she came to a cottage among the hills, and went in to rest, for her little feet would carry her no further.
7	By and by in came the masters of the cottage.
7	They lighted up their seven lamps, and saw at once that all was not right.
7	Then they went out all day long to their work, seeking for gold and silver in the mountains: but Snowdrop was left at home; and they warned her, and said, "The queen will soon find out where you are, so take care and let no one in."
7	But the queen, now that she thought Snowdrop was dead, believed that she must be the handsomest lady in the land; and she went to her glass and said:
7	Then the queen was very much frightened; for she knew that the glass always spoke the truth, and was sure that the servant had betrayed her.
7	But Snowdrop said, "I dare not let anyone in."
7	But by good luck the dwarfs came in very early that evening; and when they saw Snowdrop lying on the ground, they thought what had happened, and soon found the poisoned comb.
7	And when they took it away she got well, and told them all that had passed; and they warned her once more not to open the door to anyone.
7	Then she dressed herself up as a peasant"s wife, and travelled over the hills to the dwarfs" cottage, and knocked at the door; but Snowdrop put her head out of the window and said, "I dare not let anyone in, for the dwarfs have told me not."
7	"Do as you please," said the old woman, "but at any rate take this pretty apple; I will give it you."
7	"No," said Snowdrop, "I dare not take it."
7	Now the apple was so made up that one side was good, though the other side was poisoned.
7	Then Snowdrop was much tempted to taste, for the apple looked so very nice; and when she saw the old woman eat, she could wait no longer.
7	When evening came, and the dwarfs had gone home, they found Snowdrop lying on the ground: no breath came from her lips, and they were afraid that she was quite dead.
7	And as she lay there dead, the young King remembered what he had been obliged to promise, and was horrified at having to lie down alive in the grave, but there was no escape.
7	So the fisherman was forced to go; and he muttered as he went along, "This will come to no good, it is too much to ask; the fish will be tired at last, and then we shall be sorry for what we have done."
7	"O wife, wife!" said he, "how can you be pope? there is but one pope at a time in Christendom."
7	At this sight the fisherman was dreadfully frightened, and he trembled so that his knees knocked together: but still he went down near to the shore, and said:
7	The fisherman was half asleep, but the thought frightened him so much that he started and fell out of bed.
7	"Alas, wife!" said he, "cannot you be easy with being pope?"
7	Then the man went shivering with fear; and as he was going down to the shore a dreadful storm arose, so that the trees and the very rocks shook.
7	When the two heard that, they were frightened to death, and ran away in great haste.
7	"Oh, no one."
7	Then they were all terrified, and the King took the bird, the fisherman and the three children back with him to the castle, and ordered the prison to be opened and brought his wife out again.
7	But whilst they were getting all ready, they heard the trampling of a horse at a distance, which so frightened them that they pushed their prisoner neck and shoulders together into a sack, and swung him up by a cord to the tree, where they left him dangling, and ran away.
7	Meantime he worked and worked away, till he made a hole large enough to put out his head.
7	She walked over the meadow, and presently she came upon a baker"s oven full of bread, and the loaves cried out to her, "Take us out, take us out, or alas! we shall be burnt to a cinder; we were baked through long ago."
7	"Shake me, shake me, I pray," cried the tree; "my apples, one and all, are ripe."
7	The next thing she came to was a little house, and there she saw an old woman looking out, with such large teeth, that she was terrified, and turned to run away.
7	You must be very careful, however, to make my bed in the right way, for I wish you always to shake it thoroughly, so that the feathers fly about; then they say, down there in the world, that it is snowing; for I am Mother Holle."
7	"Take us out, take us out, or alas! we shall be burnt to a cinder; we were baked through long ago," cried the loaves as before.
7	"Shake me, shake me, I pray; my apples, one and all, are ripe," it cried.
7	Then she placed the can before her, and turned the tap, and while the beer was running she would not let her eyes be idle, but looked up at the wall, and after much peering here and there, saw a pick-axe exactly above her, which the masons had accidentally left there.
7	If I get Hans, and we have a child, and he grows big, and has to draw beer here, the pick-axe will perhaps fall on his head, and kill him."
7	At length, when it was quite dark, Clever Elsie awoke and when she got up there was a jingling all round about her, and the bells rang at each step which she took.
7	But she knew not what answer to make to this, and stood for a time in doubt; at length she thought: "I will go home and ask if it be I, or if it be not I, they will be sure to know."
7	She ran to the door of her own house, but it was shut; then she knocked at the window and cried: "Hans, is Elsie within?"
7	Hereupon she was terrified, and said: "Ah, heavens!
7	Then it is not I," and went to another door; but when the people heard the jingling of the bells they would not open it, and she could get in nowhere.
7	Then she ran out of the village, and no one has seen her since.
7	When anything had to be done, it was always the elder who was forced to do it; but if his father bade him fetch anything when it was late, or in the night-time, and the way led through the churchyard, or any other dismal place, he answered: "Oh, no father, I"ll not go there, it makes me shudder!" for he was afraid.
7	Or when stories were told by the fire at night which made the flesh creep, the listeners sometimes said: "Oh, it makes us shudder!"
7	The sexton"s wife waited a long time for her husband, but he did not come back.
7	At length she became uneasy, and wakened the boy, and asked: "Do you know where my husband is?
7	He climbed up the tower before you did."
7	The father was terrified, and ran thither and scolded the boy.
7	"Ah, be silent," said the hostess, "so many prying persons have already lost their lives, it would be a pity and a shame if such beautiful eyes as these should never see the daylight again."
7	Already many men had gone into the castle, but as yet none had come out again.
7	When he was just going to shut his eyes, however, the bed began to move of its own accord, and went over the whole of the castle.
7	In the morning the king came, and when he saw him lying there on the ground, he thought the evil spirits had killed him and he was dead.
7	Then it was quiet for a while, and at length with a loud scream, half a man came down the chimney and fell before him.
7	So the little broom began to sweep frantically.
7	Then the eldest son said, "I will soon find it": and he went to the sick king, and begged that he might go in search of the Water of Life, as it was the only thing that could save him.
7	Meantime the old king was lingering on in daily hope of his son"s return, till at last the second son said, "Father, I will go in search of the Water of Life."
7	Then he sprang from the couch dreadfully frightened, ran to the well, filled a cup that was standing by him full of water, and hastened to get away in time.
7	But the prince begged very hard, and said, "Only tell me what it is, and do not think I shall be angry, for I will forgive you."
7	Now when the full year was come round, the third brother left the forest in which he had lain hid for fear of his father"s anger, and set out in search of his betrothed bride.
7	One day he sent out a huntsman to shoot him a roe, but he did not come back.
7	"Perhaps some accident has befallen him," said the king, and the next day he sent out two more huntsmen who were to search for him, but they too stayed away.
7	Then on the third day, he sent for all his huntsmen, and said: "Scour the whole forest through, and do not give up until you have found all three."
7	But of these also, none came home again, none were seen again.
7	The king, however, would not give his consent, and said: "It is not safe in there; I fear it would fare with you no better than with the others, and you would never come out again."
7	It was not long before the dog fell in with some game on the way, and wanted to pursue it; but hardly had the dog run two steps when it stood before a deep pool, could go no farther, and a naked arm stretched itself out of the water, seized it, and drew it under.
7	When the huntsman saw that, he went back and fetched three men to come with buckets and bale out the water.
7	The next day he again went and asked for his ball; the wild man said: "Open my door," but the boy would not.
7	The boy had become afraid; he called and cried after him: "Oh, wild man, do not go away, or I shall be beaten!"
7	She called the boy, but no one answered.
7	The king sent out people to seek for him in the fields, but they did not find him.
7	He made a bed of moss for the boy on which he slept, and the next morning the man took him to a well, and said: "Behold, the gold well is as bright and clear as crystal, you shall sit beside it, and take care that nothing falls into it, or it will be polluted.
7	The boy placed himself by the brink of the well, and often saw a golden fish or a golden snake show itself therein, and took care that nothing fell in.
7	He drew it quickly out again, but saw that it was quite gilded, and whatsoever pains he took to wash the gold off again, all was to no purpose.
7	"Nothing nothing," he answered, and held his finger behind his back, that the man might not see it.
7	He took it quickly out, but it was already quite gilded.
7	On the third day, the boy sat by the well, and did not stir his finger, however much it hurt him.
7	You can imagine how terrified the poor boy was!
7	He took his pockethandkerchief and tied it round his head, in order that the man might not see it.
7	Once when it so happened that no one else was at hand, the cook ordered him to carry the food to the royal table, but as he did not like to let his golden hair be seen, he kept his little cap on.
7	He answered: "Ah, Lord, I cannot; I have a bad sore place on my head."
7	He put his cap on with all haste, and gathered wild field-flowers and bound them together.
7	He again said: "I may not, I have a sore head."
7	The king gathered together his people, and did not know whether or not he could offer any opposition to the enemy, who was superior in strength and had a mighty army.
7	So she called all seven to her and said: "Dear children, I have to go into the forest, be on your guard against the wolf; if he comes in, he will devour you all--skin, hair, and everything.
7	Then the miller was afraid, and made his paws white for him.
7	They were terrified and wanted to hide themselves.
7	One sprang under the table, the second into the bed, the third into the stove, the fourth into the kitchen, the fifth into the cupboard, the sixth under the washing-bowl, and the seventh into the clock-case.
7	The princess heard him snorting and growling; she was terrified, and she cried, "Ah, the bear is behind us and wants to get thee!"
7	When the bear saw that, he turned round and ran away.
7	"You poor boy," said the woman, "you have come into a den of thieves, and when they come home they will kill you."
7	Leo demanded as he wrenched back to stare down into her almost terror-stricken face .
7	A CITY 'S terror-stricken minicab drivers are threatening to quit their jobs in fear after the murder of a young cabbie .
7	` I 'm not particularly worried if players do n't score , but you just ca n't stroll around .
7	They simply could not understand why people in England were so worried .
7	Rose stood looking down at her , a worried expression in her eyes .
7	This leads to highly agitated motions and correspondingly high temperatures .
7	His two thumbs rotated about one another as they always did when he was agitated and looking for a way to strike .
7	She was agitated ; there were a few tears .
7	Little Maureen was agitated , but she made a nice speech .
7	` When we came to tell you that the service was postponed you were in a very agitated state -- but then it was difficult to persuade you to leave off playing . "
7	` When a police sergeant revisited Mr Thompson he was still clearly the worse for drink and was in an agitated state . "
7	He was becoming agitated .
7	The priest became agitated .
7	The Spaniard was becoming agitated again , wondering whether he had already gone too far .
7	She was getting agitated .
7	Do n't get agitated .
7	He paced about for some time , looking agitated .
7	Rachel and her mother looked agitated .
7	Country and Western is suitable for calming an agitated animal
7	It emerged that , in conscious and especially in excited or agitated patients , the drug produced a remarkable state of inactivity or indifference .
7	Annabel said in an agitated voice , ` I feel as if my mind is whirling madly , like a hurricane .
7	Just before we were to go upstairs to be photographed , an agitated Nigel Lawson came up to me saying that he wanted a word .
7	Trance-like he drove down the Edgware Road , responding to the multitudinous traffic lights with mechanical movements , while the agitated Eleanor continued to lash his unreceptive ear with a never-ending stream of abuse .
7	The boss sounded agitated when I spoke to him over the phone . "
7	At Portsmouth , Lily Lee creatively amplifies a passage from Machiavelli 's The Prince , inscribing a chilling statement in a bold agitated hand .
7	An agitated old lady addressed Ramsey severely and asked why he did not go back to his own country and do good there instead of stirring up trouble in the United States .
7	More usually it left him ashamed and angry , despite his wife 's kind words of consolation , and Ashi herself in an agitated state of dissatisfaction and unhappiness .
7	He seemed agitated , restlessly pacing about , looking out into the crowds , then drawing back into the shelter of the arcade .
7	Nevertheless , Maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted , troubled , and now she felt agitated .
7	Suddenly , a wave of tiredness swept through her and she closed her eyes for a moment , during which the girl remained quiet , but visibly agitated and eager to be getting on with her work .
7	Behind the front door hovered a small and wiry man who appeared greatly agitated and whose polished bald head was flushed and sweating profusely in spite of the cold .
7	Perhaps the mural makes it new , so shamelessly bright upon the wall like something spilt , and the restless assortment of weekend patrons who watch the stage with agitated and expectant eyes .
7	What a contrast with the rattled and untrustworthy gamblers at Number 10 and Number 11 Downing Street .
7	" Dear God , " he said , beginning to get rattled .
7	You could n't simply ignore the fact that he had sentenced you to death , but it was important to let him know that you were n't rattled .
7	There is a clear lesson there for a beleagured John Major and a rattled Tory government .
7	While Grant was wakening the kids , he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds .
7	The first important truth for voters in such spirits is that , in their dismay about recent economic and political errors , they are forgetting the immense Tory achievements which preceded them , and are now at risk again .
7	There was dismay in Belgrade .
7	Equally inevitably , there was outrage and dismay in India .
7	THE Italian writer Primo Levi died on 11 April 1987 , to the dismay of his readers .
7	To the dismay of the South Africans , umpire Cumberbatch merely signalled a leg-side wide .
7	Ian Fleming 's superhero first appeared in Issue 4 of ZZAP ! , much to the dismay of the reviewing team .
7	The Estonians require a language test before full civil rights are granted , to the dismay of their Russian-speaking population .
7	Typically , Gould 's infrequent letters home detailed only his ornithological exploits , much to the dismay of the household , who were desperate to hear news of a more personal nature .
7	Seeing the look of dismay on her mother 's face , Tamar continued , ` You wo n't be telling a lie .
7	The bank had made no secret of their dismay over Virgin 's venture into airlines .
7	Journalists were asked by the manager to attend a midday conference at Celtic Park in the expectation that Brady would be commenting on his dismay over anonymous , directorial criticism of the team 's progress .
7	He listened soberly and with growing dismay to what the young bank officer from Jeddah had to say , and scanned the computer printouts across his desk with a practised eye .
7	Edward concealed his dismay .
7	In the thirtieth minute , Gary Weaving scored what looked like a perfectly good goal , only for the linesman to rule it out for offside , to everyone 's dismay .
7	` It 's stuck ! " she cried in dismay .
7	Anyone could have typed that message and his initial , she realised with dismay .
7	She jumped up , frowning in dismay .
7	Gascoigne is the first Englishman to fill the role since Bobby Charlton , a man whose absence from a team sheet spread dismay among team-mates and supporters alike .
7	Please do n't let the dismay of the pro-Ford lobby colour your judgement in future road tests .
7	There was dismay on her face , now .
7	To the dismay of German suppliers , Mr Lopez is also eager to share this advice with foreign competitors .
7	I watched with dismay as they hit the floor and bounced to eight dusty oblivions .
7	In this he resembled Bonamy Dobre at Leeds , who reacted with the utmost dismay when his pet student , Robin Skelton , announced his engagement to a fellow-student .
7	Perhaps it was something in the dowager-duchess 's voice that caused it , but Joan to her own dismay burst into tears .
7	I read with dismay the remark attributed to the Central Scotland Water Development Board in your report today that ` water required powerful law " , otherwise , the water authorities ` would never get anything done " .
7	He predicted ` deep dismay in Hong Kong , deepened only by the statement of the official Opposition . "
7	She wrote : " Thank you for your letter dated 9th October 1991 which I have read with great dismay .
7	Effortlessly , his knee slid to part her legs , but when she threw him a look of utter dismay he paused .
7	The commercial ethic meant some deterioration in standards , while the cutbacks in the Overseas News department , one of the glories of Bush House , caused much dismay in the public communications world .
7	This caused a good deal of consternation and dismay in Westminster .
7	And it was equally insistent that a policy of retreat would cause dismay in Washington , thereby diminishing Britain 's ability to exert influence over American policy .
7	Floyd Patterson has expressed dismay over the current treatment .
7	Edouard looked at him , and felt a sickening dismay .
7	When Tina and the children moved into the School , Cecilia felt both dismay and guilty relief .
7	But he felt ` dismay and sorrow for so many people in our country who do not share this personal good fortune . "
7	They stared at one another in dismay , the sad , small wickedness of their friends and neighbours strewn around their minds like dirty confetti from a party long past .
7	Cleo stared at the contents with dismay .
7	Melissa stared at her friend in dismay .
7	Successive state elections have seen the governing parties pummelled by a dismayed electorate .
7	Vincent was irritated but not dismayed .
7	Kendall-Hume turned back to face the dismayed couple .
7	I am dismayed , but not surprised .
7	But Downing Street mandarins grew so alarmed at reports of a snub yesterday that the text of private diplomatic traffic , a telex sent by Mr Clinton on Saturday , was made public .
7	Not unexpectedly , the residents of Chiswick became alarmed at the prospect , but the acquisition proceeded of the properties on the proposed route .
7	Franco became very alarmed at this and told him to put his money away immediately .
7	But Hartington soon became alarmed at the plans to give increased powers to what he termed ` fanatical local authorities " , and he wrote to Rosebery asking him to withdraw support for the measures .
7	The veterans have become increasingly alarmed at the incidence of illness -- especially cancers amongst the 20,000 who were present at the tests .
7	Since the war the CIA has been very alarmed at some of the left-wing British governments , many of whose politicians it regards as friends of Moscow .
7	As a gentleman of considerable physique , Guttersnipe is naturally alarmed at such prejudice against the nutritionally challenged .
7	Strachan was alarmed at the way the German defence manhandled the 33-year-old front-runner and got away with it .
7	Small children of two or three tend to be alarmed at a banana-skin fall , not amused yet .
7	Sonny , alarmed at the deathly pallor of his half-sister 's face , had jumped into the trap and had driven furiously to the village for the doctor .
7	Both sisters looked alarmed at the thought of possible further deterioration .
7	In reality , they may have been more anxious and worried than they showed .
7	He is so anxious about being accepted that he is trying to be extra good and even perfect . "
7	However , I am not now so anxious about my sister being left with Seor Mitchell .
7	And you feel anxious about getting the first lot of seeds sown out of doors .
7	George felt anxious that he had had no opportunity to be alone with Tamar , and so there had been no chance of warning her about the groom .
7	The next morning I awoke anxious over what had happened .
7	She was distressed and anxious at being separated from her friends , and rapidly developed colic .
7	Many people are deeply concerned about the neglect of crofting land .
7	Mr Hamilton said : ` I am deeply concerned at what you have told me and I shall ask for immediate steps to be taken for normal decencies to be observed . "
7	Kagan was deeply concerned that his access to the child was limited .
7	The president was more concerned about the loss of jobs .
7	People are becoming more and more concerned about the healthiness of their diet and way of life .
7	` To be honest , I 'm more concerned about getting a good night 's sleep , " says a pregnant woman , who 's working full-time at a demanding job .
7	Most were more concerned with the courts being ` too lenient " .
7	` We 're particularly concerned about the increase in incidents involving youngsters of 11 and 12 , especially girls , " said founder Regina Dollar .
7	` I 'm gratified to find you so concerned for my welfare , Li Yuan .
7	Relatives , too , seem concerned about lack of communication and the ` unavailability of the nurses " .
7	They do care about others and are concerned about their country 's future . "
7	He was concerned that to include the large Asian countries in such a scheme would introduce problems that the small nations could find difficult to resolve .
7	These problems can vary in intensity from parents concerned about how to wean , to parents ' neglecting and underfeeding their children .
7	He was concerned that parents would want to see their children doing ` real " maths , and advised injecting investigations into the existing syllabus instead .
7	That is encouraging , yet we are concerned that people are still getting fatter .
7	We are very concerned to learn of any shortfall in standards and this is why we want to hear from you if you encounter any problems .
7	No-one seemed concerned that the museums , the temples of culture and art , were subjected to such indignities .
7	I was a little concerned that you put so much emphasis on return to work .
7	He was concerned that the room must be left just as Durance would have wished .
7	Mr Carruthers said that the vast majority of evidence was over but acknowledged he was concerned that Mr McTear would not be able to conclude his testimony .
7	He 's concerned what will happen to me . "
7	In 1986 the local authority became concerned about injuries which D had sustained and they obtained a place of safety order .
7	How could she be concerned about the choice of jam ?
7	I am concerned about my seven-year-old son .
7	Because they 're concerned about America 's oil dependence , senior government officials have come to rub shoulders with the advocates of conservation and alternative power sources .
7	A third group of backbenchers is concerned at cross-media ownership in the new channels under the bill .
7	The Training Sub-Committee is extremely concerned at the amount of pressure Trainers are under and feel there is an urgent need for a group of people to begin training now .
7	David is concerned at the length of time he says it took for an ambulance to arrive .
7	John 's father came down from Cheltenham to see her , grieving and concerned for her future .
7	A son should be concerned for his father 's health . "
7	` Are you telling me you were concerned for my soul ? " she mocked .
7	Police became increasingly concerned for their prisoner 's health over the weekend .
7	Concerned as to whether he was adequately looking after himself , but especially concerned as to his future as a writer .
7	In the aftermath of the war the government was said to be concerned over Turkey 's increasingly prominent international role .
7	The note said Imro was concerned there might be ` similar undetected shenanigans " in other occupational pension schemes .
7	She felt disquieted at the lack of interest the girl had shown -- anything might happen in this sort of house , she told herself indignantly .
7	Disquiet at the new direction of religious affairs soon surfaced in parliament , and over the next few years a growing number of MPs began to speak out against the Arminian threat .
7	There is indeed much disquiet at any delay in immediate fulfilment .
7	People in the popular movement had a different kind of disquiet with the leadership of the PLO .
7	Some economists feel deep disquiet at the use of food grains to produce motor spirit .
7	I 'm so frightened the feeling will go away , it 's too fragile , and I do so want it not to break .
7	The RSPCA says they will now try different tactics , attempting to gain the animals trust so they 're not so frightened of people .
7	So we moved to Haddenham for peace and quiet but now it starts here and we 're very frightened we shall be driven away from here because you ca n't live with that noise .
7	That 's why I 'm not frightened of your report . "
7	Our , most of our rules and most of our laws are made by people who are frightened of losing their property , and not the sort of people who are frightened of being mugged at night .
7	You 're frightened to go to sleep .
7	As Antoinette grew weaker , and left her bed hardly at all , she became frightened to be left alone .
7	` And I 'm frightened that if I go down to the cellars I might die . "
7	` You 're not just frightened for Lucy .
7	I 'm frightened for him .
7	Then we killed her , and I felt frightened of her .
7	Feeling a little frightened of the dead body behind him in the cart , and depressed by the autumn fog , he stopped for some beer at a pub , where he met Jan Coggan and Laban Tall .
7	` I am horrified that somebody would do such a thing .
7	She stopped , horrified at what she had been about to say .
7	The Repton boy 's horror at Churchill 's anti-Bolshevist campaign had turned into a more adult and less ferocious criticism .
7	As the war dragged on Modigliani 's horror at the waste of life increased .
7	To me that puts us in a difficult position when trying Germans , whose crime was obeying their superiors " orders , whatever our horror at what those orders led to . "
7	Emmeline grew pale , both from horror at Bastide 's plight and her own .
7	Thus the dialogue and its frame emphasize the bond between the two of them , and thereby further underline the horror of the sacrifice of which they speak .
7	For Williamson , only soldiers who had fought in the war , and who understood the horrors of modern conflict , could save Europe from further disaster .
7	Nothing could wash away the beastliness of that house or the horror of the sight of Phyllis Henley 's body , but he felt the need to try .
7	I am interested in hearing from women about their fascination and horror with cars , especially women in the Yorkshire region .
7	Horror by gunfire differs little from horror inflicted by the guillotine , sword or wheel , it seems , and sheer bestiality lurks only fractionally below the veneer of so-called civilized societies .
7	Both are designed to convince the readership of the horror of the subject-matter .
7	It was as if Gillray 's avaricious monarch was more of an affront than the voluptuary suffering from the horrors of dissipation .
7	Alison had shown enough respectable horror on discovering that he was married to prove she was a nice girl .
7	Imagine my horror at seeing her step out followed by a man !
7	` You can imagine our horror at finding a false ceiling in a secure establishment and ducts like this .
7	To see him fumbling with our rich and delicate language is to experience all the horror of seeing a Svres vase in the hands of a chimpanzee .
7	Stanley Spencer had been through the war ; he had experienced the horror , the vulgarity , of war .
7	France expressed horror at the assassination and appealed for unity to assure peace in the country it once ruled .
7	The Government have expressed their horror at such attacks on the police , but they also need to act .
7	Then she felt horror and pity at seeing Marcus so confused and so evidently useless .
7	Under danger , in the dark , one feels a kind of particular horror at finding oneself alone .
7	I am an extremely lazy cook and nervous of long recipes , complicated sauces or anything risky such as a souffl .
7	If you are really nervous of being out and about , invest in a personal alarm , which you should carry in your hand at all times .
7	There is too much busyness in schools , staff need ` dream time " too and also the security to try out ideas without becoming nervous about making mistakes or being afraid of failing .
7	Some individuals become excessively nervous about visiting the vet , for example , and it is a good idea to begin visits early in the dog 's life .
7	Agony ` I had no time to feel nervous about facing Steve Bull and Andy Mutch .
7	She was nervous of all Men , and preferred to be with the women of the Court .
7	A king not universally popular , who owed his throne to assassination , must have been sensitive on such an issue , and maybe sometimes nervous of joining large assemblies of armed men .
7	But they are also nervous that the calculations they make in the next two weeks may determine who will win and lose the political battles of the next two years .
7	She was nervous that he might change his mind at the last minute , but he did not do so .
7	Why people , nervous that their little town was being made into a prime nuclear target , should be less nervous for getting a closer look at the cause of their fears is a question not easily answered .
7	How nervous the teacher feels about using this teaching unit .
7	Her brightness was forced and she was clearly nervous at what might be about to happen .
7	His landlady was nervous of strangers and called through the door , ` I 'm sorry , Mr Ramsey is out . "
7	Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example .
7	She was not nervous of Martin Bean .
7	Libel lawyers are nervous of the word " lie " because it implies that a person said something which he knew was untrue .
7	Nervous for Meh'Lindi 's safety ?
7	Meera was a little nervous about having her hair coloured so Chris used the non-permanent Colour Touch .
7	Good if you are nervous about making a permanent change .
7	` It 's actually made me quite nervous about being in London .
7	The only time I have ever been bitten was when running with a partner who was petrified of dogs .
7	Bob Halton , not guilty enough , but confused by his mother 's spoiling and manipulative efforts to keep him for herself , is petrified of being taken over completely .
7	` Money is my motivation , but what keeps me at the top is that I 'm petrified of losing .
7	The Americans were petrified of Communism , and believed Communists were aiming for world domination , via the ` domino effect " of one country after another falling to it .
7	I was petrified of having the same thing as my mother did .
7	He was petrified of the clippers at first .
7	He was still more worried about the extensive rewriting of history that school text-books had been subjected to ; something of which most of us remained unaware until after the Second World War .
7	Children at Wanborough primary school near Swindon are so worried about the hazards they experience on the way to school , they 're calling for a new footpath .
7	ALAN Hickman from Derbyshire became worried about the advice he was receiving over his pension transfer when he realised that each expert he consulted recommended a different course of action .
7	The price was recognised as much too low and many insurers became worried at the apparent undervaluation of their organisations .
7	Harry was a little worried to see the water supply diminishing so rapidly but was pleased that Lucy was enjoying herself .
7	Our relationship does seem to be improving but obviously I 'm worried that we now seem to be paying 50% more than we expected .
7	` South Africa must be worried how easily we did get through , and close to their line , because they know that Will Carling and Jeremy Guscott are amongst the quickest in the world .
7	Richmond councillors are worried about plans to turn the old cinema on the Ryders Wynd/Queens Road junction into a DIY shop .
7	He felt a bit worried at this and started to question her .
7	Chatterton did not sound unduly worried at that prospect .
7	She was also worried about having to manage the farm by herself again .
7	It could well become agitated at the dispersal of the pigeons , turn its head towards the lights , and bark heatedly at the roadworkers .
7	On the Left there was some dismay that the reforms were not more dramatic , and especially that wealth was not redistributed more equally .
7	Tom Shakeshaft , who is 15 , reveals his dismay at plans to drive a dual carriageway right through the beautiful piece of countryside where he lives .
7	I had always assumed that this sort of civilized dismay at barbarism was the monopoly of our cause .
7	My own dismay at the way those kids were savaging the flora of Stonethwaite is a good example .
7	She nearly gasped with dismay at the shock that shivered down into her tummy .
7	We huddle beneath the covers , but to our dismay , the one duvet is but a slim pink layer of fabric resembling a furniture cover .
7	Anybody who swears allegiance to United must share the same sense of dismay at what has happened , and what is still going on -- for me , it 's almost a sense of revulsion .
7	Many supporters of Dr McNab exchanged glances of dismay at the words they had just heard .
7	Since the war began , Soviet military commentators , including senior serving officers , have been expressing dismay at seeing Iraq 's army , most of whose tanks and aircraft they supplied , pounded so relentlessly and effectively .
7	Her face must have registered dismay at having to tell Peter what had happened , for he gave a narrow smile .
7	Bishop Gray was very quick to speak out and express his ` dismay and extreme disappointment " at the announcement of Cammell Laird 's closure .
7	The court expressed dismay that Wiltshire Social Services had called in a voluntary agency -- the NSPCC -- to help look after him .
7	But he was dismayed , in the circumstances , to see Gabriel ride off the moor and up the street in the company of a young monk .
7	As a food and store safety officer , I felt dismayed and frustrated to see in the Journal , members of staff wearing inappropriate jewellery and , in high risk areas , all hair not kept within hats .
7	I know this is going to be one of those nights where it takes an Act of God to fall asleep.
7	This is #horrible: Lewis Dunk has begun networking #a Neo-Geo with a his holiday home in Mexico.
7	@JeffersonLake speaking of ex cobblers, saw Ricky Holmes at Charlton last week.. tracking back &amp; defending... I dread seeing Gorre on ball..
7	@1johndes ball watching &amp; Rojo'd header was equally dreadful!!
7	Really.....#Jumanji 2....w/ The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart...are you kidding me! WTF! #ThisIsATerribleIdea
7	Really.....#Jumanji 2....w/ The Rock, Jack Black, and Kevin Hart...are you kidding me! WTF! #ThisIsATerribleIdea #horrible
7	Losing to Villa...'@M0tivati0nQuote: Most of the things people worry about are things that won't even matter to them a few months from now.'
7	Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you.#faith #leadership #worry #mindfulness #success
7	If my concerns &amp; anxiety don't matter to you then I shall return the favor. #EyeMatter
7	There goes the butterflies in my stomach. #nervous #anxietyproblems
7	There goes the butterflies in my stomach.  #anxietyproblems
7	@Evan_McMullin @TheBlazeRadio Classic SHITLIB bullshit. Create a horrible problem and then 'discuss' how to solve it. What a PIMP.
7	@fatgirlhealthy @MBSCBILL ....so that what do to use violence and intimidation for a polictical agenda.; aka terrorism?
7	Honestly, there are some awful people on the internet... smh...
7	@ccrago It was dreadful, even after he met the Catfish he still thought it was her!
7	@madhav_pastey moral of the story, never check mails in the night. PS. Most notices have nothing much to worry about. @ashwinikn
7	“We can easily #forgive a #child who is #afraid of the #dark; the real #tragedy of #life is when #men are #afraid of the #light.”–Plato
7	@All4 is the android app it designed to be buggy and work sporadically on a fire TV box? #shocking
7	@All4 is the android app it designed to be buggy and work sporadically on a fire TV box?
7	Having a terrific Tuesday? Crush it today with the Power of 4. Treat your internet like Pizza =D \n#PowerOf4
7	@joey_coops yes Hun! Avoid at all costs!! #nightmare
7	@joey_coops yes Hun! Avoid at all costs!!
7	The Apocalypse has hit our gym and it's  nothing what I thought it would be...\n\nEveryone is wearing vests! What if it's contagious? #afraid
7	The Apocalypse has hit our gym and it's  nothing what I thought it would be...\n\nEveryone is wearing vests! What if it's contagious?
7	You want  bad service use #frontier they have #terrible service. Go to #AT&amp;T anybody is better. I am going to complain to better business
7	@TheDappaMc also £2.50 for a chocolate Feast ice lolly.. proper shocking 😩
7	@AttentiAlGatto LOL! Why would it scare me? It doesn't make any sense at all but it doesn't scare me! {chuckles}
7	By officialy adopting #BurhanWani, a #Hizbul terrorist, #Pakistan n #NawazSharif hv md a cardinal mistake 2day tht'll haunt fr years. #UNGA
7	@soozclifford Sure have... Sydney are too tough, too quick and their 'team' pressure is too much for the Cats to handle. Motlop/Cowan
7	@soozclifford Sure have... Sydney are too tough, too quick and their 'team' pressure is too much for the Cats to handle. Motlop/Cowan #timid
7	Okay. Brace yourself. I will attempt my first loaf of bread in the morning. I will use a dutch oven. I will make the dough now. #nervous
7	Okay. Brace yourself. I will attempt my first loaf of bread in the morning. I will use a dutch oven. I will make the dough now.
7	@spencer0415 awe, I love you kid!!
7	The 2nd step to beating #anxiety or #depression is realising that it's not about waiting for ...., Take action yourself now.
7	@AlaskaGurus @adventuretweets agreed! 😍 an awe to meet such beautiful, powerful animals.
7	@BuzzFeed so this houses will get into my instestines and scare my poop and I'll shit my pants?
7	Nothing worse than an uber driver that can't drive. #awful
7	Nothing worse than an uber driver that can't drive.
7	On @Varneyco/@FoxBusiness to talk latest on #Chelsea Bombing + #Ahmad_Khan_Rahami's trips to #Afghanistan/#Pakistan #tcot #terror
7	On @Varneyco/@FoxBusiness to talk latest on #Chelsea Bombing + #Ahmad_Khan_Rahami's trips to #Afghanistan/#Pakistan #tcot
7	⊰ @FrameOfAnAngel ⊱ \n\n+ Of them. I'm here for answers, and if I scare her to death, there won't be answers for me. \n\nSo instead, I just +
7	But I was so intrigued by your style, boy.Always been a sucker for a wild boy #alarm -@AnneMarieIAm
7	@SAHARTHERAPPER I unfollowed without hesitation &lt;3
7	Watching It Follows.  This is a super freaky movie.  #scary
7	They'll be yo friend, shake your hand, then kick in yo door thas the way the game go🤖🤐.
7	And I cried in front of my guy last night. And it's just been a horrible week but it's only for a week
7	Came in to work today 1.5 hours late.1st thing I hear: 'Ma'am,the big boss has been waiting for you in his office.' #panic #hateBeingLate 😩😪
7	also i had an awful nightmare involving being sick where worms were involved i was so disgusted when i woke up
7	At school, my classmate is with me at music class and he sang Hallelujah like, god, with my friend we were breathless.
7	@CNNPolitics I can't wait to hear what he had to say about the brilliant Dr. Hawking... it should be rich... In the poorest of taste! #bully
7	@CNNPolitics I can't wait to hear what he had to say about the brilliant Dr. Hawking... it should be rich... In the poorest of taste!
7	#Awareness seek #shelter .#Letgo Old #habit of chasing #desires resultin in #anger #fear #worry .#Choose #Satisfaction within #Peace #Relax
7	Ever been really lonely and your phone keeps blowing up, but you just can’t pick it up and respond to people?  #recluse #issues
7	My Modern Proverb: 'Don't let anyone intimidate you about being single; most marriages end in divorce.'
7	He called me fat, so I pushed him into the lockers then he threaten to sue me' 😂
7	Whatt a trailerrrr !!! @karanjohar @AnushkaSharma #RanbirKapoor #AishwaryaRaiBachchan i am COMPLETELY BLOWN !! #awestruck #longingformore
7	Whatt a trailerrrr !!! @karanjohar @AnushkaSharma #RanbirKapoor #AishwaryaRaiBachchan i am COMPLETELY BLOWN !!  #longingformore
7	I have been seeing terrible terrible prescriptions this week. What's going on?
7	@stephenfhayes Mustard gas = hostile work environment, not #terrorism; call #OSHA not #military
7	Dunno y am going to the Yorkshire scare grounds when I only lasted a minute in the Alton towers one before running out a fire exit crying
7	@LethalWeaponFOX This show SUCKS! #lame #awful you even used the same names?? lol SO SO bad! #Failed #notworth2minutes. Off air SOON
7	Rooney shocking attempted cross
7	That's an awful miss from Rooney.
7	Another fun fact: i am afraid
7	Why upping rooms makes a few apprehend leaving out charcoal ownership: UnZU
7	I don't want speak front to him #afraid #intimidate #nopanicattack
7	I don't want speak front to him   #nopanicattack
7	I want to be a woman who #overcomes obstacles by tackling them in #faith instead of tiptoeing around them in #fear. Renee Swope
7	When you're scared to press send #bgoodthepoet #PrayForMe #ThisIsAGodDream #career #help #fear #heart #HeartRacing
7	When you're scared to press send #bgoodthepoet #PrayForMe #ThisIsAGodDream #career #help  #heart #HeartRacing
7	@RyanAbe awe yay thank god I was so worried.
7	About 7 weeks till I can pick up my camera again. Though I think there is a group cemetery shoot in october I can make! #photography #horror
7	About 7 weeks till I can pick up my camera again. Though I think there is a group cemetery shoot in october I can make! #photography
7	@hollywooddivas @TMZ_Sports Idiots like Larry Sanders scare us All!How can Morons these days Rush 2 Judge #Police w/o all facts yet?FU thugs
7	Thanks for ripping me off again #Luthansa €400 not enough for a one way flight to man from Frk then €30 for a bag then free at gate #awful
7	Thanks for ripping me off again #Luthansa €400 not enough for a one way flight to man from Frk then €30 for a bag then free at gate
7	T5ylw ansh a79l shy 7lw mn wayed nas fe whatsapp
7	The moment you bring her to meet your best friend and you're nervous af! 😬😆  #thefriendtest
7	The moment you bring her to meet your best friend and you're nervous af! 😬😆 #nervous #thefriendtest
7	@ChrissyCostanza and have social anxiety. There is many awkward things wrong with me. 😄
7	@chutneysupercat hi lovely brownie, MM is calling me tuppytupperware.. its awful
7	Northampton are awful 🙈
7	It really is amazing the money they give to some of these QB's #nfl #texans #brock
7	It really is amazing the money they give to some of these QB's #nfl #texans #brock #terrible
7	@lukeshawtime terrible
7	@mikefreemanNFL \nIsn't OBrien supposed to be some sort of offensive genius #awful
7	@mikefreemanNFL \nIsn't OBrien supposed to be some sort of offensive genius
7	Trying to book holiday flights on @britishairways website is becoming a #nightmare
7	Trying to book holiday flights on @britishairways website is becoming a
7	Bout ta get my @dontbreathe on up in here! @WarrenTheaters #nervous #icantholdmybreaththatlong
7	Bout ta get my @dontbreathe on up in here! @WarrenTheaters  #icantholdmybreaththatlong
7	#twitter #users Tweeting on twitter is like playing a game against the computer. Where's the life, Everyone too #afraid to say something?
7	@ReaganBattalion That's a terrible thing to accuse Scott Baio of.
7	Tweeting from the sporadic wifi on the tube #perilous
7	Tweeting from the sporadic wifi on the tube
7	Southend players always haunt Man U
7	If i start growing out my mustache now, I can be Pablo Escobar for Halloween!!!
7	Not the best horror ever but I like that the uncertainty
7	Hillary Clinton looked the other way to the Saudi war on women and their terror financing because they bought her off.
7	@AaliyahLove69 I would be intimidated but I would like to think I would have manned up and helped.
7	it's horrible cos no one can relate,  everyone is happy and dandy in one way or another
7	@CesarSampao @thisisbolton don't get me started on town centre. Used to go every week.... not been for 18 months #horrible
7	@CesarSampao @thisisbolton don't get me started on town centre. Used to go every week.... not been for 18 months
7	Gahh...BT, in queue for 30 minutes.. Now put through to BT Sport dept to cancel... back in a queue again... #shocking
7	Gahh...BT, in queue for 30 minutes.. Now put through to BT Sport dept to cancel... back in a queue again...
7	Staff on @ryainair FR1005. Asked for info and told to look online. You get what you pay for. #Ryanair @STN_Airport #Compensation
7	Staff on @ryainair FR1005. Asked for info and told to look online. You get what you pay for. #Ryanair @STN_Airport #Compensation #awful
7	An adviser to the #European #Union’s top #court said #Hamas and the #Tamil #Tigers should be taken off the EU’s #terror list.#lka
7	So about 18mths ago i signed up to @Lumo_Energy for their @VirginAustralia / Velocity FF deal. 18 months in still no FF points #shocking
7	So about 18mths ago i signed up to @Lumo_Energy for their @VirginAustralia / Velocity FF deal. 18 months in still no FF points
7	#Matthew 25; 1-13\nCould somebody shoot a #video about it?\nIt could be 1 of those #horror videos but in the same time turning many 2 #Christ
7	@bkero @whispersystems Which really sucks because typing on a mobile device is always horrible and I hate it.
7	Be #afraid of the #quiet ones they are the ones who actually #think.
7	@riinkanei he's a horrible person and now i gag when i see people quote him
7	What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.' ~Tim Ferriss #inspiring #inspired #motivation #fear #success #hustle
7	What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.' ~Tim Ferriss #inspiring #inspired #motivation  #success #hustle
7	a pedicure is supposed to be nice but honestly I'm so nervous rn my feet are too ticklish
7	US you need to band together not apart #nevertrump he promotes hatred and fuels #fear
7	US you need to band together not apart #nevertrump he promotes hatred and fuels
7	What a shamefull, unequal, dangerous and worrying world we live in nowadays! #terrifying #Charlotte  #shitworldforourkids
7	Been up since 4am. Too scared to go back to sleep #nightmare — feeling scared
7	@EASPORTSFIFA EA sports technical support team really suprised me 😊 SUPRISED ME AT HOW SHIT THEY WERE #awful
7	@EASPORTSFIFA EA sports technical support team really suprised me 😊 SUPRISED ME AT HOW SHIT THEY WERE
7	@F1abraham holy shit...what the hell happened to your lips!! Fix that shit! #mtv #teenmom #horrible
7	@F1abraham holy shit...what the hell happened to your lips!! Fix that shit! #mtv #teenmom
7	@JamesPiotr I am working on a feature right now about the preponderance of awful owners who are at war with fans. So many to choose from.
7	BibleMotivate: Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you. #faith #leadership  #mindfu…
7	@chelsysayshi @Adweek touché! I'll start paying more attention and test this 🕵🏻‍♀️ #AdweekChat
7	That boy so intimidated he go back and say dumb mess like that. 🤔 lol boy please, you know good and well.
7	The ecosystem is meant to break thru the wall of #apprehension. It's easy to follow a fave music star &amp; watch their goings on–but #dentists?
7	Plus why did I have a baby 4 days before Christmas this is gonna haunt me forever!!!
7	@BennyN_PR If you need any assistance with your concern so it can be resolved, feel free to email us with your info. ^AP
7	inha's and seol's banter is rly fun to read. im in awe that seol is willing to deal with her tho
7	@littlepieces Customer services got involved and eventually completely wash their hands of it. #awful #dreamornightmare
7	@littlepieces Customer services got involved and eventually completely wash their hands of it.  #dreamornightmare
7	and I'm up from a dream where I said something really retarded on twitter and it got like 10000 retweets #nightmare
7	and I'm up from a dream where I said something really retarded on twitter and it got like 10000 retweets
7	I'm way too busy and tired all the time to worry about my past and the things I should be regretting (but I never am).
7	When City Hall has the fire alarm go off and it's been 15 minutes and the fire department still isn't here
7	@britishairways term 5 security queues at arrivals #shocking
7	@britishairways term 5 security queues at arrivals
7	@RussiaInsider Really sad &amp; surprising. 1 side #Russia fighting against #IS &amp; on the other supporting #Pak which is epic centre 4 #terrorism
7	@RussiaInsider Really sad &amp; surprising. 1 side #Russia fighting against #IS &amp; on the other supporting #Pak which is epic centre 4
7	The #Texans should never play a prime time game again...this is #awful #TNF
7	The #Texans should never play a prime time game again...this is  #TNF
7	So going to local news immediately after #DesignatedSurvivor turns out to be a smooth transition. 'Chaos! A raging fire!...' #media #fear
7	So going to local news immediately after #DesignatedSurvivor turns out to be a smooth transition. 'Chaos! A raging fire!...' #media
7	😫 ughh I just want all this to be over.. it's like a nightmare! can we all just get along?
7	Time for some despair #SDR3 #despair #fuckthisanime
7	Time for some despair #SDR3  #fuckthisanime
7	Fuckin restless
7	Annoyed with @TripAdvisorUK bullying me to download an app that eats my phone memory. Will seek alternative from now. #bully #tripadvisor
7	Annoyed with @TripAdvisorUK bullying me to download an app that eats my phone memory. Will seek alternative from now.  #tripadvisor
7	@News24 #FMF protesters aren't interested in reasoned debate, just #intimidation #violence &amp; #disruption to get demands met
7	I #cry out #fear to clear a #path\nBut my Voice seems 2 silent 2 chase a #rat\nAm just indoor #expecting to open door\na #weak wise #fool I am
7	@jshayevitz @Israel is a #bully worse than #hitler a #demon under #human guise.. its the cause of all #MiddleEast problems!
7	@kevinrouth Now that's what I call a gameface! #gameface
7	@NikeSupport ok, thats it. After 2 weeks not being able to sign in, time to move on &amp; find another app. I will strongly discourage NikeRun
7	#quote What U #fear controls U. Fear is not out in life but in ur mind. Real difficulties can be overcome - Cheryl Janecky
7	I hate those sugar cookies shit is awful
7	@gfunk85 @officialpes you must have been one of 'them'. Those that used long balls to win matches. Your reign of terror is over, accept it
7	@DaddyION you and that awful music can take a walk... right off a cliff. K. 😘
7	It is important to seek peace, even in the midst of a horrific war #CreateSyria  @intalert #TalkingPeace #buildingpeace
7	@AdoreDelano ill be there... with VIP TICKETS! Can't wait to meet you. Never met a famous person i admire before! #nervous
7	@AdoreDelano ill be there... with VIP TICKETS! Can't wait to meet you. Never met a famous person i admire before!
7	what to wear Friday \nspeaking in front of 100's.   #nervous
7	@CNN please fire don lemon!!Do not let him report on anymore  protest. He is #horrible #negative and runs away from the issue at hand!
7	In honor of Shawty Lo passing away I made Dey Know my new alarm clock song so I wake up with the right attitude everyday lol
7	@Bwana86 I can fear that someone is always following me everywhere I go. Does that make it true??
7	second episode of AHS 6 here i go #panic
7	second episode of AHS 6 here i go
7	I can never find the exact #emoji that I'm after at the exact moment that I need it #nuclear #missiles.\n\n#IndianArmy
7	The Car' (1977)\nA middle of the road #horror film that in the hands of a better filmmaker could've been a hell of a lot better. 5/10
7	The terror threat level really need to be raised
7	I'm going to get the weirdest thank you note--or worse--total silence and no acknowledgement. #anxiety
7	I'm going to get the weirdest thank you note--or worse--total silence and no acknowledgement.
7	@Curculiunculus @System1Politics Yep, as I pointed out before, it's the politics of loathing. That's why the big candidates are so horrible.
7	@rockcock64 cum and despair
7	@AliKhanSays Oh come on. RAW and ISI have been spying for decades. Spying and supporting terrorism is two different thing.
7	Shame on you @SkyNews showing an elephant being hunted and killed, #shocking
7	Shame on you @SkyNews showing an elephant being hunted and killed,
7	I shower to lay in bed for about an hour then dread wearing pants for the remainder of the day
7	@devenmiddleton i'm totally loving it, it just makes me sad when people feel super awful cuz they aren't abroad like life is still goin
7	@destaneex @ProSyndicate @EGX oh don't panic he's gonna be there
7	like srsly somebody help me deal with this social anxiety
7	Love takes off the masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. - James A. Baldwin
7	Romero is fucking dreadful like seriously my 11 month old is better than him.
7	@HillaryClinton evidently @realDonaldTrump feels above #norms. SHOW the #tax return, if you have nothing to #fear
7	@HillaryClinton evidently @realDonaldTrump feels above #norms. SHOW the #tax return, if you have nothing to
7	Fuck me....what the fuuuuuuuck did I just watch?!?! #STAGESCHOOL is awful.....no that flatters it!! #shocking 😮👎
7	Why do people gotta start so much drama ? Shoot me ☹️
7	@mar_de_palabras But I do think we need to experience a bit madness &amp; despair too. This is the stuff that makes us human.
7	I hate freaking out and ruining things. #anxiety
7	I hate freaking out and ruining things.
7	Paranoia is a fear every races has
7	@kohara19 It's a rare land octopus. Be very afraid.
7	God, I've been so physically weak the whole day. So much shaking :(
7	why won't you let me go? do i threaten all your plans? im insignificant
7	It appears my fire alarm disapproves of my cooking style
7	penny dreadful just cleaved off a fraction of my heart
7	Even at this level, rojo still manages to play god damn awful. #MUFC
7	.@billradkeradio is not a fan of The Beat Happening. But that's not to discourage aspiring other Olympia musicians! #KUOWrecord
7	@shimian lol. DK has actually dropped from top of the table, surprisingly Arms Warrior is top of the DPS at the moment #shocking
7	@shimian lol. DK has actually dropped from top of the table, surprisingly Arms Warrior is top of the DPS at the moment
7	@dish_answers I've contacted @dish @dish_answers #awful #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice
7	@dish_answers I've contacted @dish @dish_answers  #service #whathappenedtocustomerservice
7	@ManUtd Rooney needs to come off! Absolutely dreadful! 🙈🙈🙈 class goal from @carras16 @carras16 showing why he should be in the team!!
7	@brendancoots where's your outrage that your party nominated a lying, corrupt person? And received donations from nations who support terror
7	@Groupon_UK who do I contact about a shocking experience with Clear Sky Holidays booked through you guys?? #customerservicefail #dreadful
7	@Groupon_UK who do I contact about a shocking experience with Clear Sky Holidays booked through you guys?? #customerservicefail
7	@sandrosmom The horror!
7	@jaimeotero_ how about saying something like 'if you're concerned about privacy use it only in incognito mode'. #alarmist
7	@jaimeotero_ how about saying something like 'if you're concerned about privacy use it only in incognito mode'.
7	@KimPiggie @kristasaidthis oh every people can make tipo. It is terrible bullying them about that. It's trvial and very sad.😔
7	But 'for me not to worry, they'll get a glass guy over and bill us for it'
7	When you just want all the attention #cantsleep #nervous
7	When you just want all the attention #cantsleep
7	#GoodAfternoon! ^^ Doesn't matter whn you #start something, as long as you start it #today. 'Age' only exists in the mind. You are #Timeless
7	@comcast you charge 150 extra for sending someone out and your cable service still doesn't work. That's robbery. #cable  #service
7	@comcast you charge 150 extra for sending someone out and your cable service still doesn't work. That's robbery.  #cable #horrible #service
7	More #terror attacks on #India means something ominous for #Pakistan The current situation can't last long
7	I stepped into the shower and my spidey senses tangled. I immediately looked up and saw a spider directly above my head.
7	I stepped into the shower and my spidey senses tangled. I immediately looked up and saw a spider directly above my head. #terror
7	@Away_Label_Not True Indeed! Next time if these midnight hunger pangs worry you,then you can order delicious rolls from #TRC via @ScootsyIt
7	Good job #Texas for saying no to #Obama for #refugees who could be #terrorists! #Wakeup, #America! #Stop #terrorism. #pray @foxandfriends
7	@ddcl2519 @ABC not nice.  Wishing harm on another human being is deplorable.  Your comments show how human, and humane you are. #bully
7	@ddcl2519 @ABC not nice.  Wishing harm on another human being is deplorable.  Your comments show how human, and humane you are.
7	@TamraBarney @ShannonBeador @RHOC_KellyDodd Tamra would F her up if she swung on Tamra\nKelly is a piece of 💩 #needstobeadmitted #bully
7	@TamraBarney @ShannonBeador @RHOC_KellyDodd Tamra would F her up if she swung on Tamra\nKelly is a piece of 💩 #needstobeadmitted
7	The majority of my clients have family/ partner/ day job/ life AND write their beautiful books. #awe #gratitude #HARDwork
7	The majority of my clients have family/ partner/ day job/ life AND write their beautiful books.  #gratitude #HARDwork
7	@ibishotelsuk @ibisHotels_FR @ibishotelbr @ibishotel @ibishotelBDG @ibishotel1 to give me my keys back. They aren't for my house! #shocking
7	@ibishotelsuk @ibisHotels_FR @ibishotelbr @ibishotel @ibishotelBDG @ibishotel1 to give me my keys back. They aren't for my house!
7	#Determine to #start putting the Word in your #heart #consistently. Every day a #line here, a line there--a tape here, a #tape there 💨
7	I went to this sushi spot &amp; they had tobi &amp; an ANBU mask hung on the wall behind them. I will start going there even tho I don't eat seafood
7	RIP 'dancing on my own' after that awful song and dance
7	@nicky57672 Hi! We are working towards your highlighted concern and we will keep you posted on same. Regards, Himani
7	Caballero having a nightmare #sweeperkeepernot
7	@Diana_Buds well, did she make you laugh with her panic mania or not??¿
7	there is no shame in fear, what matters is how we face it.
7	Val got a little too big for her hiking boots with that bakewell, the little terror #GBBO
7	@PARISDENNARD why should I listen to someone with a tie like that? #awful
7	@PARISDENNARD why should I listen to someone with a tie like that?
7	@outmagazine jesus heck you're awful
7	I forgot #BB18 was on tonight  that is how much the real world has been distracting me #horrid 
7	@atlabps He doesn't intimidate me, it just annoys me to have him by my side. The further he is, the better I feel
7	I wish I could fast forward 3 months from now, I'll know then where I'm at with my girl, my classes, and basketball. Rn I have pure #anxiety
7	I wish I could fast forward 3 months from now, I'll know then where I'm at with my girl, my classes, and basketball. Rn I have pure
7	@DsWorld18 did you hear it? Cause I am getting messages about the ground shaking
7	Southampton playing really well here. Youngsters Matty Targett and Jake Hesketh in particular and Austin and Long formidable as a front two
7	#tulsa - Police manufacture murder... Wonder why we carry burners...? - MaxLevelz #shake
7	#tulsa - Police manufacture murder... Wonder why we carry burners...? - MaxLevelz
7	If I was a ghost I'd haunt people by giving them cramps in both of their legs when they do cardio 😈😈😈 #Mwahaha
7	@zorefx you guys will see what i did in the next video but its fucking horrid
7	#Malaysian police arrest 4 people for suspected links to #terrorism including three #foreigners\n\n#Malaysia
7	I thought I wouldn't have to deal with that fire alarm again today and then I stepped into Mesa during their fire drill👀
7	That moment of #panic when your zipper gets stuck when you're in the #bathroom and you realize the only way out of your jeans is #scissors
7	Why does #terrorism exist in the first place? #AskTrumpOneQuestion
7	Multitasking .... I may have to induce these seeds of mine to sleep. #restless
7	Multitasking .... I may have to induce these seeds of mine to sleep.
7	On the way to Laser Vista ... lens implantation ... #LaserVista #nervous #happy
7	On the way to Laser Vista ... lens implantation ... #LaserVista  #happy
7	Had a conversion with a random fellow passenger on a #melbourne @metrotrains yesterday evening #astounded #youwouldntreadaboutit
7	Had a conversion with a random fellow passenger on a #melbourne @metrotrains yesterday evening  #youwouldntreadaboutit
7	this girl at my new school is so pretty i am #intimidated
7	this girl at my new school is so pretty i am
7	I wanna go to fright fest with squad
7	@annafifield @washingtonpost all hands on deck at the post and in the msm as trump starts to lead in oh, fla, NC, NV, CO. #panic
7	@annafifield @washingtonpost all hands on deck at the post and in the msm as trump starts to lead in oh, fla, NC, NV, CO.
7	It's unbelievable that security guard acting like a gangster trying 2 threaten me and tell me what to do with my own home. #terrify #annoy 😡
7	@paige_christian awe man, when are you free then? ☹️️☹️️☹️️💘💘💘
7	A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.' - Nelson Mandela
7	I'm a shy person
7	@Rosie #Strongwomen terrify #weakmen - don't let the #bully wear you down. Loving your consistency and truth in rough times Hang in there ❤️
7	Which #JohnCarpenter #horror #action #flick is your favorite ??
7	@rihaBabyJ Aw no problem. I just felt like speaking because I felt the same before and I want you to overcome it and not be discouraged. :)
7	@chelseahandler I don't think your a girls girl #fraud #bully #celebeffer
7	@chelseahandler I don't think your a girls girl #fraud  #celebeffer
7	@DrColJ @drshow #Muslims have been in USA for ages. To think that Muslims commit #terrorism due to #Islam, you gotta be out of your mind.
7	I seriously miss #ahsaftershow with @trixiemattel and @TheRealEdHansen. I need to talk about the mamasitas and the hunks of horror.
7	I can't believe this day hasn't been horrible BLESS
7	I'm also upset at my incorrect use of a comma. #grammar #struggle #hesitation #backtoschool 🎒📚
7	Worry makes you look at the problem and God makes you look at the promise.  #problem #promise   #faith #God #theanswer #spiritu...
7	@LanaDelRey @Ocelottacash tfw ur fans panic cuz they think u cut ur hair
7	Starting to get butterflies in our tummies about tomorrow...who will win?! #nervous @IPMCOGSAwards
7	shy glizzy - ride 4 u🎧
7	@Varneyco @SheriffClarke I agree. Rioters destroy property, injure citizens, and threaten lives. We need a zero tolerance policy on riots.
7	Kernel panic = sweating, sneezing, hiccuping, snot, tears, crying. Clearly my body has an issue with chilli.
7	Why is it so windy? So glad I didn't ride my bike. #fear #wind
7	Why is it so windy? So glad I didn't ride my bike.  #wind
7	Rear garden alarm activated  at Telford house at 106.4.
7	watching my first Cage of Death and my word this is tremendous
7	Pakistan continues to treat #terror as a matter of state policy says @MEAIndia. #UriAttack
7	I think I must scare my coworkers when I'm eating like a rabid animal on my breaks #srry
7	“Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have'.  Joyce Meyer.  #motivation #leadership #worry
7	“Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have'.  Joyce Meyer. #motivation #leadership
7	It's not a panic situation let's be honest. How shit are they. We just have Rooney up front 😂😂😂😂
7	Patriot rookie QB Jacoby Brissett  to start vs Houston tomorrow nite.\n\n'Been a learning process since I got here.Gotta be ready to go.'
7	@MaxiNutrition order 321073 parcel 15502922895987. #awful #customercare by @DPD_UK tried to view calling card online. black image #noshow
7	The 2008 crisis was just the tremor In advance of the earthquake'
7	@bt_uk appointment booked between 1-6 today, waited in all day and nobody showed up, also requested a call back and never got one
7	@bt_uk appointment booked between 1-6 today, waited in all day and nobody showed up, also requested a call back and never got one #awful
7	I can't believe @HoustonTexans can't put up even 3 points on @Patriots #horrible #hugeletdown
7	I can't believe @HoustonTexans can't put up even 3 points on @Patriots  #hugeletdown
7	#Question of the #day: what are some of your #nervous #habits? (biting fingernails, tapping your foot, clenching your teeth...)
7	@CapehartJ agree!  Those latest polls #alarming
7	@CapehartJ agree!  Those latest polls
7	Changing my hair again #shocking
7	Changing my hair again
7	@tariqmateen but sadly he missed some crucial and important points. Indian terrorism in pk,  kal Boshan,  etc..  Raw involvement
7	Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you. #faith #leadership  #mindfulness #success
7	I've realized my anxiety is at an all time high when I'm in my office. I feel prisoned here and I pick up on bad energy.
7	@yonahimes they never posted stuff like this?????\ni mean i was able to scroll over it so it wasnt a big deal but it was #shocking
7	@yonahimes they never posted stuff like this?????\ni mean i was able to scroll over it so it wasnt a big deal but it was
7	@ducktapepr @midnightaction @juliea592 @catherinerusse2 I dread to think... #DirtyPeople
7	When you realize there is #NoHopeForHumanity so you just #start focusing on what's #best for you.
7	sai manakgupta \n\nWhat about brutality by #Indian Army In #Kashmir ? isnt it terrorism ?\nIndia should accept precondition of #FreeKashmir fi…
7	@maggyvaneijk Old age?! No hope for the rest of us. Destined to become deatheaters by 50 #nightmare
7	@maggyvaneijk Old age?! No hope for the rest of us. Destined to become deatheaters by 50
7	@carl_diggler @TMZ_Sports Thank you for saying what others are afraid to say, Carl. Big fan!
7	@dilancliff @jackcourtney95 @ConnorGarnett1 Connor said he's worried that Jack will steal his girls on a night out #nervous
7	@dilancliff @jackcourtney95 @ConnorGarnett1 Connor said he's worried that Jack will steal his girls on a night out
7	@ShannonBeador we know the truth about her, the public is figuring it out. Her words mean nothing.  #unhappy #mean #troubled #vile #bully
7	Thorpe park fright night booked for me and @JakeTaylorr12  21st something different should be a laugh 🐝
7	It's amazing how something gets stuck in your head, and you can't shake a memory...  Sometimes, I miss people a lot.  Wish they knew.
7	@NancyErvin4 The most ghastly thing is the silence from the #AARP. Trump says he won't touch SS, but his tax plan belies that.  Huge cuts.
7	Am I the only one with parking sensors who still manages to reverse into things? #nightmare
7	Am I the only one with parking sensors who still manages to reverse into things?
7	@SeanUnfiltered Texans are scared of this bunch! #intimidated
7	@SeanUnfiltered Texans are scared of this bunch!
7	if Man U lose i may actually have a nervous breakdown
7	#ThisIsUs has messed with my mind &amp; now I'm anticipating the next episode with #apprehension &amp; #delight! #isthereahelplineforthis
7	@AfroNewtzz also your car hahahah 'oh we've broken down lemme just rearrange the car quickly' #nightmare
7	@AfroNewtzz also your car hahahah 'oh we've broken down lemme just rearrange the car quickly'
7	My doctor has taken a liking to poking prodding and drawing blood from me post dad. Over concern is nice but dear gawd needles :O
7	@imjustatrankk awe yay wish i could rt /:
7	@Darren32895836 @FatimaFatwa it would be a great opportunity to settle the globe down.. #fear does wonders..
7	@_MariaPetrova should have stopped after 'smiled'. Being rude=not the same as being funny.It was just being mean #bully  #stoppickingonwomen
7	@_MariaPetrova should have stopped after 'smiled'. Being rude=not the same as being funny.It was just being mean  #stoppickingonwomen
7	Panic attacks are the worst. Feeling really sick and still shaking. I should be a sleep. #anxiety #depression
7	Panic attacks are the worst. Feeling really sick and still shaking. I should be a sleep.  #depression
7	@Doubtism I'm not on about history or  other people, I'm on about you. I've bullied no one, I make three posts and you attack #bully
7	@Doubtism I'm not on about history or  other people, I'm on about you. I've bullied no one, I make three posts and you attack
7	something incredibly terrible about my life is i'm 23 years old and still suffering through group projects..........
7	#ArchangelSummit @sethgodin  Anyone can be brave but you just have to last 5 mins longer than everyone else. #leadership #fear
7	#ArchangelSummit @sethgodin  Anyone can be brave but you just have to last 5 mins longer than everyone else. #leadership
7	I love my mother, but talking about the recent horrific murders with her is exhausting. Is this really how America feels?
7	@schokokitsune As much as I always eat....so no. -w- \n\nBut I shake all the time, so eeeeh. Maybe I should go see a doctor 'cause of it .w.
7	0 excitement for this weekend just pure dread
7	@TheSummerIsHere Your ass looks horrible! Oh, is that your face?
7	@Briardpup @dogworldnews Did they get the wrong fur Pal? #shocking 😱
7	If you ain't shaking no ass, don't ask me for my liquor. Rule #1..
7	@Dolla_DeLotta They wanna bully the Inhuman.
7	Will do fine on the mat tonight with or without sleep. theres no worry for that on this side of the water
7	8. sweater weather - the neighbourhood\ngirls/girls/boys - panic! at the disco
7	whats with these boxes when i search google on chrome #horrible #distracting
7	whats with these boxes when i search google on chrome  #distracting
7	last nigt i dreamt \nthat somebody loved me\nno hope no harm\njust another false alarm
7	@peterdaou What? Hillary has 27 different controversies and she gets asked NOTHING about any of them. Truth is she's a horrible candidate
7	Remember the #twinkie #scare ???? #tbt
7	 heads melted, very tired but can't sleep.
7	Collects all the times when Minerva would chew on his cape. Begins to shiver, runs a hand through his hair. \n\n'You can surely━\n@ardentflier
7	Never let your #fear decide your #future 󾍘🏽\nHave an amazing Thursday, \nLove Miss D X
7	@KissFMUK rescue my morning, turned up to the gym an hour early before it opened! #nightmare ☝️
7	#Obama #DOJ have destroyed USA!These #CharlotteProtest are acts of #terrorism dating back to #Ferguson Terrorism is how it should be treated
7	Why are all of these people leaving Blizzard??? D: It's giving me a frighten!
7	@Twitch how do I stop that horror movie themed commercial? Suddenly hearing screams is really not making me want to watch twitch. #anxiety
7	@Twitch how do I stop that horror movie themed commercial? Suddenly hearing screams is really not making me want to watch twitch.
7	@ayeshashafique5 we are not concerned about Pakistan's internal affairs. But the terrorism as it's state &amp; economic policy.#terroristnation
7	Yall rlly gotta stop lettin bees put fear in ur heart. unless ur allergic, I'm not tryna see u run around from a fuckin bee...chill. u soft.
7	Come on girl shake that ass for me
7	i'm... nervous about this test rip
7	Stoked that the concept of 'label exclusivity' is becoming faux pas. Always believed it held artists back while creating label distrust
7	@esanderc @MrsFridayNext It is very specific areas only. I care like 0% about clothes, much to my mother's dismay.
7	There is nothing like being in the shower when the power goes out 😳 #creepy #panic
7	There is nothing like being in the shower when the power goes out 😳 #creepy
7	#smackdev #ptp #start oh yeah!
7	What's up Cowboys? #horrible
7	What's up Cowboys?
7	Popufurs make posts like 'opening commissions in an hour get a slot while you can' and I'm like sitting here in awe at that sort of demand
7	Does this blow your mind as much as it blew mine, or did I just sexually harass someone? #WHOA #Mindblown #huh #setback #fright #madashell 😂
7	@kateemick what a nightmare
7	Follow this amazing Australian author @KristyBerridge #fiction  #zombies #angels #demons #vampires #werewolves #follow #authorlove
7	Ok this movie was good in it's time, and whilst we were young... 😂 Still enjoy a shy Ethan Hawk #BeforeSunrise
7	@LeeMorris7 I had no idea until I came off air directing at 7pm #shocking 😕
7	“What worries you masters you.” - Haddon Robinson @ChoGMinistries #Jesusisthesubject #worry #anxiety #anxious
7	“What worries you masters you.” - Haddon Robinson @ChoGMinistries #Jesusisthesubject   #anxious
7	#PeopleLikeMeBecause of some unknown reason but I try to discourage it
7	realising you have no conditioner after already shampooing 😓😓 #nightmare
7	realising you have no conditioner after already shampooing 😓😓
7	Putin feels it acceptable to bomb &amp; kill aid workers. Soon he may be sitting at the same table as Trump!! #Armageddon #USApleasedont #horror
7	Putin feels it acceptable to bomb &amp; kill aid workers. Soon he may be sitting at the same table as Trump!! #Armageddon #USApleasedont
7	@syd_viciously I have gained a tremendous amount of respect for @RandPaul over the past couple of years.
7	@virginmedia shocking service for your call centre staff this evening. Transfer me and cut me off after waiting forever to speak to someone.
7	Shriekfest is lining up VOLUNTEERS! Oct 6-9, only serious inquiries please!  shriekfest@aol.com  see free films!  #horror
7	I walked 3.4 miles today, the most I've walked since I got #rhabdo. Going back to work tomorrow.. here's to hoping it goes okay #nervous
7	I walked 3.4 miles today, the most I've walked since I got #rhabdo. Going back to work tomorrow.. here's to hoping it goes okay
7	@JessicaLRohlik you seriously need to pop out of some curtains while matt is filming  to scare the bejesus out of him.
7	@sphiwememela...its bad.I am fearing for my life🙏
7	@sandahlcarrie Your comments concern us, Carrie. Please DM your record locator and details.
7	Looks like I'm going in for my op just over a week or so early! #nervous 🙈🙈🙈
7	@ykrahs666 @HaiderAlAbadi @HassanRouhani %95 of Iraqi political was fighting with Iran against Iraq in 80s %99 of terror in Iraq is Iranian
7	@BowkerMorgan awe thanks morgs!!! love u lots girly ❤️😊❤️
7	This is awful
7	Do not #worry about anything but #pray about everything.
7	@Masonicmoron i always hesitate to update.  At least it's no the horrors iPhone users endure every few months 😅😅
7	@mylittlepwnies3 \n&gt; #terrorism coffee addict\n&gt; blocks cats, writers, artists and hedonists
7	even walking around with my family members who carry guns makes me nervous and theyre my family....
7	First College Math Test tomorrow #nervous
7	First College Math Test tomorrow
7	Have the producers of @soverybritish ever been outside of their country? These are universal problems. #worldwide #anxiety
7	Have the producers of @soverybritish ever been outside of their country? These are universal problems. #worldwide
7	So I've decided to go talk to Mr. Smithrud about that creepy fucking guy since he gave me a fucking anxiety attack this morning
7	Wtf are United doing, shocking defending
7	Yeah! Tonight it's time for the #weekend #mix @WildFM with @djkeanu and @RickWaltmann set your #alarm for 8pm #house #deephouse #ibiza
7	@drunkafzayn @vogueszap yes it's shocking how islamophobic Indias are considering how many Muslims live there
7	day 2 of the thread and i thing he doesn't like me like that. idk he's so shy and secretive... ugh.
7	@Red9Nick @Audi_Nutz @NickBuck08 @Thompson2Neil @Insaniti_LFC @knoller2 @KemlynRoadStand @godisared don't be shy their great people👍🏻👍🏻
7	It'd probably be useful to more than women, but I'm dealing with re-reading an article about a woman being harassed on the subway. #concern
7	It'd probably be useful to more than women, but I'm dealing with re-reading an article about a woman being harassed on the subway.
7	Not sure if thats an accomplishment or something to worry about
7	When you get to a point as an officer that you are in fear for your life you sir need to change professions
7	@AnsarAAbbasi John Kerry fckd u,chief justiceofpak made the statement publicly about party supporting terror what else u need#terrorstatepak
7	#Success awaits on the other side of your #fear &amp; that's only in your#head-JesusChristEmpowersRightThinking-ASK #fitness #weightlifting
7	When's it all finished, you will discover that it was never random! #thoughts #restless #CrossoverLife
7	When's it all finished, you will discover that it was never random! #thoughts  #CrossoverLife
7	@addy_caylen I told her I wasn't fighting her Bc I'm not trashy and she keeps tryna threaten me lmfao
7	Danish pastries...oh know my nightmare! Old boots is a good description #GBBO
7	@Gen_Ironicus Musicians have a superstitious dread of crossing highway 69, true story
7	@TheRachelFisher i've seen a bunch of that on another twitter feed and I remember you had an opinion on it #shocking
7	@TheRachelFisher i've seen a bunch of that on another twitter feed and I remember you had an opinion on it
7	That heart pounding, goosebumping nightmare experience! 😨 Woke up 3:00 in the morning with that scary, bad dream of mine. 😰
7	@WestHamUtd why does the ticket website never work? Trying to buy Palace tickets and it's impossible and says there's an error #awful
7	@WestHamUtd why does the ticket website never work? Trying to buy Palace tickets and it's impossible and says there's an error
7	I would just give her with their naked body. #afraid
7	I would just give her with their naked body.
7	I miss my dread head 😩
7	So I went to a different grocery store, and they had no @DukesMayonnaise\nI had to buy Helmann's.\nLiterally shaking right now.
7	So nervous I could puke
7	These mets know how to give someone anxiety #mets #lgm #anxiety @mets
7	Searching for someone to date ― on Tinder, at a bar, through friends ― can feel like an absurd nightmare. Or, at least, a series of
7	@NGilbert92 @_c0urtknee_ haha it's me, shocking I know 😂 you'll hear me moan I'm too cold in winter ⛄️
7	If you think reason will prevail in this election remember that Hitler was elected by what was then a wholly 'reasonable' society.
7	If you think reason will prevail in this election remember that Hitler was elected by what was then a wholly 'reasonable' society. #fear
7	#Depression has you wanting to change the past, #anxiety has you focusing on the unknown future. Neither are about living in the present.
7	@_Briannax33 @TheFunnyVine @MarielaLynn_ @karengutiii_ gotta shake the booty instead though, makes sure it's all good 🙂
7	@ctp It's daunting trying to follow Swift news/trends, and facing mind-shattering patterns/terms left and right. I'm trying to adopt gently.
7	@steph_baker7 i tried to turn off my alarm this morning and it turned on all my alarms instead
7	American horror story in bed 👌🏼
7	American horror story and chill tonight?😌
7	This weather making me dread work tonight
7	thank you for finding this @ @afcEnes coy
7	@JamieSmart93 that was shocking!
7	I look #horrible today and I just saw 6 people ik in the past 10 min :-)
7	First day of fall quarter tomorrow.  😰 #nervous #excited #anxious #blargh
7	First day of fall quarter tomorrow.  😰  #excited #anxious #blargh
7	I highly suggest if you are looking online for a company to help you send you're package overseas..DO NOT EVER EVER USE @FastLaneInt
7	I highly suggest if you are looking online for a company to help you send you're package overseas..DO NOT EVER EVER USE @FastLaneInt #horrid
7	A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot. - Joe Vitale #quote
7	Ugh.. Why am I not asleep yet. Fml. I think low key I'm afraid I might miss something. #SleeplessNight #sleepy #restless
7	Ugh.. Why am I not asleep yet. Fml. I think low key I'm afraid I might miss something. #SleeplessNight #sleepy
7	@AASadeq I scare people even when I'm suspended? LOL
7	Good Morning!!!\n\n#leadership #healthcareIT #socialmedia #connector #ceo #writer #AI #EQ #security #bigdata #Growthhacking #tech #fear
7	@captainzee44 yup. He can celebrate and no he doesn't hesitate
7	don't #worry, earthlings\ni'm not real..\n..OR AM I?
7	Skydive booked 😁😁 #nervous 🛩
7	Someone set off the fire alarm and I'm so angry because I was in the middle of moisturizing my elbows
7	Love all the ex United managers on Twitter who form our fanbase. Honestly I despair at times. Just back the fucking team eh #MUFC
7	Friday is here, and we are open tonight and tomorrow. Get a jump on your Halloween and come play with us. #hauntedattraction #tulsa
7	Friday is here, and we are open tonight and tomorrow. Get a jump on your Halloween and come play with us. #hauntedattraction #tulsa #haunt
7	what to wear Friday \nspeaking in front of 100's.
7	@Chic_Happens_ @Sean_Okeeffe1 @royalmusing I dread the comparisons to Queen Máxima. Guarantee I will lose followers when that happens.
7	@lhbrown1990 @Jimcummingsacme I'm afraid to look!
7	On the drive home today I heard a censored version of Spirits by The Strumbellas. 'Guns' replaced with 'dreams'. Just NO. #awful #censorship
7	On the drive home today I heard a censored version of Spirits by The Strumbellas. 'Guns' replaced with 'dreams'. Just NO.  #censorship
7	@rgam0rtis it's a common problem I've had with every 6 plus. having a regular 6 = not having to worry about the design flaw = working phone
7	@caIrissian take deep breaths bc the shaking could be from adrenaline. Oh wow that's weird. Depending if you're regular or not that varies-
7	Don't faint. New Cisco IOS vulnerabilities were announced yet again. What would be shocking? If they’re patched this week by users.
7	@jkriv You're most welcome. Please check with us anytime you have a question or concern.
7	Might start stanning Lady Gaga again - more so than last time - but shhh don't tell Connor
7	Whenever you are confronted by a wild animal or hostile individual remember that they can smell #fear or the fact you #poop your pants.
7	@BetteMidler @Adele @TheGarden @charitybuzz Also, apart from Skyfall, her music is dire and boring.
7	@economictimes World knows #Pakistan is an epicentre of #terror. The #pakistan speech in UN has define their agenda
7	Watched the movie, friend request at 2am awhile ago in a dark cold night and it was one of the bad choices I've ever made. #nightmare 😰
7	@FoxNews also we are having riots and protests at alarming rate every time there's a person of color that is shot.
7	Why do I have such bad anxiety it's annoying
7	Look at me. Made it through the day without a meltdown. #anxiety
7	Look at me. Made it through the day without a meltdown.
7	False alarm // matoma &amp; Becky hill
7	Happy 69th @StephenKing! May u keep haunting us for many years. #horror #writing
7	Happy 69th @StephenKing! May u keep haunting us for many years.  #writing
7	3. You are so cool I feel slightly intimidated sometimes but YOU ARE A VERY NICE PERSON and I LIKE THE THINGS YOU DO. 💕
7	@vkon1 @WindyCOYS by all accounts he was poor first half. Started showboating once game was safe #bully
7	@vkon1 @WindyCOYS by all accounts he was poor first half. Started showboating once game was safe
7	@MobilePunch  alarming
7	@RyhenMessedUp goodbye despair
7	#ahs6 every 5 minutes I've been saying 'nope nope I'd be gone by now.' 'MOVE' or 'GTFO' so thank you for the #fear
7	#ahs6 every 5 minutes I've been saying 'nope nope I'd be gone by now.' 'MOVE' or 'GTFO' so thank you for the
7	@Pamela_Moore13 @Ginlefebvre @BarackObama yes exactly &amp; he's sold out this country to #terror while #lying to cover it up
7	the day they disclosed they caught her googling cholroform we were fucking aghast
7	quentin i sait aps dire eastpak i dit aspak msk
7	@Naya_Eclissu + me!'\n\nAnd that's when she suddenly became quiet as her lips started to tremble \n\n'...........Naya'\n\n'I don't want to +
7	@Bridget_Delia @originalaubs omg that's terrible
7	#EFT is the single most effective tool I've learned in 40 years of being a therapist-Dr. Curtis A. Steele (psychiatrist) #stress #anxiety
7	#EFT is the single most effective tool I've learned in 40 years of being a therapist-Dr. Curtis A. Steele (psychiatrist) #stress
7	@maddie_truex just wait till they hit you with the 5am fire alarm in the middle of winter. Those are sweet
7	@DatelineNBC this is a sight, sound &amp; smell to behold in person--still gives me the creeps to think about. #shudder
7	@DatelineNBC this is a sight, sound &amp; smell to behold in person--still gives me the creeps to think about.
7	@BurmanAJ @AMANDAZUCKERMAN I'd rather see KYLE from bbcan play again and THAT is saying something #awful
7	@BurmanAJ @AMANDAZUCKERMAN I'd rather see KYLE from bbcan play again and THAT is saying something
7	If I could turn anxiety off--I would. #nooneunderstands #anxiety
7	If I could turn anxiety off--I would. #nooneunderstands
7	Sixth Form: see you at 8:30 in the morning 🎭 #revolting children #yr7 #assembly 🎭
7	I'm so old next Friday. So super old😩💔 I dread birthdays
7	Heyyyy warriors!!!!! #anxiety #panicattacks
7	Heyyyy warriors!!!!!  #panicattacks
7	This girl was shaking her drink in the break room and it wasn't fully closed and yeah it's all over the place now including me😑😑😂
7	with terrorism a booming industry in Pak and govt. oblivious of the fact wt happens within its territory Talking Kashmir is Deranged
7	@Apolocreed4 What is even more shocking is that someone gave him a record deal! lol
7	@GenevievePere23 @swifttwinner13 WOW you're calling me bully bc I correct a typo?😂 harsh
7	@thehill left wing panic because Hillary is weak and they know it this is a revolution a movement nothings going to help the left TrumpPence
7	Brb, going 2 start killing random white people going about their normal days. Don't worry though i'm white, so they will safely apprehend me
7	Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you. #anger #worry
7	Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you. #anger
7	@60DaysInJail Dafron is hands down the biggest loser on the planet!!! Typical #bully #lifer
7	@60DaysInJail Dafron is hands down the biggest loser on the planet!!! Typical  #lifer
7	Celtic sure know how to send a wild shiver down your spine
7	A nation with a large part of the population living in #fear  of the police is neither #great nor #free  - it's actually a #fascist  nation
7	@mcauley_ross rojo is awful
7	Bilal Abood, #Iraq #immigrant who lives in Mesquite, Texas, was sentenced to 48 months in prison for lying to the Feds about #terrorism.
7	Bilal Abood, #Iraq #immigrant who lives in Mesquite, Texas, was sentenced to 48 months in prison for lying to the Feds about .
7	I'm a nervous wreck omg
7	@LucasDrakeH @realDonaldTrump @GenFlynn @RandPaul @trump2016fan terrorist attack and terrorism already exists in the history of islam.
7	@LaneWoolery @FFKazman experience all plays a role in that, it's education and preparedness not fear
7	#heavyheart these last couple of days, who are the cause of this  #fear of losing someone close ? #amerikkka #kkkops #TerenceCrutcher
7	@alyssaxbeauty nightmare before Christmas
7	@MatherFamilys @SDICenter @CAllstadt \n\ndo REDNECKS intellectually intimidate you and force you to be their dancing clown?
7	@InfluensterVox @irontekfit I love my #IronTekFit protein shake in the morning before yoga! #ESVoxbox
7	@BuzzFeedAndrew @MattMurph24 start a countdown clock to reporting that pompous bully &amp; liar christie is asking president HRC for a pardon
7	Sorry @wow_air definitely going with @Icelandair next time, this is beyond unreasonable @wowairsupport #terrible #yourappologiesmeannothing
7	Sorry @wow_air definitely going with @Icelandair next time, this is beyond unreasonable @wowairsupport  #yourappologiesmeannothing
7	THIS BOOK IS FRICKING INSANE LIKE HOLY CRAP. #panic
7	THIS BOOK IS FRICKING INSANE LIKE HOLY CRAP.
7	@abbeygray14 they're revolting
7	@1StevieKilner @KachelaMurray Don't be silly - she doesn't want to scare them off! 😆
7	@ParamjitGarewal way to go #London. Nice job electing a #muslim #jihadist for mayor. Good luck with your future #terror attacks #sadiqkhan
7	Bring on my interview at hospital tho 🙈🙈 #nervous
7	Bring on my interview at hospital tho 🙈🙈
7	@therealkers awe I miss your sweet smile! Come visit me and @ciara_wilson26 sometime when we're not all working😅😩
7	Back on my #bully
7	Back on my
7	I'm so bored and fat and full and ridiculously overweight and rolls galore #terrible
7	I'm so bored and fat and full and ridiculously overweight and rolls galore
7	Val downing a bottle of vodka there to stop her from shaking! #GBBO
7	@PrinceJumbo You're welcome and thank to you likewise! What are you hoping to learn, like your no 1 concern?
7	@erickogi @citizentvkenya @OfficialJMbugua but at what price. The near misses are too many, am afraid it may translate into something else
7	I'd like to bridge the divide between Right and Left Twitter and say that the new Tweet truncating thing is fucking awful.
7	@slashersocial #horror H3LL I SURE DID!!! LOL\nHappy about this decision. :)
7	Hey @PapaJohnsUK I've been charged £40.24 on my credit card 4 an order which never arrived last Friday, any chance of a refund!! #nightmare
7	Hey @PapaJohnsUK I've been charged £40.24 on my credit card 4 an order which never arrived last Friday, any chance of a refund!!
7	I'm such a shy person oh my lord
7	Hope I sleep - no nightmare of Bakewell tarts #yuk #revolting #GBBO
7	Hope I sleep - no nightmare of Bakewell tarts #yuk  #GBBO
7	Can't even believe just seeing you set my anxiety off 🖕
7	Ya tremble like Mr. Cooper, yo we hanging
7	@eliroth ya know I love ya man, but #TheGreenInferno really fucked with my head....(giggle)..do it again. #epic  #ineedtherapy
7	@MarissaYerton wanna shake my tree??? 🍑🍑🍑🍑
7	Throwback to when Khloe Kardashian was a host on The X Factor and she was fucking terrible at it
7	two major banking stocks down almost 15 to 20 % from their highs while benchmarks still close to top it is a sure #worry for markets
7	@WaterboysAS I would never strategically vote for someone I don't agree with. A lot of the Clinton vote based on fear and negativity.
7	@Cassena13 I know if I wasn't an optimist I would despair.
7	Most people never achieve their goals because they are afraid to fail.
7	Just had my interview for the medical internship and I am beyond nervous😩 I was shaking so bad it was unreal😳
7	@jk_rowling @Riverfeather207 Donald Trump in the White House #shudder
7	@jk_rowling @Riverfeather207 Donald Trump in the White House
7	@asda if I wanted GREEN POTATOES, a bottle with the tag still on, plus soaking wet items delivered - I'm winning today-sadly I didn't #awful
7	@asda if I wanted GREEN POTATOES, a bottle with the tag still on, plus soaking wet items delivered - I'm winning today-sadly I didn't
7	I'm just always too shy
7	Need good vibes for my doctors appointment tomorrow! #nervous
7	Need good vibes for my doctors appointment tomorrow!
7	I'm just tryna watch horror movies and nap all day
7	@yupdats_jess @nereriveraa_ this doesn't concern you OR your sister. So show up if you want too lol.
7	@gingermckchav @MichCorsilles @ArevaMartin @HarvardBLSA @ShareblueMedia Apparently nothing like the terror cops have of black people.
7	Editing a father of the bride speech. At 3 minutes in she tells him to wrap it up. He goes on for 12 more minutes. #nightmare
7	Editing a father of the bride speech. At 3 minutes in she tells him to wrap it up. He goes on for 12 more minutes.
7	On the last episode of #MakingAMurderer poor Brendan glad they #appeal it #shocking #crime #documentary #reallife
7	On the last episode of #MakingAMurderer poor Brendan glad they #appeal it  #crime #documentary #reallife
7	She is someone who rolls persuasion under intimidate and awkwardly wins. ALL THE TIME.' @sourfruitjunkie on @JakiDash.
7	You shake like that?
7	My wedding is in two weeks and I'm actually really nervous. I just want things to go right, I don't want to get sick or get canceled ;;
7	Virtually every statement by other countries at UN has referred to #terror as main threat to peace, #Pak still in denial: MEA.
7	@Phin_MacCool That’s shocking
7	@FaithHill I remember it well #happy  #Positive
7	@FaithHill I remember it well #happy #afraid #Positive
7	@pronounced_ing However I am pretty sure my over excitement did not help your bullet journal fright. 🙃
7	Don't be #afraid of the space between your #dreams and #reality. If you can #dream it, you can #make it so
7	#picoftheday : How...why... Really... !!\n #funny #picoftheday #lol #random #laugh #chair #of  #funnypics #virgin #cafe #i...
7	And it's hard to dance with a devil on your back\nSo shake him off.
7	@Justin_Gau @JamesMelville You certainly wouldn't catch me with the multitude. #ghastly
7	@Justin_Gau @JamesMelville You certainly wouldn't catch me with the multitude.
7	❤︎I... I can't! I'm scared! Bees terrify me.
7	@wowairsupport it world be great if the live support was actually helpful #nightmare
7	@wowairsupport it world be great if the live support was actually helpful
7	Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. Oprah Winfrey
7	@GambieRanger @David__Osland which is why a leader who is encouraging his supporters to deselect is such a concern for many of us.
7	@imtarakate Uggh that's really horrible. You're not a bad person by any stretch of the imagination. I hope this person realizes that.
7	My life is going downhill at an alarming rate
7	If u know anything about football help me out here, who should I start
7	Don't understand reason for #Muslim countries citing #terrorism as reason for not taking #refugees. Aren't #terror attacks against infidels?
7	Can't believe @haven ring my parents NOW when they go tomorrow to say no disabled washing facility for my wheelchair bound dad #shocking
7	Can't believe @haven ring my parents NOW when they go tomorrow to say no disabled washing facility for my wheelchair bound dad
7	MSM stoking #fear. Please remember the beautiful prayerful protests in Dallas and Atlanta. Smile at a stranger. We make each other strong.
7	@nytimes I'm trying to imagine the first response of a President Trump to an act of terror. The thought itself terrorizes me.
7	@City_tv  is like the big bully in class ruining everyone's lunch but instead of taking our lunch money they took away family feud #bully
7	@City_tv  is like the big bully in class ruining everyone's lunch but instead of taking our lunch money they took away family feud
7	That rocky horror remake looks a bit w a n k
7	I wonder if Corey will vote for Nicole?? #snacole #bb18 #paulsgonnawin #finale #halfamill #nervous
7	I wonder if Corey will vote for Nicole?? #snacole #bb18 #paulsgonnawin #finale #halfamill
7	@wittyneeraj What is Shehla Rashid &amp; Kaniyah Kumar saying about you ? and when they say truth indians threaten them. #FakeDemocracy
7	@escotony sorry to hear about your experience, however, please do not hesitate to contact us via live chat or email at askdysonUS@dyson.com
7	@jdwmaguire 'They will be a formidable challenge' Roy Hodgson on Northampton Town *shudders*
7	Knowing I have my hair to wash and dry is like knowing you had that English close reading in your school bag to do #dread
7	Knowing I have my hair to wash and dry is like knowing you had that English close reading in your school bag to do
7	@TweetinderKaul @rupasubramanya @chandanwriter @TheQuint @ShivAroor future convicts rush in where TRP hogs fear to tread #HomilyHour
7	I'm sorry but since when is an #indiegames #DLC worth nearly £130 that's just plain lunacy when the game itself is £20odd, #astounded 😱
7	@GambinoDeeJay @Linda76Graham @mikeeshy \n\nAnd also, trying to find it on Youtube is a fucking nightmare.
7	Noooooo @GBBOUK without #MaryBerry will be #awful #endofanera going 2b so #lost @Channel4 have bought a #lameduck there #notallaboutthemoney
7	@LucidHurricane_ wait, you mean he wasn't armed with a book? #shocking
7	@LucidHurricane_ wait, you mean he wasn't armed with a book?
7	I realized that it is not #death that I #fear but it is the act of dying. \n#life
7	@AlZeidenfeld @DavisMattek @FI_GPP_Quotes @LoughyFI @FantasyInsiders terrible handle, but I owe whoever runs it a lot. #GPPHallMonitor
7	Mom you remember when Narley died? You cried like a baby! #bully
7	Mom you remember when Narley died? You cried like a baby!
7	@CornflakeDaddy @youngvulgarian Yeah, it was sooo horrific, I needed to sit down
7	#TerrorStatePak @sardesairajdeep Pakistan invitadated 4 times in India and why we worry to invade our own land #PoK?  Which is disputed.
7	This white lady just told me that I incite suspicion based on how I look, being 6'4', having tatoos, athletic build and wear a durag. WOW!
7	😂 - youre one of those whod bully me omg but it was all banter and we could laugh at it later haha. Youre a nice guy x
7	-normal people scare me*
7	@HMiglino @CParks777 @Coco_Wms @bodyfit67 @TruthEqualsFact @politicususa I have never been more anxious of a election in my life‼️
7	@HMiglino @CParks777 @Coco_Wms @bodyfit67 @TruthEqualsFact @politicususa I have never been more anxious of a election in my life‼️ #fearful
7	Happy birthday to Stephen King, a man responsible for some of the best horror of the past 40 years... and a whole bunch of the worst.
7	Last night my stomach was hurting and today I have a horrible headache. I can never win
7	@Amphabio don't kill it bees are dying at an alarming rate
7	@HotRodArchie @qadkins79 I have noticed since #HillarysHeath has become an issue the left is going full panic mode. #NTAC
7	@MoviesTVNetwork Wow, did you get a really good buy on a bunch of '70's movies? There were bad then and are worse now! #awful
7	@MoviesTVNetwork Wow, did you get a really good buy on a bunch of '70's movies? There were bad then and are worse now!
7	Caballero is shocking
7	Ffs dreadful defending
7	The #secret to all of every industry: just #start doing it...somehow people forget that they never gave you #permission.' - @thomaslennon
7	@AaronRodgers12 You will tell people not to  panic. But let see when was the last year the best QB in the NFL got his team in the SB???
7	@BBCwaste I would imagine he'd shake them up a tad... @afneil
7	@blessspalding awe isa love u hoe thanks
7	#Pakistan is ‘terrorist state’, carries out #war crimes: #India to @UN.\n#UNGA #terrorism #UN
7	#Pakistan is ‘terrorist state’, carries out #war crimes: #India to @UN.\n #UNGA  #UN
7	to shake and my mouth was chattering and I couldn't take right because all of my body was trembling so I went outside
7	Chart music is pretty much ALL the same.. #horrific
7	Chart music is pretty much ALL the same..
7	@Cernovich It's like the horror movie The Hills Have Eyes...
7	just looked at wood's goal again and i dont think his first chance is that bad a miss, horrible height hit hard and level,did well to hit it
7	@SimplyMayaMarie @STILLStanding_B 😂😂😂 y'all know I'm crazy its just shocking that's all
7	Loving @challengesophie @TEDx talk #challenge #fear #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable
7	Loving @challengesophie @TEDx talk #challenge  #map #inspiration #stayunstoppable
7	@tomsteinfort expected i thought #fear
7	@tomsteinfort expected i thought
7	I get discouraged because I try for 5 fucking years a contact with Lady Gaga but are thousands of tweets, how she would see my tweet? :(
7	@NigeriainfoFM #start football league, I think we should talk about the managers way of selection
7	Realized I intimidate people with low Self Esteem a long time ago. I only surround myself with Winners and people who know how to get money
7	Marcus Roho is dreadful
7	#travelfail #virgin #virginaus and #etihad #nightmare ... And now we're also delayed. #obvs 🙄😠
7	@Its_just_Huong I will beat you !!! Always thought id be gryffindor so this is a whole new world for me 😨😨😨 #excited #afraid
7	@Its_just_Huong I will beat you !!! Always thought id be gryffindor so this is a whole new world for me 😨😨😨 #excited
7	I don't know what WiFi/ISP Rivertide Suites in Seaside #Oregon uses. But 53ms ping best I can get and a D/L test won't complete..
7	I don't know what WiFi/ISP Rivertide Suites in Seaside #Oregon uses. But 53ms ping best I can get and a D/L test won't complete.. #terrible
7	@Rovers what highlights ? I would imagine you will only have 30 seconds of highlights for the whole season so far #shocking. #venkysout
7	@Rovers what highlights ? I would imagine you will only have 30 seconds of highlights for the whole season so far . #venkysout
7	happiness is... not having to set the alarm clock for the next day
7	#Afghanistan Vice President Sarwar Danish slams #Pakistan for breeding #terrorism during UNGA address\n@UN #USA
7	@eliroth ya know I love ya man, but #TheGreenInferno really fucked with my head....(giggle)..do it again.#epic #horror #ineedtherapy
7	I'm ready for October. Cooler weather and more #horror flicks on TV.
7	@CGasparino Give it up Gas, I don't hate u, I just don't respect ur rudeness. #bully
7	@CGasparino Give it up Gas, I don't hate u, I just don't respect ur rudeness.
7	@joshgad My three year old asked me if Trump was a bad man, like a bully. After saying yes he's a bully, my son said mute him. We did!
7	@priorJoan @MizQue \nActually pretty typical of trump supporters\nThis kid learned birtherism in school\nThat's horrific
7	We Are Source!!\n\n #mindset #philosophy #thoughtsbecomethings #news #lifehacks  #you #LIFE #PleaseRT #ProblemSolving
7	am actual stranded at ma dad's maself n the fuckin fire alarm went off n a dunno if it's just for his gaff or the whole building :)
7	Most snapchat filters look terrible when you have glasses on
7	All I ever wanted was a chance. I'm so psyched to start this new chapter! #newbeginnings #timetoprovemyself #morethanready
7	@caseycdutch @m_rath that's what some rioters are doing #terrorism
7	@caseycdutch @m_rath that's what some rioters are doing
7	@cresbots dw I think cheeks are the most attractive thing in guys too it's terrible tbh
7	Getting ready to open the tastings at Whisky Shop Dufftown Autumn festival! #panic #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams
7	Getting ready to open the tastings at Whisky Shop Dufftown Autumn festival!  #murraymcdavid #whisky #drams
7	@ScmCIafIin 'Don't you know how nervous I was to see you?'
7	@SeanLTheWriter Agree 100%... B. Marshall another concern... would much rather he rested this game...
7	@ClaretNBlues forest gate u could see he was a bully cunt big bald cunt his mates looked in shock when I hit him and didn't do shit when he
7	@dburka I'm not sure what's worse: that, or the use of Comic Sans on a website (or anywhere else)  #shudder #comicsans
7	@dburka I'm not sure what's worse: that, or the use of Comic Sans on a website (or anywhere else)  #comicsans
7	@EmilySmissaert @navinrmal it's a shocking revelation!!!!
7	@BenjySarlin @MargieOmero @MonmouthPoll not to worry, he'll flip Wisconsin
7	@TheJonFedor @abdophoto My main hesitation to going to the Plus size. But if Apple can get the Plus to the 6 size, think of the ASP jump
7	Shriekfest is lining up VOLUNTEERS! Oct 6-9, only serious inquiries please!  shriekfest@aol.com  see free films!
7	@PridefulSamurai horrible things
7	🙃 back to school aka back to social anxiety 🙃
7	@gmbremer is his shoulder a legit concern? 'Expects to play' isn't reassuring 2 games into the season after having shoulder problems.
7	@ryleycathryn @Mack_Shepp did you discover the alarming rate at which bees are dying and how important they are to our way of life?
7	haww I think Nawaz should have spoken about Indian funding to BLA in Balochistan, Kulbhoshan Yadhav and how India used TTP for terror!
7	@sethwieck you should do a TED Talk on 'bubledygook'! I'm sure you could convince the masses to distrust those decrying TED Talks!
7	US lady in foyer - 'Am I not #afraid to be tweeting in #Moscow?' Fortified by d good #Lord &amp; #JD I reply 'I fear no Russian. 'cept my #wife😅
7	@makemytripcare but what I am doing is in my control, #AvoidMMT , you guys are #terrible
7	@makemytripcare but what I am doing is in my control, #AvoidMMT , you guys are
7	me: loves being the center of attention in every way\nalso me: gets nervous to talk in front of class
7	Body is sleepy but the mind is active. So sad... Have to get ready for work in 30 minutes. Damn! #restless
7	Body is sleepy but the mind is active. So sad... Have to get ready for work in 30 minutes. Damn!
7	@MLB @JoeyBats19 Sam Dyson is probably having flashbacks right about now. #nightmare
7	@MLB @JoeyBats19 Sam Dyson is probably having flashbacks right about now.
7	It's a Moving Day! #stress #panic #hope
7	It's a Moving Day! #stress  #hope
7	@JordanChariton If that doesn't out Dem's in panic mode then I don't know what will...
7	Go away please ... I'm begging »»» #depression #anxiety #worry #fear #sadness \nDreams of joy and my baby to be found...Sits on #AndisBench
7	@warrensarahh @CjKiid awe, miss y'all too!:)
7	@Mista_Nightmare i dont understand why u do videos every week spend time with your family instead of working on horror #takeabreak
7	It's pretty clear I can't stand @HillaryClinton, no tolerance for habitual liars. Not a Trump fan either so what's a citizen to do?
7	It's pretty clear I can't stand @HillaryClinton, no tolerance for habitual liars. Not a Trump fan either so what's a citizen to do? #despair
7	@BBTooms This is perfect example of why what paul said about her, was right.  One of the most ignorant competitors ive seen. #bully #c$%t
7	@OddNMacabre One day I'm drinking a bottle of nyquil, the other I'm sleeping zero. My lovely #horror fam, which should i watch? 🎩
7	Wine drunk is the worst version of myself ffs, don't even remember seeing basshunter #shocking
7	Wine drunk is the worst version of myself ffs, don't even remember seeing basshunter
7	Omg I actually thought she was going to jump. #bully #SouthPark20 #southpark
7	Omg I actually thought she was going to jump.  #SouthPark20 #southpark
7	@ETimsNet I wanted him dropped a while ago. Its a concern for us no doubt
7	T minus 10 hours till I meet with a designer who wants me to model his new fashion line 😬😶 #nervous!!!
7	T minus 10 hours till I meet with a designer who wants me to model his new fashion line 😬😶 !!!
7	Val having a nervous breakdown #floss #GBBO
7	@lilpeachbbyy dude dead ass she said if she came she'd start shit with Amy &amp; literally Amy didn't do anything but cal her out on her BS
7	I need to learn to be in one place at one time and try not to worry about everything all at once
7	@Roger_Dagenham Aye. There's a brief window in both morning and afternoon otherwise just horrific until late evening.
7	Never fear the want of business. A man who qualifies himself well for his calling, never fails of employment.
7	Mary Berry and her reign of terror
7	*in the car with mariah, the bass is literally shaking the windows, hard rap blasting, no one is talking, looking straight ahead*
7	He accusd India of HR violations in Kashmir BUT refusd to name India's role in fomenting terror in Pakistan through TTP, BLA &amp; MQM.shame #ZH
7	@HillaryClinton Americans for HRC! Now maybe, as you see the world getting rid of terror to save their countries you'll get the  DEMS out.
7	If a cop is going to pull a gun on you for no reason at all and threaten you, you should be able to merk his ass and walk away.
7	@ShannonBeador we know the truth about her, the public is figuring it out. Her words mean nothing. #unhappy #mean #troubled #vile
7	I forgot #BB18 was on tonight 😳 that is how much the real world has been distracting me #horrid 🙅🏼🙈🙊
7	@Ganypede I notice that nice people believe in a nice god and horrid people believe in a horrid god who happens to hate everybody they hate.
7	Michael Carrick should start every game for United and England
7	@WelshGasDoc @PlaidCymru supporter @reesmarshall239 #prejudice against #disabled people #disabledlivesmatter #bully #bbcnews #skynews
7	@WelshGasDoc @PlaidCymru supporter @reesmarshall239 #prejudice against #disabled people #disabledlivesmatter  #bbcnews #skynews
7	@amychozick @jswatz Not a word about terrorism.
7	i had a panic attack the other night because i thought my mum was out but she was actually downstairs and she started bashing around hrjdjd
7	@TheOneSoleShoe You're doing a terrible job exemplifying the values you espouse. Yesterday you lamented losing a generation of voters...
7	Arguing with these people doesn't work anyway, they just threaten to put you in death camps.
7	@wrexham I've joined holidog, paw shake and tailster and have one regular customer I just love it 🙈🙈haha @EmilyHD26 @ellshd
7	Will you #dedicate today to #love or #fear ? It is your #choice in each #moment . - Archangel Michael. #archangel #michael
7	Machine keeps beeping* \nNurse: Don't worry. You're all good. Vitals are normal for your size. \n*Walks back out* \nMatt: so you're dying....😑😂
7	Has anyone else had a bad experience with Poundstretcher? #nightmare firm
7	Embarrassing lack of defensive depth coming back to haunt us.
7	@Owlman2011 @charitypricey @jon_newsome @PRAWNSANDOWl @smith_alister @MikeConnelly9 average 22000 for the massif... #shocking
7	@Owlman2011 @charitypricey @jon_newsome @PRAWNSANDOWl @smith_alister @MikeConnelly9 average 22000 for the massif...
7	When @idinamenzel says she's releasing more #IdinaParty tickets and you set an alarm to not miss it... #fingerscrossed #Idina.
7	As #life gets longer, #awful feels #softer, well it #feels pretty soft to me. #modestmouse @modestmouseband
7	@AzyraiZelo I am shy xD
7	Wow what a thought!  #JudgeLynnToler 'I can't have the specter of this morning's problem haunt my afternoon.' Well written! That 1 sentence
7	@BouchetPetersen @libe @dom_albertini @DavidDoucet Imposuture intellectuelle ! #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéAutoritaire #intimidation
7	@BouchetPetersen @libe @dom_albertini @DavidDoucet Imposuture intellectuelle ! #préjugés #intolérance #personnalitéAutoritaire
7	@wholegrainne Sweden win + Finland win, or NA win + Finland win, NA win + Russia win + timebreakers shake down right
7	Radio shake mutli directional mike it might sound cheap but the sound wasn't that bad and you could do some mixing.
7	.@monsoonuk Ordered before 10pm last night, paid for next day. Didn't bother to fufill order. Now 14 working days for a refund! #shocking
7	.@monsoonuk Ordered before 10pm last night, paid for next day. Didn't bother to fufill order. Now 14 working days for a refund!
7	Gosh #anxiety attacks turning into #Panic attacks are fucking ugly ....
7	i am SO anxious all the time leaving the house is horrid
7	I always dread Wednesday's and the always end up making me the happiest
7	I have serious separation anxiety 😭😭💔
7	On my life I'll never understand why anyone would pay money to see @LifeOfDesiigner #terrible
7	On my life I'll never understand why anyone would pay money to see @LifeOfDesiigner
7	#Peiyophobilia :) An advice from @anirudhofficial don't fear for #Devil! Sure shot✌ @iam_str voice more energetic.Xtremly foot tapping one 👌
7	@MoonPendent13 One of my friends has a fear of mirrors because he tried to summon Bloody Mary, and he thinks she's going to pop up any time!
7	I'm not afraid to love, I'm afraid of not being loved back.
7	@ThomasHCrown @laurakfillault As a historic evangelical, I wonder if the Donatists had a point? What dreadful clergy in my fmr. circles.
7	tomorrow will be the last episode of despair arc, so much shit is gonna happen i'm not emotionally prepared...
7	@loismackey_ @Dory nah way that's horrible
7	I need to think of a new Avatar for Fire Emblem Revelation as I might start playing it soon, any ideas for names? What gender do I choose
7	I am going to make it my life's mission to discourage anyone from using @CapitalOne. They will rob you blind
7	I have a fear of failure but no urge to be productive
7	@HoustonTexans just trying to go home tonight? A run on 2nd and 20 and a run on 3rd and 20? That's what champs do...#sike #losers #terrible
7	Another day Another flight 🙈  I swear my last ever @easyjet flight!!!! You take the LOVE out of flying #easyjet #horrific #alwaysdelayed
7	Another day Another flight 🙈  I swear my last ever @easyjet flight!!!! You take the LOVE out of flying #easyjet  #alwaysdelayed
7	Some of these fb comments and/or tweets should make some people realize why black Americans feel the way they do 😳
7	Some of these fb comments and/or tweets should make some people realize why black Americans feel the way they do 😳 #terrible
7	Goodmorning fam, do you know that your critical condition pave way for your miracle, so #dont #worry #be #happy
7	Goodmorning fam, do you know that your critical condition pave way for your miracle, so #dont  #be #happy
7	#2 complained then while his head and then called do not despair of God's mercy if you did sins go back to him and ask his forgiveness
7	@cazzrhughes its reflective of the current political debate #awful
7	@cazzrhughes its reflective of the current political debate
7	And they cover these police shootings fairly well they dont want to miss a chance to bully you
7	@JoyOfBearding The Haunting is my favorite horror movie too! Actually one of my favorite movies of all time no matter the genre.
7	@MannersAboveAll *laughs louder this time, shaking my head* That was really cheesy, wasn't it?
7	.@morningmika &amp; her @HillaryClinton Super PAC @Morning_Joe @MSNBC in full #panic mode over @realDonaldTrump #momentum!\n\n#TrumpPence16 #MAGA
7	Hey @gmail why can I only see 15 sent emails? Where's the thousands gone?  #panic
7	Hey @gmail why can I only see 15 sent emails? Where's the thousands gone?
7	Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain #anxiety #depression #pain
7	Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain  #depression #pain
7	That defending was awful from us!
7	@SurfaceSupport A profoundly disappointing experience. I have 2 pay almost $500 2 remedy a defect n the product @Microsoft sold me
7	@SurfaceSupport A profoundly disappointing experience. I have 2 pay almost $500 2 remedy a defect n the product @Microsoft sold me #terrible
7	♪OLD FISH  #discourage
7	♪OLD FISH
7	@JonRiley7 #VoteYourConscience or succumb to #fear? 'He is #scary, he is #dangerous!' -@HillaryClinton's #alarmist #PATRIOTACT platform.
7	Huge congrats to my friends at @VoidMovie on the #USAPREMIERE tomorrow! #film #horror #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit
7	Huge congrats to my friends at @VoidMovie on the #USAPREMIERE tomorrow! #film  #thevoid #featurefilm #scaryshit
7	The time has now come that we have to combat this wave of #terrorism with the right tools of the trade. - HH @YounusAlGohar #BanWahhabism
7	#amwriting #horror in the dark and a loud creaking door noise is coming from the kitchen. There are no doors there to creak. WTF.
7	I really wanna take advantage of UofW's gym but i'm shy af.
7	Q&amp;A with N. Christie @westernuHistory: fr. @marybethstart: What would Peter and Dardanella think of us knowing? #poorthings #shy
7	Q&amp;A with N. Christie @westernuHistory: fr. @marybethstart: What would Peter and Dardanella think of us knowing? #poorthings
7	Proud of you for overcoming your fear of deep water @ShawnMendes
7	tesco. why OH why cant my Visa electron be accepted on line , I am 55 , NOT 15 ?? #shocking
7	tesco. why OH why cant my Visa electron be accepted on line , I am 55 , NOT 15 ??
7	Remember your journey is unique! Don't get discouraged because you're comparing your journey to someone else's. You will get there!
7	I'm so confused by the new American horror story 😩
7	@Jpennifan OH sorry for your divorce but don't worry I will be a good wife then (no reference)
7	@indiamarshall_ that's great! It's not easy!\n&amp; it's amazing when nervousness turns into adrenaline 😂\nHad you had concerts as soloist before?
7	I think I may have a mild anxiety problem. I think that's what this feeling may be..
7	@SenatorReid @HillaryClinton @DanEggenWPost @realDonaldTrump Even the painting is orange!  #Election2016
7	@SenatorReid @HillaryClinton @DanEggenWPost @realDonaldTrump Even the painting is orange!  #terrible #Election2016
7	I never let anything below me concern me.
7	@Koishiteruze she was scare not knowing what to do
7	@TheFienPrint So true &amp; well said. It seems ve old fashioned looking back on it. I liked Robbie on TV. Not loving all these movies #aghast!
7	@TheFienPrint So true &amp; well said. It seems ve old fashioned looking back on it. I liked Robbie on TV. Not loving all these movies !
7	@The_East_End And the air raid alarm was actually false.  There was no attack inbound at the time.
7	I'm in awe
7	The horrible puns for the day have been made. I shall return to my cage in a dark corner by myself while crying &amp; laughing hysterical now.
7	So much #terrible #music playing on the #radio has started to make me wonder weather my taste in music is good or just completely shit
7	@OpheliaMCFLY_GD yes!! Once I'm done with people I'm really done.... lying to me is the worse thing someone can do I'm a nightmare 😂
7	That was a fast response madrid.....Zidane threaten unuh
7	@joeyskawaii i know i don't know u, but physiatrists are seriously the number one best thing for people with anxiety.
7	So I just opened This message Brooke sent me got me I am weak as the fuck 😩 she is a fucking bully for no reason 😂😂😂😂😭💀
7	Let's refuse to live in #fear - #sotoventures
7	If her legs aren't shaking, you're not doing it right.
7	If children live with #ridicule, they learn to feel
7	If children live with #ridicule, they learn to feel #shy
7	i have so much hair it's a nightmare but it's also very soft so it guess it's a win-lose situation
7	@breadf2man @SunApology and it's Kelvin Mackenzie tomorrow... #shudder DontBuyTheSun
7	@keyshamackie it's fucking dreadful for live footy matches
7	I am a third year college student and and English major. Today is the first time I've ever written an essay without having a panic attack
7	If you follow #Trump, a certified #bully there is no question you or your children may go to #War vs consumate #Diplomat @HillaryClinton
7	@AnthonyEinzig I'm so sorry. This is heartbreaking and so scary. If it can happen there it can happen anywhere. Please be safe 🙏🏻
7	@AnthonyEinzig I'm so sorry. This is heartbreaking and so scary. If it can happen there it can happen anywhere. Please be safe 🙏🏻 #terror
7	#WTF @NYSCHereToHelp @NYSC allows #gym  #atmosphere! #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional
7	@AskLloydsBank #worst exec complaints ever #horrific customer journey
7	I'm not afraid of clowns but I'm really hoping they don't make an appearance around my hometown.
7	Somewhere I rd a rpt tht Pakis wr afraid of TSD &amp; asked it 2 shut dn. Congis obliged &amp; exposed it,hounded them.time to revive. #BadlaofUri
7	Tho we haven't talked Jeff but the news is so sad and shocking. R.I.P Jeffrey
7	Tremor!!!\n
7	Tremor!!!\n #tremor
7	@carlymarierozy @makeupsue it's sad but now we are making our own children vulnerable to the same terror.
7	Welp, I'm off to get my #anxiety meds now. #Empire
7	I just want to be in Canada rn 😭 awe
7	😩😩😩😩 heads melted, very tired but can't sleep. #nightmare
7	😩😩😩😩 heads melted, very tired but can't sleep.
7	#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside. #depression  #anxietyprobz
7	#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside. #depression #anxiety #anxietyprobz
7	I'm literally never home and my parents threaten to charge rent if I don't start cleaning the house everyday. OK.
7	@todofuku dreadful day at work n now im gonna be late for class n im covered in paint, n now i have to work a night shift too :/
7	So looks like @united would rather lose all my business, than let me apply my credits towards my change fee, due to terrorism
7	UPLIFT: If you're still discouraged it means you're listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source. Look to the LORD!
7	@yellowsuburbia really?? after so long that's shocking tbh
7	#NawazSharif says India poses unacceptable conditions to dialogue.#India's only condition is an end to #terrorism. :@MEAIndia
7	Mary Berry - what's the icing on top of your Bakewell tart? It looks like horrid Mr Kipling, not something Derbyshire would recognise #GBBO
7	okay false alarm it's working again
7	@iTriborg — make him feel vigorous. 'Fine. You can kill me now.' Said Hestia with a display of only despair rather than her joyful —
7	Beginning the process to see if working is an option. #mentalhealth #complexptsd #nervous
7	Beginning the process to see if working is an option. #mentalhealth #complexptsd
7	@n_harrill awe! Thank you! 😊😊
7	They want as police state, they are fearful imbeciles..@interpretingall @mikefar1974 @MetalMilitia74 @Cmvazquez103
7	@ZachZaidman  shocking
7	@GeordieTommy_ @Xbox High school or not, it's still shocking. Just because you love Xbox. Good luck tomorrow! 💪
7	Goodbye everyone, tremendous #LTHEchat tonight
7	@ManUtd carrick and Herrera proved their worth last night. What more does Rooney need to do to get dropped #awful. Rashford needs to start
7	With only 7 months left until I possess my undergraduate degree, I feel like I can't handle adulthood anymore #anxiety #nojobsinbiology
7	With only 7 months left until I possess my undergraduate degree, I feel like I can't handle adulthood anymore  #nojobsinbiology
7	You know you exercised good when your limbs are shaking afterwards 😂
7	Ask yourself every day: \nam I ruled by fear and hatred \nor am I ruled by love and the sacred?
7	This brother know we know that his life was not in danger. This gun law got people in this country fearing for their life. White people.
7	😭 a #nightmare just woke me up 😭
7	Just over a week until I start my new job in F1! Looking forward to it and cacking myself at the same time! #nervous
7	Just over a week until I start my new job in F1! Looking forward to it and cacking myself at the same time!
7	I'm mad at the injustice, so I'm going to smash my neighbours windows'.  Makes perfect sense. #CharlotteProtest
7	I'm mad at the injustice, so I'm going to smash my neighbours windows'.  Makes perfect sense.  #CharlotteProtest #terrible
7	@_Adam_Price @WalesPolitics  Am afraid you're at back of BBC queue, editorially trumped by Ron Davies and bicycle paths
7	Being shy is the biggest struggle of my life. 🙄
7	@tcarrels  \nSo when exactly did you lose your mind, pal? \n #Trump #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist  #conartist
7	@tcarrels  \nSo when exactly did you lose your mind, pal? \n#Trump #fraud #misogynist #liar #psychopath #narcissist #revolting #conartist
7	Newly engaged Stevie Wonder has been trying to disguise #the #awful smell from his throat: with a leather jacket made from a broken Wii.
7	But this is the internet age, so get mad out of any and all proportion and assume the terrible worst with little to no facts or knowledge.
7	there are magpies gathering around me help I'm going to be swooped ! #terrorism
7	there are magpies gathering around me help I'm going to be swooped !
7	He's intimidated by my work ethic I think he knows I want his spot 🤔😉😂😂
7	I've said it before and I'll say it again: It's God! All God! Only God! #awe #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace
7	I've said it before and I'll say it again: It's God! All God! Only God!  #archippusawakening #entirelybyhisgrace
7	@susanbrodigan @lyricconcert Ha yes- the look of despair!
7	@ATTCares this really sucks how much your customer service sucks. I've been hung up on three times and this is absolutely horrible.
7	@_JuliaSteiner : YES ! Right ? I mean I wish you hadn't been discouraged to see #MikeandMolly because so many parallels really -
7	What did y'all do to your app @NFLfantasy   It's horrible.  #horrible.  Worst except once ever
7	Df not be afraid to take a chance on peace, to teach peace, to live peace.Peace will be the last wordvof history Pope John Paul II
7	Worry makes you look at the problem and God makes you look at the promise. #problem #promise #worry #fear #faith #God #theanswer #spiritu...
7	@SEPTA 45 minutes late &amp; counting! #horrible CTT Service sucks!
7	I had really strange and awful dreams last night. I'd didn't even eat cheese before bed #nightmare #lovemysleep
7	I had really strange and awful dreams last night. I'd didn't even eat cheese before bed  #lovemysleep
7	@darcomafloy OMG IM CRYING HAHAHAHA ikaw talaga tagagising ko HAHA shet i set my alarm BUT I FORGOT TO TURN IT ON but im awake now so--
7	im so tired but i still have thisbhuge history test in a few minutes i cant afford to get freaked out now oh god if i have an anxiety attack
7	@swarbleflop @LightskinJesuSP they're both pretty awful when you look at them historically
7	The #movie Vantage Point makes my palms sweat EVERY time I watch it!!! #nervous 😥😥
7	but throughout that entire thing I was shaking rlly bad and my heart was racing and I was almost in tears lmao (thanks mr.*****)
7	@chloemcaleese what a nightmare!
7	Was actually just watching AHS while half covering my eyes #scared #Roanoke  #AHSRoanoke
7	Was actually just watching AHS while half covering my eyes #scared #Roanoke #nightmare #AHSRoanoke
7	@TheSidEudy PS: I still think your broken leg against Scott Steiner was one of the most horrific injuries I've ever seen in the ring #ccot
7	The anxiety I have right now😭😭😭
7	@ceIestialfoxx I don't even remember that part 😅 the movie wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very scary and I expected a better ending 🙄
7	I don't get how people can leave their phone on don't disturb all day...does your mom not threaten you when you don't respond within seconds
7	Side chick's be trying to fuck u like your going to forget about your wife when your done. #terrible
7	Side chick's be trying to fuck u like your going to forget about your wife when your done.
7	If I'm working and I know you're working., keep in touch with other woman cuz you make me nervous... #OffTop
7	I don't know what's worse, the new Pizza Hut commercials or the pizza that Pizza Hut makes. #horrible
7	I don't know what's worse, the new Pizza Hut commercials or the pizza that Pizza Hut makes.
7	Left my phone in Mcds #panic
7	Left my phone in Mcds
7	The cure for anxiety is an intimate relationship with Christ. - 1 John 4:18 #anxiety
7	The cure for anxiety is an intimate relationship with Christ. - 1 John 4:18
7	@HartRamsey #UPLIFT If you're still discouraged it means UR Listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source. Look to the LORD!
7	Being alone is better than being lonely. Know what is worse than being lonely? Being empty; that's right!\n#Loneliness #aloneinthecity #fear
7	Trust me to lose my wallet and have to call Lifeguard &amp; Swimmers social early as VC @YSJFC #nightmare
7	Trust me to lose my wallet and have to call Lifeguard &amp; Swimmers social early as VC @YSJFC
7	@mcrichard awe that's adorable
7	Last night I had a dream that today was Christmas. I woke up screaming because I wasn't ready. #nightmare
7	Last night I had a dream that today was Christmas. I woke up screaming because I wasn't ready.
7	Does anyone know, are both Sims in a dual sim phone both locked to the same network! #worry
7	Does anyone know, are both Sims in a dual sim phone both locked to the same network!
7	Greatest sign of trust is me giving you my laptop or phone without hesitation
7	@C1TYofFL1NT This will haunt my dreams. @JoePrich
7	I'm a walking ball of stress and anxiety lol
7	Happy Birthday to my favorite author, @StephenKing #horror #writer #author
7	Happy Birthday to my favorite author, @StephenKing  #writer #author
7	@billmaher @realDonaldTrump was right and you two have very similar stances against #radical #islamic #terror. Time to anoint the Orange one
7	@salutetroye you look adorable awe
7	@simonschuster @StephenKing @BuzzFeed And don't forget a fear of St. Bernards. #Cujo
7	Why doesn't anybody I know watch penny dreadful? ☹️️
7	@Patsy1207 @markheardusa @theinquisitr Do your fuc*ing job and report the news.Just another bully to go in the basket.Freedom or fear???
7	@andreasarahco do you actually heely on campus bc this should scare you
7	Don't let worry get you down.  Remember that Moses started out as a basket case.  #lol \nToday, choose #faith over  #Moses
7	Don't let worry get you down.  Remember that Moses started out as a basket case.  #lol \nToday, choose #faith over #fear #Moses
7	#Debates2016 #AskTrumponeQuestion why do you #bully and # insult #people so much more than any other candidate in history? Not leadership
7	#terrorstatepak #pakistan is a #terror state
7	@JonnyOwenFilm @ringsiderobbie1 can you remember that train Sunday after Froch v Kessler ? #nightmare
7	@JonnyOwenFilm @ringsiderobbie1 can you remember that train Sunday after Froch v Kessler ?
7	@crowder_rachel @LillieGregg she's famous now, begged a living of some mugs fame! Work shy freeloader. Deserves it all
7	🙄 I just want to start all over again .
7	@JaredWyand @ilovetailgating the beak on that woman is almost as shocking as the low IQ of her followers.
7	@SkeletonsLock 'Pleased to meet you. You obviously know me,' offers her hand to shake.
7	terror attacks in usa pay no mind lol
7	“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.'
7	@EricNobody @ArmouredSkeptic @YouTube This shit is gonna start a cold war of who can flag who first.
7	If you #invest in my new #film I will stop asking you to invest in my new film. #concessions #crime #despair #shortsightedness #celebrities
7	If you #invest in my new #film I will stop asking you to invest in my new film. #concessions #crime  #shortsightedness #celebrities
7	Being bad at time management is finally starting to come back to haunt me.
7	Who's not going to hoco and wants to go to fright fest this Saturday??
7	Even after @O2 ref the £5k fraud, they still treat me like dirt. No returned calls or apology #shocking #customerservice @mse @resolvercouk
7	The whole idea f a nation revolves around Kashmir &amp; global terrorism: evrn don't care their kids dying of hunger. #NawazFightsForKashmir
7	You can make excuses or you can make time. You can't make both. #time #regret #anxiety #LifeCoach
7	You can make excuses or you can make time. You can't make both. #time #regret  #LifeCoach
7	Ffs 🙈 when things come back to haunt you... cringe bad cringe 🙋🏼👀🔫 👈 what a terrible gun that is
7	@theurbanologist the tunnels! I shudder to think of the grimy tweets...
7	@MSNBC @fox @cnn @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton. Using fear to state his views. Not getting the facts before making a serious statement???
7	@noveliciouss OMG, that's such a beautiful quote. #breathless #amwriting
7	@noveliciouss OMG, that's such a beautiful quote.  #amwriting
7	@curlygirlmimi guess is cause you small and girly. I dunno how this works.. I did frighten though.. She's. A big'un
7	#soywax limited edition horror candles going up @scentedscreams! Follow us for all the latest news!!
7	#soywax limited edition horror candles going up @scentedscreams! Follow us for all the latest news!! #horror
7	@sreeniv51294598 hahaha dear d not worry discuss
7	@value4tax @Hopkins_Alison That part of Queensbury is a shocking disgrace. The route from the station to Morrisons is festooned with rubbish
7	Idk why but this Time around its so hard that it hurts, I already miss them all so much #silly #family #friends #nervous
7	Idk why but this Time around its so hard that it hurts, I already miss them all so much #silly #family #friends
7	@YahooFantasy update may have been the worst mistake of my day #horrible
7	@YahooFantasy update may have been the worst mistake of my day
7	My best friend gets married in three days, I have replaced all my anxiety with an eeiry calm and cat cuddles.
7	My favorite insult I get is from straight white men and it's usually 'tall/fat lesbian' 😂 You intimidated bro?
7	And im not even going to get into how its discriminatory to several religions which mandate its followers to let their hair dread.
7	@CharlieEblacker hate being shy 😩
7	Right i may be an #sufc fan and the football maybe shit but marcos rojo for #mufc has had a shocking start he's just dreadful
7	Somewhere between  #hope and #despair the day after #meetingmyabuserincourt \n#DVSurvivor
7	@kcbbcxo don't get discouraged! it's early on &amp; it can get overwhelming. keep reading &amp; use cue cards 😊 it'll get better!!
7	10 page script due Friday for class. Who said I could do this MFA thing? #panic #GradSchoolProblems #someonetelltinafeytohireme
7	10 page script due Friday for class. Who said I could do this MFA thing?  #GradSchoolProblems #someonetelltinafeytohireme
7	@SkySportsRL i would just get some decent referees #shocking
7	@SkySportsRL i would just get some decent referees
7	I'm so nervous 😭
7	I'm so nervous
7	I'm so restless
7	@S_Moore24 wow that sounds terrific
7	@debscov65 local solutions fine but not 864 providers negotiating with 32 LA's/IJB 's #scare resources
7	@JustinTrudeau opened doors to terrorism and he will pay for it. @CP24 @globalnewsto
7	@ikhras @benglaze Amal Clooney should try to prosecute  #Bush/ #Blair for #war crimes that turned our World upside down&amp;created #terrorism
7	@ikhras @benglaze Amal Clooney should try to prosecute  #Bush/ #Blair for #war crimes that turned our World upside down&amp;created
7	hi berniebrocialists of all genders: if I lived in a swingish state I would w/o hesitation vote Clinton &amp; would do so w/o 'supporting' her
7	@UNHumanRights @UNDP_Pakistan wat an irony? #Pakistan lecturing the world on curbing #terrorism
7	@UNHumanRights @UNDP_Pakistan wat an irony? #Pakistan lecturing the world on curbing
7	Everybody's worried about stopping #terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way: stop participating in it. -  Noam Chomsky
7	I seriously hope these chances Celtic are missing are going to come back to haunt them with an Alloa sucker punch
7	@Simon_Barrett I will watch @BlairWitchMovie when it opens in Mexico in a week. Thank you for making it and don't be discouraged.
7	@TheBadgerBoy check out the article on @SaintSkipper5 on @dailyecho #shocking
7	@TheBadgerBoy check out the article on @SaintSkipper5 on @dailyecho
7	@FoxNews Yeah we're also experiencing terrorist attacks by Islam and #BlackLivesMatter at an alarming rate.
7	one ep of despair arc made me happy but and then i'm going back to future arc and i'm upset again.
7	Fingers crossed I can finish all my work early enough this Friday in time to catch @Raury at LIB 😦 #nervous #timetogrind
7	Fingers crossed I can finish all my work early enough this Friday in time to catch @Raury at LIB 😦  #timetogrind
7	@danmericaCNN @aefadul22 HRC has the experience, temperment, knowledge &amp; ability to lead us in this perilous time
7	Buying an early entry tickets at @EGX means fuck all, expect a complaint email when I get home #shocking service
7	@rockandpop pomte A Muse com panic Station Exitaso
7	@CNN bully
7	Just Laying Here, Can't Sleep 4 Some Reason
7	Just Laying Here, Can't Sleep 4 Some Reason #restless
7	#internationaldayofpeace : When white supremacists terrorize everyone of differing cultures online and will continue it offline tomorrow.
7	Awe produces gratitude, gratitude instills joy, &amp; the harvest of joy is contentment.' \n\n–@PaulTripp #awe 😭😭😭
7	I'm so over having anxiety
7	&amp; I'll actually shoot somebody if I have to not just draw down or expose it to somebody to scare them 😮#Charles
7	Democracy doesn't work\n #mob #mentality #mass #hysteria  #mongering #oligarchy
7	—but he just can't. He feels tired but also restless. So here he now, scrolling his own music player, playing some music through his—
7	@Beetrootrabbit it was, work was an awful reality on the Tuesday @verilyberrily @emmmmerla, thanks so much for coming! xx
7	@_miasienna ITS ALREADY FUCKING 1 ... Ok well I love having panic attacks in the afternoon
7	I know this is going to be one of those nights where it takes an Act of God to fall asleep.  #restless
7	@samsteinhp stop the presses, @realDonaldTrump said/proposed something racist. #shocking
7	@samsteinhp stop the presses, @realDonaldTrump said/proposed something racist.
7	Rooneys fucking untouchable isn't he? Been fucking dreadful again, depay has looked decent(ish)tonight
7	@icuminhoesasses Think about it if he need white peoples votes wouldn't just reach out about things that only concern them &amp; leave out rest?
7	@jamieyates That's what we strive for, Jamie! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions along the way. 🙂
7	The Pats are awesome. Belichick is awesome ...they just are.
7	The Pats are awesome. Belichick is awesome ...they just are. #awestruck
7	Rojo is just terrible, how is he in our team 😂😂
7	@christyfrink @stephenyeargin @El_Brandino I once hooked them up backward. Not recommended. #smoke #panic
7	@christyfrink @stephenyeargin @El_Brandino I once hooked them up backward. Not recommended. #smoke
7	@LeafyIsHere will showing off biceps scare you?
7	I feel really nervous, or anxious. Idk. My leg keeps shaking. Hmm
7	No but that's so cute. Atsu was probably shy about photos before but cherry helped her out uwu
7	@torreBe Te gusta American horror story y The walking dead?
7	Don't think I'll ever get used to this 6:30 alarm 😩💤
7	@GOtvNg CN seems like you only appreciate good reviews. No apologies to my concern years ago.
7	Yellow Submarine is under tremendous pressure from Los Blancos. #WaveAfterWave #RMAVIL
7	My roommate: it's okay that we can't spell because we have autocorrect. #terrible #firstworldprobs
7	My roommate: it's okay that we can't spell because we have autocorrect.  #firstworldprobs
7	@scotydoesntkn0 start buying Death Wish Coffee and shake hands with espresso every now and then.
7	@DDNewsHindi  #UNGA no talks should be carried out with Pakistan now ... His mouth stinks of #terrorism #UriAttack
7	@DDNewsHindi  #UNGA no talks should be carried out with Pakistan now ... His mouth stinks of  #UriAttack
7	Last @LGCanada product I buy - I promise! Absolutely #terrible #CustomerService
7	Last @LGCanada product I buy - I promise! Absolutely  #CustomerService
7	SO many great pics from the show in Tokyo😍 I like all his outfits now except the lace one w those horrible pants....💁
7	Angel got me nervous out here 😷
7	When your friends want to go out drinking but you know you gonna have to say no because social #anxiety runs your life
7	@_Hallospaceboy_ @DailyGrindhouse  I respect when someone can give a second chance to a movie they aren't a fan of. Why #horror is diverse.
7	I wish harry would start tweeting people again
7	Onus is on #Pak to act against #terror groups which find safe havens and all types of support for cross border terror: #MEA
7	@DunsScottus @FaithNGuns @buggazing @Patriot_Musket Yep, Owen Garriott told me it was ghastly. None of his peeps ever had it :)
7	“It is not #death, that most people are #afraid of. It is getting to the end of #life only to realize that you never truly #lived.”
7	@Sami749263491 yeah whatever, whahibbi are #muslims just a sect, as you know,  #islam is synonymous with #rape and
7	@Sami749263491 yeah whatever, whahibbi are #muslims just a sect, as you know,  #islam is synonymous with #rape and #terrorism
7	@skyfootball manchester united...still untrusted iam afraid i might loose my bet
7	@ccgdavidson I remember being awestruck looking around thinking, 'You could fit the entire population of our town in here ten times over.'
7	Any #entrenepuers, #start ups, #SME's out there looking for proactive #accountancy, #tax and #business advice? We can help. Get in touch.
7	@westelm tells me my order will ship on Sept 12, arriving by Sept 19. Today is the 22. 😐 #lies #terrible #whereismyfurniture
7	@westelm tells me my order will ship on Sept 12, arriving by Sept 19. Today is the 22. 😐 #lies  #whereismyfurniture
7	Why does having anxiety drain some much of your energy #anxiety #sotired #needtosleepforhours
7	Why does having anxiety drain some much of your energy  #sotired #needtosleepforhours
7	i hope this comes back to haunt you, then maybe you would know just how it felt to be like me at my lowest
7	Insomniacs can't get sleep cuz they are too guilty about all the horrible shit they do. I'm a complete sociopath n sleep like a baby.
7	BibleMotivate: Are you worrying/worried?\n1Peter 5:7\nThrow all your worry on him, because he cares for you.#faith #leadership #worry #mindfu…
7	Just got done watching Jeepers Creepers it was epic #horror #horrormoviesarebest #movies #movie #horrorfilm 🎬📽🎬
7	@tweetingacct @amandacarpenter @TeamTrump the 'pledge' would have never have to be made if petulant child POStrump didn't threaten to run
7	today afghanistan tell us where the terrorism is planned whaaaooo#UNGA
7	World wants #peace from #terrorism #WorldPeaceDay #internationaldayofpeace
7	World wants #peace from  #WorldPeaceDay #internationaldayofpeace
7	Bake off on TV and the Match on my phone, what a nightmare I'm so stressed #GBBO #NTFCVMUFC
7	Completely blown away by @EvaNoblezada @alistairbrammer @JonJonBriones and the cast of @MissSaigonUK tonight. #fathomevents #speechless #awe
7	Completely blown away by @EvaNoblezada @alistairbrammer @JonJonBriones and the cast of @MissSaigonUK tonight. #fathomevents #speechless
7	#Never be #afraid to #start over, it's a #new #chance to #rebuild what you want! 🔨🔩🏢
7	I wish you stayed in Da Gump I'll make you panic like the last rapper
7	ppl talking about diets and i am feeling #terrible hahaha
7	@stephtikkanen oh so true, so true. #shudder
7	@stephtikkanen oh so true, so true.
7	don't worry mary berry, my banter is as dry as old boots x
7	It's about time I start taking my own advice
7	@qdoba omg I'm so slow bc my eng is not very well and my hands are shaking uhh help meee I'm like this lil chicken now 🐥#MoreisBetter
7	@Takadad2 Hahaha!\rHe is a bully though!\rLike really a bully.\rOnly Sugita tamed the bully in him.
7	Look for #contrasts....#behaviour may be a #camouflage....garments a #shell....a #bully may be a #baby inside.....' - Prof Caroline Taylor
7	#ADHD &amp; #anxiety are #IRRELEVANT\nAnyone will be #EVICTED if a significant amount of rent HAS NOT BEEN PAID \n#mentalhealth aside\n#CantPay
7	i met with an employment specialist this morning &amp; she basically told me its unlikely i'll get a job because i clearly have too much anxiety
7	McDavid breakaway. Lundqvist with a tremendous save.
7	Seeing huge or really full  backpacks on people fills me with anxiety
7	In other news. My legs hurt. #running #5kin26mins  #flatfeet
7	In other news. My legs hurt. #running #5kin26mins #dreadful #flatfeet
7	@01Starblazer 9 -9 vs Atlanta this yr, 2 - 11 vs Rockies and DBacks this yr. That's a combined 11 - 20 vs 3 atrocious teams in NL
7	@01Starblazer 9 -9 vs Atlanta this yr, 2 - 11 vs Rockies and DBacks this yr. That's a combined 11 - 20 vs 3 atrocious teams in NL #awful
7	I'm shaking now.
7	me: are you guys dating yet #trans #nervous #blowjobs #TFB dating in mack north ohio Bewdley
7	She: Why are you listening to The Eurythmics?\nMe: It's a Polish Gothic Metal band.\nShe: Why do I even ask... (exits room, shaking head)
7	and claimed that all of the same things could scare us\nbut we were tough because of ancestry
7	I feel like I am drowning. #depression #anxiety #falure #worthless
7	I get so nervous even thinking about talking to ****** I wanna die
7	I lost my blinders .... #panic
7	I feel like I am drowning. #depression  #falure #worthless
7	This is the scariest American Horror Story out of all of them... I'm gonna have to watch in the daytime. #frightened
7	@mgcsartwork I nearly started crying and having a full on panic attack after tatinof bc of the crowds so I feel him
7	I have to finally tell my therapist about my sexuality ... last frontier ... not sure I can do it in the AM #fear #SingleGirlProblems
7	@laura221b I don't think I've ever moved so fast in a panic in all my life 😂 Gave me such a fright 😓
7	My bus was in a car crash... I'm still shaking a bit... This week was an absolute horror and this was the icing on the cake... #terrible
7	My bus was in a car crash... I'm still shaking a bit... This week was an absolute horror and this was the icing on the cake...
7	procrasting is fun until im an hour away from the time its due and i still havent finished so i have a panic attack
7	My #anxiety is rising tonight and I'm not sure why. Sometimes I wonder if I'm a magnet for any free-floating anxiety in the universe.
7	Im not a #nervouswreck, Im a #nervous #pileup. #GoingCrazy #HelpMe #Insane #Antisocial
7	#panic Panic attack from fear of starting new medication
7	Job interview in the afternoon #nervous #ek
7	I am beyond mad that I lost track of a brown spider in my brown carpet. Where did you go? 🕷 will be sneaking up on me
7	anxiety level- 100
7	Wah just woke up frm a fucking nightmare
7	I get so much PUSSY\nP - panic attacks \nU - uncontrollable anxiety \nS - suicidal fantasies \nS - sadness \nY - yearning for death
7	Cosplaying properly for the first time on Saturday! Pretty nervous..
7	@Markgatiss I'm surrounded by those Trump voters. You're right, it is fucking terrifying. #redstate #despair
7	Ignored broken tooth for so long, now have abscess. Need dentist but #fear makes it hard for me to go..45 and still can't go to dentist
7	@RogueCoder250 We are in so much trouble!! I don't think the Rev will see the funny side of our project. #nervous
7	im crying katherine is the only one whos like talking to me during my anxiety attack im gonna faint
7	Ever been really lonely and your phone keeps blowing up, but you just can’t pick it up and respond to people? #anxiety #recluse  #issues
7	Super shitting it about this tattoo #nervous
7	Breaking out in hives for the first time since college finals. #anxiety sucks
7	@tchop__StL @YouTube \nI get sick to my stomach everytime I see this video &amp; for the helicopter crew to make such comments is revolting.
7	I am beyond mad that I lost track of a brown spider in my brown carpet. Where did you go? 🕷 will be sneaking up on me #frightened
7	6. 5 minutes to perform and I'm #nervous I wish these noises would stop #handicapped #annoyed
7	I hate when people say 'I need to talk to you or we need to talk.' My anxiety immediately goes up...
7	He replied to my comments 4 times now i'm shaking omg
7	Being stuck in the roof of your house provides amazing view but sheer terror of falling down, kinda like life
7	Just want Saturday to be over but then again I want to do good #LSAT #nervous
7	Im not a #nervouswreck, Im a  #pileup. #GoingCrazy #HelpMe #Insane #Antisocial
7	I was literally shaking getting the EKG done lol 🙄
7	@AHSFX thanks Ryan &amp; Brad for scary the shit out of us in the first episode. Don't think my heart will make it through the s6 #horrific
7	@officialShaky 'Operation Echoes' is gathering momentum ... #tense #nervous #feelsick #excited
7	#WeirdWednesday OKAY! That jump-scared the #Poop out of me right there. Bad dog, BAD! Total code-brown in my favorite pants. #Damnit
7	@RosieBalls I fear for the future of mankind
7	First day of college feeling nervous
7	i might have #hysteria ,i don't kno if it's just #anxiety or both,..need a diagnosis cuz somethin' is messed up,need ert bu i nvr come out
7	@danisnotonfire you made me cry and shake to the point where my parents had to calm me down and give me calming tablets...
7	Gonna get some acupuncture today for all my damn anxiety 🙃🤕
7	#AnthonyWeiner #DISTRACTION #what is really going on? #selection #election #Syria #terrorism #race #riots #GasCrisis2016 #NoDAPL #rape
7	@p4pictures it would be great but what if the card crashes 😱. It's happened to me twice #nightmare
7	@corruptmelon now im feeling the #worry
7	That feeling you get when you know the information but scared you might do bad on a test #collegelife #nervous 😥😥
7	i had a hard time falling a sleep and woke up several times because i was afraid of bugs crawling on me and i ended up waking up with a bite
7	White Americans are worried about Arab terrorists. Black Americans are fearful of a terrorist in a Police uniform on a daily basis.
7	Today was horrible and it was only half a day
7	#ObamaLegacy - weekly #riots and #terror attacks, &gt;400k dead #Syrians, #Jews fleeing #persecution in Europe, #Christian #genocide in ME.....
7	bad news fam, life is still hard and awful #depression #anxiety #atleastIhaveBuffy
7	@RoseTintMyWorId fucking hell mate absolute nightmare 😓
7	@Markgatiss I'm surrounded by those Trump voters. You're right, it is fucking terrifying. #redstate
7	Life long fear of havin a shit and a spider crawls up ya bum
7	What a shamefull, unequal, dangerous and worrying world we live in nowadays!  #terrifying #Charlotte #terrorism #shitworldforourkids
7	@AHSFX thanks Ryan &amp; Brad for scary the shit out of us in the first episode. Don't think my heart will make it through the s6
7	I start work tmrw yall, i'm nervous lol
7	I Don't know what make #Pakistan fear more their #terrorist or their #terrorism  #TerrorStatePak
7	@Montel_Williams If this ban goes through, it will harm so many people, disabled veterans, people who have #chronicpain, #anxiety #iamkratom
7	Wish I could convince the rest of my children to go to their fucking preschool and elementary schools with fear of gun violence.
7	I had a panic attack when I couldn't find @katrinalaw on #Twitter Turns out my Twitter is a jerk. I can still see her. #NyssaAlghul #panic
7	Now this is getting out of hand. I'm freaked out by this death...and I'm God!! #mommaGrendel #intimidation
7	Saga: When all of your devices and teles fail just in time for bake off #panic #gbbo
7	Feeling like I've had the worst night of sleep ever - not great before the #London to #Brighton #cycle ride for @DMTFYP 🚴100k ?
7	Do you think humans have the sense for recognizing impending doom? #anxiety
7	I have to finally tell my therapist about my sexuality ... last frontier ... not sure I can do it in the AM  #SingleGirlProblems
7	im literally shaking bc im nervous and bc its fucking cold oh how i love life
7	I feel horrible. I have accounting today but physically and mentally am not okay 😪
7	@BigBossPeltonen \nLikewise #death #cutting #despair
7	I am about to be a coward and I feel terrible. But I can't even face this 😭
7	#WeirdWednesday OKAY! That jump-scared the #Poop out of me right there. Bad dog, BAD! Total code-brown in my favorite pants. #Damnit #horror
7	@BBCPolitics @BBCNews I'd rather leave my child with @BorisJohnson #shudder
7	@OutdoorLoverz is this a bridge if I have to drive on such I will stop breathing Yooo I can't I'm to afraid
7	My roommate talks and laughs in her sleep. It never fails to scare the shit out of me. 🙅🏽😳
7	I had a dream that I dropped my iPhone 7 and it broke T_T #cry #iPhone7
7	I just deleted my save file trying to load it up. Now I have to start. All. Over. Again. I am going to freaking kill someone. Pray for me.
7	@RossKemp Omg that is just horrific. Something needs to be done. 😢
7	I'm getting so nervous for my first anatomy exam 😩
7	@camilluddington the fact that YOURE nervous makes me want to crawl in a hole
7	mm nothing like a good old fashioned panic induced cry on your living room floor
7	r U scared to present in front of the class? severe anxiety... whats That r u sad sometimes?? go get ur depression checked out IMEDIATELY!!!
7	Now this is getting out of hand. I'm freaked out by this death...and I'm God!! #mommaGrendel
7	In #Bangladesh war, #US almost bombed us had #Russia not been there. What strategy for #China on #Pakistan? Time ripe to crush #terror camps
7	I have another test tonight #nervous
7	@gdimelow @TheDailyShow @NivenJ1 @jordanklepper These interviews scare the crap out of me. I never imagined so many dumb, dumb Americans.
7	Can't believe how nervous I feel tonight...who feels the same #mufc
7	@MrsCassonC @15_jordyn WAS THERE A CLOWN IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD?  #creepy #EnoughIsEnough
7	@MrsCassonC @15_jordyn WAS THERE A CLOWN IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD? #nightmare #creepy #EnoughIsEnough
7	Bloody hell Pam, calm yourself down. But could have sworn something black &amp; hairy just ran across the carpet, #perilsoflivingalone
7	She was so posh it frightened me. I'm still scared.
7	In wake of fresh #terror threat and sounding of alert in #Mumbai, praying for safety &amp; security of everybody in the city #Maharashtra #news
7	Woke by #nightmare @ 3AM, couldn't sleep any more, so took a #UseAllTheHotWaterShower. Now I have time to read.
7	 ughh I just want all this to be over.. it's like a nightmare! can we all just get along?
7	I seem to alternate between 'sleep-full' and sleepless nights. Tonight is a sleepless one. 😕 #insomnia #anxiety #notfair
7	Jimmy Carr makes me want to cry and cry *shiver*
7	in my dream....They were trying to steal my kidney!!! #nightmare #blackmarket #whydidiwatchthat
7	Jimmy Carr makes me want to cry and cry *shiver* #awful
7	Being forced into a fake hug by someone who didn’t flinch to get litigious with you in the past - #awful 😖👺🙅
7	And it pisses me off more they killed people who surrendered. Hands up and all. If hands visible you shouldn't be fearing for your life
7	Andrew's hands start shaking and he says 'I hope I die.. like right now'
7	I dread this drive every Wednesday 😩
7	A country that gave safe house to #Osama Bin #Laden is dangerous if not contained. #Pakistan is a #terror heaven, declare so @BanKimoon_amdg
7	Maybe @SamHeughan can send me good luck on my job interview tomorrow. #nervous 😳
7	@alivitali that's what I'm afraid of!
7	So not pumped for this interview #nervous
7	An @amityaffliction kind of drive home from work today #nightmare #dailyfeels
7	I'm scared that my coworkers are going to submit me to one of those 'wardrobe makeover' shows. #fear #fashion
7	When you wake up, scroll through social media, and another father was taken from his child #nightmare #everyday #KeithLamontScott
7	hi my names anxiety and i have shaun
7	Background. Suffered a bit at times of #stress. Always a bit #shy. About 8 years ago (aged 30) I was made redundant. That's when it started
7	@YahooCare data stolen in 2014 and only now do you tell us .
7	I dread math 😴
7	@SusannahSpot I could pop round #nightmare
7	@excalibater I'm very shy irl and lately I feel like everyone's doing their own thing and I don't fit in anywhere and I feel lonely :(
7	How do you ever stop being #afraid of someone that you live with
7	@DSWT I despair at this madness! It's beyond #shocking it's cold blooded murder!  How long will #SouthAfrica stand by &amp;watch #WorldRhinoDay
7	in my dream....They were trying to steal my kidney!!!  #blackmarket #whydidiwatchthat
7	So she goes first. She gets her book signed &amp; I can barely take their picture cuz I'm shaking 😭😭😭😭😭
7	Just had to reverse half way up the woods to collect the dog n I've never even reverse parked in my life 🙄 #nightmare
7	#AnthonyWeiner #DISTRACTION #what is really going on? #selection #election #Syria  #race #riots #GasCrisis2016 #NoDAPL #rape
7	Well this is flipping great! Flipping standstill on the freeway! #anxiety #stepofftheledge #youvegottobekiddingme
7	When you arrive at the office the day before your first ever festival and the Internet is down #panic
7	@WunderlistHelp are you guys still down? When can we go up? #panic
7	The focal points of war lie in #terrorism and the #UN needs to address #violentextremism
7	Grim and despair feeling-I look at self and my family. Hubby fought 20+ years for this country. I've worked 20+ years for this govt--&gt;
7	Put my passport in a safe back after getting back from Australia 🌏. Only problem is now I can't remember where the safe is!! #panic 🛂
7	@nigglydz lydiaaaa, we were the only ones that were supposed to know that you make me nervous 😶
7	@GuardianAus @guardian because there is a realistic probability that a clown might be their next president. #clown #uspol #nightmare
7	What the fuck is he even doing ? He should be off that's fucking horrific !
7	@AldiToHarrods I'm still too nervous to try it. I need to man up and give it ago.
7	@rsdeepsea @BreitbartNews If 3 people are in a country of 300 million - you are going to RUIN the whole country over 3 people? #fear
7	@prw190 #zionist = #terror \nImagine this kid was a #Palestinian or #Muslim\nZionists stealing #innocence of childhood from #Jewish #children
7	I don't know how people can binge watch horror films ...ALONE!😓😰
7	Haven't gotten one hour of sleep... Today is going to be a fun day 😐 #restless
7	This is the scariest American Horror Story out of all of them... I'm gonna have to watch in the daytime.
7	#India right of reply at #UNGA - #Pakistan preaching of human rights is by a country which is itself the global epicentre of #terrorism
7	my boyfriend once forcibly stopped all of my anxiety coping methods at once (holding me, forcing my hands down that kinda stuff) and I --
7	I thought the nausea and headaches had passed but lol I feel awful today
7	Job interview in the afternoon  #ek
7	Tomorrow is the day I cut and dye my hair! 😳 #nervous #excited
7	A Lysol can got stuck in spray position and we're all slowly suffocating from the trash can that smells like a Febreeze factory. #panic
7	# ISIS REFERENCES SCRUBBED?  Federal complaint against suspect in NYC, NJ bombings appears to omit terror names in bloody journ...  #news
7	@Budget  car rental you have made realize why I always use @nationalcares!!!!  What a #nightmare!!  #disgusted
7	searching for what pro and academic writers have to say about #writing #anxiety and #writersblock
7	What an actual nightmare
7	Can we go back 2 weeks and start again ?? This is seriously dreadful
7	I absolutely love having an anxiety attack halfway through a family meal
7	Pakistan is the biggest victim of terrorism - Nawaz Sharif \nReally? It should have been biggest creator of terrorism. #UNGA
7	After #terror our leaders say, 'Don't jump to conclusions,' but [in matters of #racial unrest], they are silent. Why is that? @greggutfeld
7	im tired of people telling me the worry about me when in fact they probably never gave a fuck about me
7	#Aleppo city is burning. The head of #terrorism #Assad regime &amp; #Russia are bombarding the city right now with #whitephosphrus #bombs !
7	Bloody hell Pam, calm yourself down. But could have sworn something black &amp; hairy just ran across the carpet, #perilsoflivingalone #nervous
7	im like 'this is better' in the moment cuz i panic and then later its so obviously not better. at every opportunity i choose to make it seem
7	Just heard what happen at grandad hometown last night such a terrible news 💔, hope everyone okay 😢
7	@ExaltedCaptain reality in the form of endless tragedies. She didn't know how to react at first, being too frightened to repeat another--
7	It's 5:55am. I'm hungry but there is no food. #panic
7	I have a job interview with @BarclaysUK in Loughborough next month #nervous!!!
7	@AllyTheRipper @ProoF @SpaitoGaming every horror movie that frightened me as a child i.e. 'IT', Halloween movies all of them, nightmare on..
7	@JackAndAHat butter up the walls, nightmare
7	both afraid of all the same things
7	onus is on Pakistan' : MEAIndia after #Uri #terror attack
7	Don't wanna really go out but I can't say no. Deffo have a fear of missing out
7	Biggest #THREAT 2 #GLOBAL #STABILITY? #climatechange #food #water #security #terrorism #russia #war #trump #clinton #geopolitics #korea $vwo
7	@p4pictures it would be great but what if the card crashes 😱. It's happened to me twice
7	My doctor is giving me flower extract to relieve anxiety and reduce panic attacks :')
7	I get soooo nervous when an actually attractive guy tries to talk to me in person. Like 9/10 I turn him down just from habit 😭
7	@megynkelly We should be ignoring these rioters like the current administration ignores #terrorism. This will obviously make it stop.
7	I'm okay, dont worry. I wish i'd been a better kid. I'm trying to slow down. I'm sorry for letting you down.
7	@TimesNow indian army crossed loc into pok to bust terror camp on 20th Sept night?
7	@KennyCoble @Rosie these horrific situations will only get worse if trump is elected. vote Hillary.
7	@BBCNews 😝 scared of their own horror story they wrote, afraid of the #terror they spread, will #europe start WW3 in 2017 anniversary of WW1
7	my husband lost £800 when he booked an apartment through @Airbnb that didn't exist... @AirbnbHelp didn't care #nightmare #airbnbnightmare
7	@Tik115 Issue with that is, will the effort involved get back the amount I put into it? That's what I'm fearful of.
7	Avoiding #fears only makes them scarier. Whatever your #fear, if you face it, it should start to fade. #courage
7	My anxiety is playing around HELP!!!!!
7	Got to be up in 4 hours to go back to work #cantsleep #excited #nervous
7	my husband lost £800 when he booked an apartment through @Airbnb that didn't exist... @AirbnbHelp didn't care  #airbnbnightmare
7	Tomorrow is going to be a challenge, I have to talk at a freshers fair to STRANGERS 😁and pick up my new flat keys #anxiety
7	I'm afraid she's the goat you libeling people? #afraid #goat #libeling
7	@twlldun @bbcquestiontime @JacobReesMogg @leicesterliz @normanlamb @CarolineLucas @JuliaHB1 Oh god, not Brewer again. The horror, the horror
7	&gt;.&lt; too much clutter in my brain with recent little changes that I haven't yet processed... #dying #panic #IveBeenBusierWhyAmIOverwhelmed :(
7	The more videos @PanicAtTheDisco  post, the more i am convinced i might should not have done that #fear #Brendonati
7	Someone wake me when @Therealkiss make 2016 remix of 'Why'❗️b/w #TerrenceCrutcher #Election2016 #colinkapernick #terrorism #riots this 2much
7	@dc_mma @ChampionsFight think shes afraid to fight Holly. One can only imagine what goes through her head when she thinks of Cyborg
7	I had a dream that I dropped my iPhone 7 and it broke T_T #cry #iPhone7 #nightmare
7	@coopah Worst than going to the morgue to do a positive ID. #horrible Reuters
7	Scott Dann injured aka my worst nightmare
7	bad news fam, life is still hard and awful #depression  #atleastIhaveBuffy
7	induction day tomorrow for pizza express #nervous
7	Dates in the glove box' is pure panic excuse #GBBO
7	Swear to God don't get a smart meter from your power company, 8 months of daft bills, 6 visits from British Gas #nightmare #stressed
7	I had a panic attack when I couldn't find @katrinalaw on #Twitter Turns out my Twitter is a jerk. I can still see her. #NyssaAlghul
7	how maybe it was with you and your parents..that I would understand you and your fear of indifference from your own mom and dad..
7	My interview went well today, I can't wait to find out what happens. #nervous #excited #interview #jobinterview
7	I'm used to bears, I'm used to coyotes, I love the idea of wolves. But this is hard. I don't want to be fearful of the meadow or the pines.
7	@missmeliss465 @WellWeds @siggyflicker @whispernghope @mcrichard awe I feel so bad being naive ou is the worst
7	Being alone is better than being lonely. Know what is worse than being lonely? Being empty; that's right!\n #Loneliness #aloneinthecity
7	I can never find the exact #emoji that I'm after at the exact moment that I need it #panic
7	@katlute which one....the one where u threaten violence? Or the phedophiliac u support?  Or the constitution violations he proposes?
7	still shaking though 🙃
7	Watching It Follows.  This is a super freaky movie.  #horror #scary
7	Watching Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet. #horror
7	Even death is unreliable. Instead of zero it may be some ghastly hallucination, such as the square root of minus one.  Samuel Beckett
7	@Burnt_Out_Darth @theaterofscifi thanks. #nightmare
7	#TerrorStatePak we r confirm that #navazsharif is post graduate distinction student of university of #terrorism. He can't spare himself.
7	@ANI_news #Pakistan should stop cross border #terrorism if they really need solution for #KashmirIssue. @narendramodi sir, #India should act
7	3:45am and off to the hospital! Elouise's waters have gone! #panic #Labour #LittleSister #superexcited
7	This is the first time I've written anything on this series in over two years, so I'm checking back in for one last nightmare.
7	I hate having ideas but being too afraid to share them 😔
7	i'd let jiho step on my throat but he'd probs be afraid he'd hurt me
7	@Montel_Williams If this ban goes through, it will harm so many people, disabled veterans, people who have #chronicpain,  #iamkratom
7	Nawaz Sharif's UN should start #सत्य_बोध_यात्रा as after all his #UNGA speech has awaken the world about their role in sponsoring #terrorism
7	Idk if it's hella hot in here or I'm nervous
7	@JaySekulow what can we do 2 get @realDonaldTrump 2 reveal his taxes? That is the immediate danger. But u will not answer me. #afraid
7	I can't imagine keeping malice with my brothers!! I shudder when I see siblings estranged and all
7	Today's alarm shows how unprepared professors and students are when it comes to emergency protocols. We don't know where to go @CalStateLA
7	@MaryamNSharif I think just becz u have so much terror in pak nd urself being  a leader u forgot d difference btw a leader nd terrorist !
7	And here we go again 😓 #restless
7	There's always that one song which makes you turn of the radio, as you'd rather sit in silence 😡 #awful
7	Do you think humans have the sense for recognizing impending doom?
7	@GeneralBakshi Only Indian seems to be afraid of War is @sardesairajdeep n like India is for WAR! WAR! WAR! we cry war. #PakistanMustPay
7	@officialShaky 'Operation Echoes' is gathering momentum ... #tense  #feelsick #excited
7	Retweeted Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul):\n\nStop fueling a Middle East arms race and worsening an already horrific refugee crisis in Yemen.
7	The more I watch this documentary on @Channel4 the more I think @Airbnb is more a #nightmare than dream #dreamornightmare
7	World is facing #terrorism. Where #Terrorist's school exist? Who are terrorist's teacher &amp; father. Which is terrorist's motherland?
7	@CBSThisMorning @newsgirl123456 again, profiling DOESN'T discourage (September 20, 2016; 18:41 EDT) #terror #TRUMP #FAIL
7	We ashamed of being an ally to you. Pakistan sacrificed almost 50000 civilians by siding you in war on #terror @JudgeTedPoe
7	#terror test ................
7	@MrMalky @kwr66 How awful! Switched off!
7	bout to read this article 'Moving the Conversation Forward: Homosexuality &amp; Christianity' from someone in the foursquare church #nervous
7	The Zika #Hoax Files: DEET is part of a binary chemical weapon targeting your brain: #Toxin #fear #neurological #USCitizens #Insect #mammal
7	Just had a massive argument with my alarm today... I didn't want to get up. I don't know how we're going to fix this by tomorrow morning 😕
7	@Delta stuck on runway after being diverted to Fargo. Continuously told just 10 more mins for the past 4 hours. No food/water offered #awful
7	@jk_rowling never thought an angry oompa loompa would be my Boggart, but there you have it. #boggart #PresidentTrump #nightmare
7	#beyond naming &amp; shaming ; lies a vast space b/w #sanctions &amp; #terror state...v *wait til Others #impose it...&amp; do not hv COURAGE #ourselves
7	@MEAIndia: Virtually every statement by other countries at #UN has referred to #terror as main threat to peace, #Pak still in denial.
7	wow if i need to start over on SIF im prob gonna just die
7	When your body says FUCK YOU BITCH, You ain't sleeping\n #sleep #cantsleep #drained
7	I want to slide into the dms but im too fucking shy #shy
7	@BartholomewD It's -terrible-! We're going to the local fish/chip place in Kirribilli #terrible
7	At #UNGA Pakistan clearly shows the face of cowardliness and blatant lies! Its time for #India to act upon terror.
7	@ChickOfBeauty No!  By Y'all I mean rioting, fire starting, business burning, looting ASSHOLES!  That create  #BlackLivesmatter #terrorism
7	#India is sponsoring terrorism in #Balochistan. #KulbhushanYadav an Indian spy agent was arrested in Balochistan by Pakistani forces.
7	Tired of people pretending Islam isn't one of the most misogynistic religions, it's no coincidence Muslim countries are terrible for women.
7	Some questions you get on Twitter make you want to despair. We've been so battered. We complain but aren't convinced things could be better.
7	@dfkm1970 @tomddumba the struggle is real. Whoa! I worry for the younger generation 💔
7	@TeaPartyOrg Hes right when the Civil war starts it will be wall to wall terrorism and i don't fancy the Muzzy's chances
7	Look at this #massiah of #youngleader\n#Pakistan #massiah of #terrorism
7	@AmyMek this is so absurd I could laugh right now (if I also didn't feel like crying for the future of our country).  #wakeupcall
7	@AmyMek this is so absurd I could laugh right now (if I also didn't feel like crying for the future of our country). #despair #wakeupcall
7	@politico If they say the words radical Islamic terrorist, will that somehow make the terror groups drop their weapons?
7	this Mac update has me some kind of apprehensive.
7	a panic attack AND CALL YOURSELF A REAL FAN makes me so mad like i dont even have the words to explain. this is why some people give no +
7	Your boy' is having a nightmare @VivaLaSergio
7	It feels like there are no houses out there for us. With the most basic requirements I have, there are literally no options. #discouraged
7	@SadiqKhan #terrorism shouldn't be a way of life in the united etates and wasn't until #islam brought it here! #IslamExposed #islambacon
7	Now #India is #afraid of #bad #terrorism.
7	@RJAH_NHS @ChrisHudson76 @mbrandreth #course day # potential Leadership #excited #nervous # proud
7	ugh!! this is the worst!! i didn't read at all this whole first month of school and i have a unit test on friday!!! awe man!!
7	Man city's kit is dreadful!
7	jimmy_dore: RaisingTheBoss we've already lost our country and our government to oligarchs, but their fear tactics still work it appears.
7	@ChickOfBeauty No!  By Y'all I mean rioting, fire starting, business burning, looting ASSHOLES!  That create #BlackLivesmatter
7	Set n alarm '@Innocentia_T: I wanna nap but I'm scared I'll wake up tomorrow .'
7	@Megannn_walsh12 @itsshelleeey never said that,Just not fair how Yous think it's completely okay to bully someone
7	Just feel awkward that I'm being timid to everyone.
7	Rooney ! Oh dear, oh dear ! Fucking dreadful 🙈⚽️⚽️
7	@rsdeepsea @BreitbartNews If 3 people are in a country of 300 million - you are going to RUIN the whole country over 3 people?
7	@DaniQays @AJENews ohh.. so here comes sense from terror supporting stone pelting vandalizing ppl who gather b4 protests to announce ...
7	@JaySekulow what can we do 2 get @realDonaldTrump 2 reveal his taxes? That is the immediate danger. But u will not answer me.
7	Unruly kids at 8am in the morning #nothanks ripping the flower beds up by the roots while their parents watch #shocking
7	#ntfc mourinho is worried,  bringing Ibra  and Rushford on.  #panic
7	@latenightdaryun pfft, as if anyone undergoing the constant ongoing horror of sapient consciousness has any trust in themself anyway
7	Librarians scare me
7	@SherriEShepherd because #whitepeople are #afraid of large #blackmen?
7	@iSmashFizzle that's me all the time. I carry ginger candy, peppermint oil and sea-bands at all times #anxiety
7	@mikebairdMP @AndrewConstance @nswtaxi how many sex cases u need before u guys learn UBER is shocking to the consumer unregulated
7	@ashish_geol @getPakistanTV @HamidMirGEO .. Have you give thought to Khalistaan? \nNo concern of you Baluchistan !! Kashmir is an Issue.
7	Democracy doesn't work\n#mob #mentality #mass #hysteria #fear #mongering #oligarchy
7	I want to slide into the dms but im too fucking shy
7	Jesus wept! Another RNS from #rusty @metaltigerplc quote 'Price sensitive news, Price Sensitive news' etc etc The #Ramping here is #shocking
7	A Lysol can got stuck in spray position and we're all slowly suffocating from the trash can that smells like a Febreeze factory.
7	@Miami4Trump Yeah, but bad part is the #terrorism #terror Muslims won't be the ones leaving #ObamaLegacy #nationalsecurity #disaster #Obama
7	We're all in D. T. (Discipleship training or detox) for something. #messy  #cutoff #choosefreedom #CryOut16
7	@Sami_3499 Oh noooo!  #nomorehammocks #nightmare ;)
7	So not pumped for this interview
7	Rojo is shocking.......absolutely shocking !!!
7	#NawazSharif confesses that #Pakistan  supports #terror at #unga\n#BurhanWani
7	@PanicAtTheDisco hey, y'all announced it like immediately after I asked. Nice. Thanks y'all #panic
7	When your body says FUCK YOU BITCH, You ain't sleeping\n#sleep #cantsleep #drained #restless
7	@wwcummings @USATODAY this individual is clearly trying 2 #intimidate this #LEO I see an issue here. STOP CAUSING ISSUES by pushing limits!!
7	@Lrihendry I'm not sure we like this comparison.  USA should emulate #Israel's methods of protecting civilians against #terror attacks
7	Swear to God don't get a smart meter from your power company, 8 months of daft bills, 6 visits from British Gas  #stressed
7	@williamcontrol just preordered The Pale EP... Would have paid for the phone call... But I would have freaked out and not said anything #shy
7	We in our own country are so divided in our approach so how could we fight #terrorism and #pakistani terrorism #MartyrsNotBeggars
7	@GuardianAus @Paul_Karp Maybe 49% support no #Muslim immigration cos they perceive the risk of #Islamist ideology &amp; #terrorism as too high?
7	Sounds like Donald Trump has spent today just making extra, extra sure he'd get those frightened white, conservative, racist votes.
7	@JennyPGR I worry about typos in any email to Simon, draft attached or not...
7	@NinjaWorrier @ali_zimmer @m_pattison How long ago was that? (I shudder to think.)
7	@BigBossPeltonen \nLikewise #death #cutting
7	@MikeGrunwald Anything is better than a Trump ramble. He is awful. Truly truly awful.
7	horrid having a car n no liscence
7	Today has dragged on #restless
7	@twinfjournal @TwinningLife111 @KCtwinflame @TFUnion1111 @Para_Priestess @cupidpoetry I went thru the same thing yesterday #panic better2day
7	@CBCNews Canada should be a driving force of democracy freedom rights - instead we help #dictator #misogyny #Sharia #Islam  #polygamy
7	we shiver in the pause between words \nabandonment still fresh upon the tips of our tongues
7	How I Murdered Your Mother #SpookyTv #horror
7	Just had to reverse half way up the woods to collect the dog n I've never even reverse parked in my life 🙄
7	Girls with hairy arms scare me
7	Didn't concede yet but having a nightmare at the back #MUFC
7	me, myself, and I \n #horror movie alone again tonight maybe a #zombie would eat me and finish my life game already - i want #gameover
7	I feel ghastly and I'm really hoping it's just a post-birthday slump. Back to full research mode tomorrow either way.
7	In addition to fiction, wish me luck on my research paper this semester. 15-20 pages, oh boy. #daunting
7	@Fly_Norwegian quite simply the #worst #airline #worstairline I've ever used! #shocking #appauling #dire #dismal #beyondajoke #useless
7	Accrington Stanley? Who are they? Exactly. Things looking dire for West Ham despite the win. What's changed since March? #bbcfootball
7	@RogueCoder250 We are in so much trouble!! I don't think the Rev will see the funny side of our project.
7	mmmm i'm kinda sad i hope i can shake this before school
7	Late night #thoughts. Feeling #restless.
7	However the agent was inauthentic, my sister still loves me, &amp; I'm still alive. So I guess it wasn't that bad. #socialanxiety #anxiety
7	@carlybigelow13 first you take the room now you wanna beat me up #bully
7	@datboyJuniorE lool soon as man start loosing weight.  Its panic
7	@jndtech horrible.
7	“The #greatest fear #dogs know is the #fear that you will not come back when you go out the #door #without them.”   \n  ―#Stanley #Coren
7	Fosu Mensah is having a complete nightmare! It's the reason all Northamptons attacks come from the left.
7	@Ms_Asia_Pacific @jgsuing @PilosopoTanya @HuffingtonPost @HuffPostPol as a fellow UP grad, i shiver at the shallowness of his arguments
7	How can America be so openly embracing racism.
7	Overtime... #TeamNA #WCH2016 #nervous
7	From harboring Osama bin Laden to its relationship with Haqqani network, there is enough evidence to prove Pakistan is sponsoring terrorism
7	Feeling like I've had the worst night of sleep ever - not great before the #London to #Brighton #cycle ride for @DMTFYP 🚴100k #apprehension?
7	We're all in D. T. (Discipleship training or detox) for something. #messy #fearful #cutoff #choosefreedom #CryOut16
7	Recording some more #FNAF and had to FaceTime my mum to let her know I was okay after I let out a high pitched scream 😂 #horror #suchagirl
7	@bobcesca_go @sesmithesq \nDidn't Florida 2000 teach you anything? I live here in Palm Beach County and lived through that nightmare.
7	@markhberman2003 @LanceZierlein @790blessing entire team from coaches on down played and coached scared from jumpstreet. #intimidated
7	How can America be so openly embracing racism. #dismayed
7	Donnie trumpeter is a vapid and vacant vile viper slithering through the landscape and playing on the gears of the fearful and afraid.
7	@hoystweet Are the pre-purchased tickets being sent soon? Coming to the Saturday evening show... tickets are a no show! #panic #hoys 🐴🦄
7	Super shitting it about this tattoo
7	when people hit on me i try to shake them off by talking about how i hide from communism
7	How am I supposed to intimidate the freshman if half of them are taller than I am??
7	How the fuck do we #live our lives admiring everybody that ever just did something to #win it, then be #afraid to even try to do it yourself
7	@GuardianAus @guardian because there is a realistic probability that a clown might be their next president. #clown #uspol
7	Onus is on #Pak to act against #terror groups which find all types of support for cross border terror: #MEA
7	Round 2 #panic #pcola
7	2day's most used term is, #terrorism, with many addresses and forms. On my #opinion, the only form of terrorism in this world is, injustice!
7	Malins with another surging run forward almost sets McCreadie up at the far post.  Decent game for the neutral, nervous for @Lewes_cfc fans
7	@LBC - I can't read this article but headline indicates a horror story. Lock sick chavs up and throw away the key.
7	The fact that we have a presidential candidate that speaks the way Trump does is alarming. I thought higher of my peers. #FDT16
7	@BraveHermione_ + and gives it to hear] 'Please.. I can tell you anything if you want to listen. maybe you're dont afraid anymore of me +
7	#NewYork: Several #Baloch &amp; Indian activists hold demonstrations outside @UN headquarters demanding Pak to stop exporting #terror into India
7	However the agent was inauthentic, my sister still loves me, &amp; I'm still alive. So I guess it wasn't that bad. #socialanxiety
7	Sickness bug! #awful
7	@gowoonist i got that but you were alarming
7	not only was that the worst @EGX that's I've attended but worth one of the worst cons I've been to in the last 5 years #terrible
7	Home is where the heart lies ! Love my little island but my birth city just ain't acting right &amp; im not feeling too good about it
7	#America finding #gratitude amidst the sadness and frustration about race, #fear, anger and #racism, i remain hopeful _ i'm an earth fixer'
7	David's #anxiety is going to send him home. As someone who also suffers, learning to look normal is an essential coping skill. #survivor
7	@jjskeffington @foodbelfast I dread to think!
7	I'm such a shy girl🙄
7	Watching Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet.
7	@CP24 And I hope when the police met him at the subway that they took him straight to jail 😕
7	onus is on Pakistan' : @MEAIndia after #Uri #terror attack
7	#internationaldayofpeace Want peace,prepare for war. Destroy terror states like Pakistan
7	They're both awful in their own ways, but just saying. The way he treated Aniston alone makes him a nightmare male narcissist to be avoided.
7	Georgia Tech's Secondary is as soft as a marshmallow.  #horrible
7	#Muslims are the principle victims of #terrorism. More Muslims are dying at the hands of these #terrorists than anyone else. #YounusAlGohar
7	Angelino's been horrific
7	@BaileyDemented @hsmitty3 ill kill u if u bully her 😤😤😤
7	Rollover car crash on warren st, traffic is horrid #Boston
7	@NRA @HillaryClinton  She never said anything about taking away guns but I would now bc of your stupid scare tactics for gun sales.Sickening
7	Ugh I want to punch a wall every time I have to use @windows 10. Literally the worst product ever made #windows10  #killme
7	Looks like #India is finally taking #Pakistan n it's #terrorism to task.#uriattacks.
7	It feels like there are no houses out there for us. With the most basic requirements I have, there are literally no options.
7	Saga: When all of your devices and teles fail just in time for bake off  #gbbo
7	Home is where the heart lies ! Love my little island but my birth city just ain't acting right &amp; im not feeling too good about it #restless
7	If purging was real, Kenya would be the country where the elite purge from choppers while the low-class cower under their beds for 12 hours
7	Appropriate that first secretary at permanent mission is tasked with demolition of #terror state #Pakistan - Like 'renunciation of lies' bit
7	I really want to go for fright night but I really don't 😁
7	@NaziaMemon01 yeah a terror packed terror supported speech..
7	@peacexxanna your nightmare
7	PASTOR - 15 FEET away from shooting victim during protest says he is skeptical of official story.  #CharlotteProtest #CharlotteRiot
7	When you arrive at the office the day before your first ever festival and the Internet is down
7	I seem to alternate between 'sleep-full' and sleepless nights. Tonight is a sleepless one. 😕 #insomnia  #notfair
7	can only blame Jose ere why would you give Rojo another start after Sunday , fucking disaster waiting to happen &amp; it did shocking header !
7	@komaebun He just has that way of thinking, he wants absolute hope born from absolute despair.
7	Still waiting to see if my @london2012track will make an appearance next week - two months today it was ordered #shocking #badservice
7	My roommate turns the sink off with her foot to avoid germs and a guy says 'YOUR roommate is feet girl?! I'm so sorry' plz help #nightmare
7	Tomorrow is going to be a challenge, I have to talk at a freshers fair to STRANGERS 😁and pick up my new flat keys
7	a vote for #killary is like sticking a knife in a toaster  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
7	That old lady is cray cray #scared #BellaIsSoCute #awe #Empire
7	People have the right to #protest, Not to #loot &amp; #riot &amp; #terrorize #Charlotte\n#Violence &amp; #Anarchy is unacceptable\n@CNN
7	jesus ok an alarming percentage of my teachers ths year dont have a  s ingle thoughtful bone in their bodies . its gonna b an interesting yr
7	When my 4yo is gone I blast gothcore music. She has #anxiety &amp; I can't listen 2 it around her bcuz it's 'too spooky'. *sigh* #momlife
7	@Aliki111 Haters!!! You are low in self worth. Self righteous in your delusions. You cower at the thought of change. Change is inevitable.
7	@NFYFC @Wilkster_ hmm, don't know many yf  who are short on confidence! Wish I'd been one, #shy
7	.\nWe express our deep concern about the suspension of   \n@MohammedSomaa01  please reactivate it. he never violated T.roles @Support
7	@ajjaffe @MattMurph24 @nickspencer I was under the impression that stop and frisk was a concern to many in NYC. Didn't deBlasio rein it in?
7	That's fucking horrific defending from Schalke
7	While we focus on issue of #IPCA @IHFOKids Indulges in #intimidation @BringRoshniHome @ChildrensIssues @MEAIndia @MinistryWCD #StopCruelty
7	PASTOR - 15 FEET away from shooting victim during protest says he is skeptical of official story. #shocking #CharlotteProtest #CharlotteRiot
7	@CP24 And I hope when the police met him at the subway that they took him straight to jail 😕 #awful
7	i've seen the elder watching me during my community hours and i honestly don't have an idea about what my assignment will be. #apprehensive
7	@Taoist_Skeptic @jackaberlin @DrJillStein @politicususa Doubt U have anything to be afraid of as Trump has been vilifying minorities &amp; women
7	Wishing i was rich so i didnt have to get up this morning #poor #sleepy  #sad #needsmoresleep
7	@Orrible_Ives I didn't say anything bad about the situation great mate, can't believe some were. Makes me despair of humanity
7	Shoutout to @VZWSupport for ruining my iPhone 7 order!! #horrible
7	Next month we'll be running overcoming #lowmood, overcoming #worry and improving #wellbeing courses in #Louth. Self refer on 0303 123 4000
7	So they #threaten to kill #kapernick for KNEELING. I say every athlete just stop playing until social justice and equality comes forth.
7	@tylerhower Covering Milo might make sense—not much, even at that—but celebrating him as puckish is cooperation in something ghastly.
7	@jade0208 unfortunately the diet is still on, so they will have to wait till Friday I'm afraid.
7	@Theresa_Talbot @fleurrbie Haha...sorry about the dreadful puns... I need to get out more....I've been cooped up lately...
7	@rsiereilly my heart did the flutter
7	@ExpressScripts u shd b embrrssd. u jack up my bp meds twice and it will still take 3-5 days? Not express at all. #expressscripts #horrible
7	In dire need of a worship session to just let go of everything
7	A concern of mine is that big name FA(like Malik) will tell other big potential FA's to steer clear of this franchise till Gus is gone.
7	@KarenL109 replace the carpet!! #shocking !!!!
7	Everyday gay panic is STUNNING: I drew 1 guy's att'n to it when he blocked up a toilet stall's cracks w/paper towels. TOTAL INCOMPREHENSION.
7	He: u r beautiful\nShe:i hve a bf\n\nSame as \n\n#India :u guys r #terrorist\n#Pak:we have #nuclear #missiles.\n\n#IndianArmy #terror
7	@LmRyle @tomcolicchio @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @ajjaffe I understand your concerns but look at her foundation contributions #worry
7	@HillaryClinton #Hypocritical considering the #MiLLiONS of dollars you and @billclinton took from #horrible people and spent on yourselves.
7	@LonelyGoomba UK cops have an issue fearing intervention. Hence situations like Rotherham. So of course it'll be dwarfed by US cops.
7	Now #India is #afraid of #bad .
7	okay i AHVE to start mob psycho 100 today. if i dont im going to fight myself
7	@zavvi @zavvihelp only offering 6 moth warranty #ps4pro #shocking #truth #ripoff
7	Americans as a whole are, for the most part, feeling borderline despair at the very least. Looking at a situation out of control.
7	can't believe Mint fest is two days away and i hate my outfit 😩😩🙈
7	@myaeggs I can't get a better look at her bc I'm too shy to make eye contact ;-;
7	I Don't know what make #Pakistan fear more their #terrorist or their  #TerrorStatePak
7	@stevie7t Why does talksport sound like it's being broadcasted from someone's basement #terrible #quality #amateurs
7	I'm afraid she's the goat you libeling people?  #goat #libeling
7	My study skills are terrible 😒
7	@NeyaphemMaster @_James_Kellar_ @RavenMetamorph @MagnetoBroHood @jedi_paige Thomas' nervousness at being the group's focus is evident, 'I&gt;
7	Is it terrorism to intimidate a populace? What case held 'coercion by people in uniform is per se intimidation'?
7	If the future doesn't fill you with existential dread are you even a real person
7	I've been in such a bad mood this week, and work has been horrific, so I decided to start a scrapbook of my summer vacation
7	@YahooCare data stolen in 2014 and only now do you tell us #shocking.
7	@MasterTomTheDom  I hate winter, I dread it's arrival.
7	#NawazSharif says lets end #terror. Sure, let #IndianArmedForces target the bases without #Pakistan interference #Karma?
7	PM #SheikhHasina in @UN speech terms #terrorism as global challenge and urges world leaders to work together to unroot it from everywhere.
7	@vibaby @imEB y'all had crackheads in the islands? I don't know why I find that so interesting and shocking
7	@ExpressScripts u shd b embrrssd. u jack up my bp meds twice and it will still take 3-5 days? Not express at all. #expressscripts
7	When you wake up, scroll through social media, and another father was taken from his child  #everyday #KeithLamontScott
7	can't believe Mint fest is two days away and i hate my outfit 😩😩🙈 #nightmare
7	@NativeApprops @SBShear @HuffingtonPost Shew. That was #awful
7	Forgot to plug the phone in overnight #nightmare
7	@GMModular @goldmedalindia  horrible experience with a company like this #goldmedal #horrible sales person #wrong commitments#wrongproduct
7	New play through tonight! Pretty much a blind run. Only played the game once and maybe got 2 levels it. #Rage #horror
7	Bitch worry about me more than I worry about myself 🙄😩
7	@AlamRahman today which can impact the signal, I'm afraid :-( Our engineers are working to have this resolved by this evening and you'll
7	Approaching #terrorism from an anti-racism POV is futile, instead promote prejudice towards racism. That way we are all on the battlefield.
7	Ugh I want to punch a wall every time I have to use @windows 10. Literally the worst product ever made #windows10 #awful #killme
7	@BrumSciComm in a danish.  What horror, what depths. #gbbo
7	When someone tells you they're going to 'tear you apart' and all they have to say is 'why are you so tall?' #shocking
7	Men cannot even handle the suspicion of a horn farless 😩
7	@AOLUK @JamesHayr @TheDrum Anychance of addressing the communication I sent to you yesterday??? I still haven't had any contact #shocking
7	@Morning_Joe @JoeNBC @mikebarnicle Trump says the refugee situation 'is not just about terrorism it's about quality of life.' Take note.
7	If I was friends with me I'd hate me SO MUCH with the amount I bully them
7	Absolutely shocking. The decline of Rooney is a little embarrassing really!
7	Excited and nervous for Tuesday
7	@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump @BonfireLana #bully #Bullshit #fullofshit please take out the #garbage
7	@Relaqss I know she did horrible shit, but it wouldn't make anything better in the end, but your choice
7	Thiza!!! What happens now when you tell him you're pregnant via home test &amp; nurse later tells you it's a false alarm &amp; BaE is too excited🙊
7	@realDonaldTrump She blamed Benghazi on a YouTube video. She blamed emails on #ColinPowell. Now she blames #terrorism on you. #weakHillary
7	so I picked up my phone!!!' #shocking 😳
7	@markhberman2003 @LanceZierlein @790blessing entire team from coaches on down played and coached scared from jumpstreet.
7	Haven't gotten one hour of sleep... Today is going to be a fun day 😐
7	Bayern Munich pitch is horrific
7	@IPES_44 Mourinho is horrid
7	@ChowdharyMahima Appreciate ur 'half truth.' Don't let ur good judgement swayed in the realm of propaganda. State doesn't sponsor terrorism.
7	@StephenKing\n\nStephen King never once spoke out about how the Left crushes #FreeSpeech in publishing world.\n\n#Trump #horror #scifi #ccot #p2
7	@VectoneMobileUK The worst customer service and lack of professionalism from this service provider! #phoneprovider #badbusiness #terrible
7	#COINCIDENCE??? When you turn on the TV, etc.&amp; listen &amp; watch, the objective is to #CaptureYourMind with #fear &amp; #depression. #FindGODNow!!!
7	@Mc_Cabe_Conor This is it. The complete illiteracy around the role, nature and extent of British agents is shocking.
7	I saved him after ordering him to risk his life. I didn't panic but stayed calm and rescued him.
7	You don't know what to expect by Brendon's video lmao LA devotee video got me shook #panic
7	On a side note if you are self medicating ? That's not helping that is burying the anxiety that WILL manifest in another way. Heart disease?
7	In addition to fiction, wish me luck on my research paper this semester. 15-20 pages, oh boy.
7	@JogglingDroid @BrancoCarmine @Otto_English yeah, #UK was quite the #bully
7	#Trump is #afraid of the big, bad #Hillary. #election #PresidentialDebate #PresidentialElection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward #fear
7	#BB18 Michelle crying  again #shocking #bitter He's  just not that into you 😢#TeamNicole
7	@eugenelaverty @WorldSBK all the best Moto GP is loosing a very talented rider #shocking
7	People’s deepest passions often scare them too much to admit, even to themselves.
7	a vote for #killary is like sticking a knife in a toaster #shocking #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
7	@CNN Wait, didn't she get a case of the ass when Donald Trump called it terrorism BEFORE all the facts were in?  I guess it's ok if she does
7	@siomo @NEWSTALK1010 20 says he gets reelected.....  #be #afraid
7	@davidhiggerson Can understand fear factor but why support a company that wants to reduce your own to status of a needy satellite..
7	Man Utd are shambles that was horrific 😭😭😭
7	False alarm, she's not coming out today 😞
7	3years today marks the anniversary of that horrid Westgate Attack in Nairobi. My heart out to all those of us who lost our family &amp; friends🕯
7	Damnnit! Gonna be 1400 pts shy on Chiefs Rewards of getting a post game photo.
7	Most Americans think the media is nothing but Government propaganda BS. #lies #control #BS #RiggedSystem  #garbage #oreillyfactor
7	@BritishBakeOff Val's 'soggy bottom' face will haunt me. Stay strong V-dog!
7	dread pitt
7	@tbergg1 mine are good rn, gonna be horrid after next week
7	you come running back to me saying how much you miss me then cower away when we acc try a friendship 👍🏼
7	@mcdermo11 @rogerc32 u gave Laura so much constructive criticism she blocked u 'Lazy Give Up Now No Hope Retire' same with Heather #bully
7	When my life became such a concern to irrelevant ass people I'll never know
7	When a guy comes on the train that smells like a mixture of a damp dog, old sweat and sewage works!!!!#gross #horrid #getoffthetrain #smelly
7	God we need a new goal keeper! They’re both horrific.
7	Thought I left that part of life behind me\nIt's back to haunt every girl that loves me
7	I hate that if I don't start the conversation, there won't be one.
7	Focusing primarily on the person you’re talking to rather than yourself and the impression you’re making lessens social anxiety.
7	We can't stop racism overnight. Nor gun violence. Nor terrorism. But we CAN literally stop Trump overnight. So, like, let's? #ImWithHer
7	#Trump ’s ‘Make America Great Again’ plan is exactly like the first 15 minutes of the #movie #ChildrenOfMen.\n\n#cages #terrorism #refugees
7	@ChrisChristie You have no Police credentials-You were a litigator. Nothing more-No Experience. #Sad #TrumpPuppet #Felon  #jersey4sale
7	@FJHobson @Beaker126 @Biastai how would you suggest we profile to stop right wing terror
7	@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls New campaign slogan idea...'I know you are but what am I?' #bully #Trump2016 #yourefired #deflect
7	@TenPercent @emmajtracey @MetroUK not at all surprised unf, getting partially sighted Mum &amp; pushchair on trains a nightmare #ignorantpublic
7	@EurekaForbes U got to b kidding me. Anu from your firm responded  when I sent the contact details. #terrible #customerexperience
7	i've been rooting for him since the beginning #anxiety #BB18
7	i've seen the elder watching me during my community hours and i honestly don't have an idea about what my assignment will be.
7	@Greener105th so you are astounded that I respect blacks to vote like any other human? u talk so down towards them. What bigotry on display!
7	What a horrible track lakeside is 😳😳😴😴
7	@AnneMarieIAm Heard #alarm 1. time in Germany today #youFM, TG finally .. and far far too late. Germany always late w UK artists!!😡😠
7	Have to say that third City kit is fucking awful. Someone at Nike wants shooting.
7	@USAneedsTRUMP @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump awe!!! #cnn so bias and doesn't care about people only money
7	#hillaryclinton and their followers are #nervous of a #BernieSanders #millennials saying yes to a #woman #POTUS  #JillStein  not #warmonger
7	@obyezeks \nWe can't forget d past.But while we apprehend and punish d culprits of the past,are we going to allow d present to slip away?
7	Hope was an instinct only the reasoning human mind could kill. An animal never knew despair.
7	Val is the type of woman you would dread bringing a donation for the bake sale #GBBO
7	@CBCNews Canada should be a driving force of democracy freedom rights - instead we help #dictator #misogyny #Sharia #Islam #terror #polygamy
7	@saltmage I find it less daunting if I know one person at least!
7	@williamcontrol just preordered The Pale EP... Would have paid for the phone call... But I would have freaked out and not said anything
7	@Budget  car rental you have made realize why I always use @nationalcares!!!!  What a !! #disgusted
7	@Delta stuck on runway after being diverted to Fargo. Continuously told just 10 more mins for the past 4 hours. No food/water offered
7	Caballero's passing remains absolutely dreadful I see!
7	Why is it when you nap during the day you are so comfortable but sleeping at night you'll never be as comfortable #nightmare
7	Maybe I'm too cynical for my own good, but I'm afraid, this is the only way to understand Nigeria.
7	@goofoffartiste Ah, the Grand Old Paradox that is fearing the encroachment of the state but loving unconditionally its paid enforcers
7	Part of debunking #panic is the idea that either a physical symptom, negative thought, or a behavior begins the vicious cycle. #CBTWORKS
7	@jk_rowling never thought an angry oompa loompa would be my Boggart, but there you have it. #boggart #PresidentTrump
7	a #monster is only a #monster if you view him through #fear
7	@Zak_Atif two congressional hearings in USA stopped financial aid to Pak and asked it to prove that it is doing enough to stop terrorism 1n
7	I was so shy freshman year this guy introduced himself to me by asking if I spoke any English
7	My roommate turns the sink off with her foot to avoid germs and a guy says 'YOUR roommate is feet girl?! I'm so sorry' plz help
7	Still salty about that fire alarm at 2am this morning.
7	#Terrorism can be destroyed easily if #wholeworld came together great strength..they could destroy this #fear from #humanity..
7	I'm scared that my coworkers are going to submit me to one of those 'wardrobe makeover' shows.  #fashion
7	#Trump is #afraid of the big, bad #Hillary. #election #PresidentialDebate #PresidentialElection2016 #orangehitler #skip #hide #coward
7	Although this war will be under the guise of combating terrorism it will in fact be a war against poverty, ignorance and just stupidity.
7	Who's afraid of the clowns???\ncomment down there....
7	Ronaldo has been shocking. He's tried to do skill twice and he's nearly fallen over both times
7	We express our deep concern about the suspension of   @MohammedSomaa01  please reactivate it. he never violated T.roles @Support
7	That last minute was like watching a horror show #GBBO 😥
7	That old lady is cray cray #scared #BellaIsSoCute  #Empire
7	Most Americans think the media is nothing but Government propaganda BS. #lies #control #BS #RiggedSystem #distrust #garbage #oreillyfactor
7	It were during the past's mistakes- similar to terror was pretty remarkable.
7	Late night #thoughts. Feeling .
7	@hotpatooties more like quickie divorce #awful
7	Jk I'm not a loner just really shy 😅
7	i wanna passion and fear
7	@WTFISaHashtag1 @MuslimIQ The problem is that right wing extremist terror groups aren't given coverage, press not interested
7	If Monday had a face I would punch it #monday #horrible #face #punch #fight #joke #like #firstworldproblems #need #coffee #asap #follow
7	Especially true if there is an impulsive, thin-skinned bully who likes to silence critics &amp; opponents as president. #voxconversations
7	Recently changed to @firstdirect and its the worst service I've ever encountered nearly require DNA to access anything. #awful 😩😩😩
7	@TELUSsupport any tips on why our wifi is terrible the past week? Slow or dropping out continuously - NW Calgary 😕
7	Sickness bug!
7	sure, ohio state is terrible, ohio is awful, etc, etc\n\nthese feelings began with the toldeo war \n\nso, maybe don't campaign there?
7	I hate that a black lady is painting herself white on the internet for laughs and likes...  #BadForm #DidntLaugh
7	#ntfc mourinho is worried,  bringing Ibra  and Rushford on.
7	3 #tmobile #stores, #original #note7 #customer and zero #results... What's going on guys? #terrible #customerservice #2hour #waittime
7	Going to get myself a copy of @StephenKing's CUJO for an upcoming project that I can't talk about just yet. #horror #amwriting
7	@GSchwartz_ it wasn't a joke . #bully
7	If you get called #shy this means you are #considered.Turn those #negatives to #positives Quote #MarnieMcCormack from @jpmorgan #womenintech
7	3 #tmobile #stores, #original #note7 #customer and zero #results... What's going on guys?  #customerservice #2hour #waittime
7	@1NatalieMaines Can you imagine being the person who has to spray tan him? #shudder
7	think they re dating guys #nervous #bodybuilding #with #Follow4Follow megaphone xxx number Nierstein
7	Well this is flipping great! Flipping standstill on the freeway!  #stepofftheledge #youvegottobekiddingme
7	When the sadness leaves you broken in your bed, I will hold you in the depths of your despair, and it's all in the name of love 🎶
7	@_jamiebraidwood haha, horrific is all that needs to be said. Glad I'm away to Spain on Sat so missing game 🍹🍕🍺☉☉
7	@Shahid3011 don't tweet shit like this! It'll come back and haunt you like your other ones 😭😂
7	omg i just heard my dads alarm go off have i really been up all this time
7	@BlizzHeroes I feel horrible dealing with 'players' in HotS. News on what you're doing about it? Getting stuck with uncooperative people!
7	I hate that a black lady is painting herself white on the internet for laughs and likes... #terrible #BadForm #DidntLaugh
7	@ksmitely @CitizenMeh I feel strongly that we need to work together to right this dreadful wrong.
7	Missing the 500th test match today , not able to witness it like watching it in India #shy #indvsnz #500thTest @BCCI
7	Anyone else find @Microsoft 'anniversary windows 10 update 1607' a Complete #nightmare
7	#WTF @NYSCHereToHelp @NYSC allows #gym #bully #atmosphere! #jumpship #nasty #atmosphere #unprofessional
7	That goes the #alarm
7	#TerribleDebateQuestions Madame Secretary, isn't it true that Russia is behind all terrorism?
7	Penny dreadful 3 temporada
7	@drunkejt almost all of my mutuals intimidated me at some point or still do
7	It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them
7	@ChrisChristie You have no Police credentials-You were a litigator. Nothing more-No Experience.#Sad #TrumpPuppet #Felon #bully #jersey4sale
7	@bumbleb33tuna door and cleared his throat, trying to dispel any nervousness he had left.
7	Termination rate is at 22.22% I gotta make some things shake
7	#India right of reply at #UNGA - #Pakistan preaching of human rights is by a country which is itself the global epicentre of
7	LMAO this person must hate me so bad to talk shit behind an anonymous account #awe /:
7	The only thing scary about a 1-armed man trying to scare someone is the fact that he feels his 1 arm is only good for tryin to scare someone
7	Farting in a hot are car when your windows don't roll down is terrible. #gag #BresAdvice
7	these confident bitches should scare you the most
7	I always thought I was too empathetic but it's becoming clear that the majority of you guys are plain insensitive to an alarming degree
7	@Rocks_n_Ropes Can't believe how rude your cashier was today when I was returning an item!  Your customer service is slacking.
7	And here we go again 😓
7	#GADOT please put a left turn signal at Williams and Ivan Allen Jr Blvd. This is absolutely ridiculous #ATLtraffic #horrible
7	@BoudicaRides @realkingrobbo Isn't that exactly what they should do? What took so long? He is more #afraid of #ClintonMafia than #Congress
7	@eileen_davidson on RHOBH, you just do not want to assume an affair while you were married so you criticize @LisaVanderpump! #awful
7	The Zika #Hoax Files: DEET is part of a binary chemical weapon targeting your brain: #Toxin  #neurological #USCitizens #Insect #mammal
7	Start the convo...don't shy away..mental illness abounds in society including our workplace...be informed... #tsdoffsite
7	#Everything you've ever wanted awaits you on the other side of #fear . #IfIWasTheOppositeSex #AskAMan
7	Anytime @perezed gets near a mic, someone needs to smack him w a bat. @BBTN #awful #marblesinmouth
7	Research has determined 70% of #laughter is actually #anxiety.
7	3:45am and off to the hospital! Elouise's waters have gone!  #Labour #LittleSister #superexcited
7	@Fly_Norwegian quite simply the #worst #airline #worstairline I've ever used!  #appauling  #dismal #beyondajoke #useless
7	Obama admin rejects Texas plan to have refugees vetted for terrorism so Texas pulls of of fed refugee resettlement program. Aiding #terror.
7	you make my heart shake, bend and break.'
7	@GaryLineker yet you and all the other English pundits are afraid to criticise him
7	Wishing i was rich so i didnt have to get up this morning #poor #sleepy #restless #sad #needsmoresleep
7	@LakersTakeover it ain't that serious. #HOUvsNE #awful #igotbetterthingstodotonightthandie
7	@Joey7Barton I remember Joey slagging England player's off bringing out books after crap tournaments..same same..crap player #bully
7	@ScottiePass shock horror handicap dodger is at the top 😂 close on the agg cup good , but think pressure will get to mark🤔
7	@bdp514am We are a tired and restless community. We are human and tired of asking for change only to be ignored.
7	@eileen_davidson on RHOBH, you just do not want to assume an affair while you were married so you criticize @LisaVanderpump!
7	@kevinrouth Now that's what I call a gameface! #gameface  #intimidate
7	@RealMichaelKay Annoys me to about the Ortiz tribute too, how would the Oriole fans and organization feel if Yanks did that to them? #awful
7	India wants to #shake #hands with # pakistan ..... but as usual pakistan #cheat with every #indian \n\n..........shameless pakistan
7	One more step in long work #visa process is over. Relief. Onto next step. #expat #restless
7	Recording some more #FNAF and had to FaceTime my mum to let her know I was okay after I let out a high pitched scream 😂  #suchagirl
7	Obama admin rejects Texas plan to have refugees vetted for terrorism so Texas pulls of of fed refugee resettlement program. Aiding .
7	An @amityaffliction kind of drive home from work today  #dailyfeels
7	@David_Stepp Any other election, fine vote 3rd party as useless as it is but not this one. I hesitate to say it'd be selfish but...
7	@bryony_gordon Sat waiting for bus today enveloped in a strawberry scented damp and revolting cloud of vape. I moved away, disgusting, urghh
7	How can you blame the manager watching these players play? It's abysmal. Our team are dreadful. If Jose can't save us. No-one can.  #mufc
7	broken policy' #blasio &lt;&gt; #trump #giuliani 'broken windows' all part of 'pecking order' #bully politics #america RESIST #motto
7	petrify  me in the fossil type of way
7	Texans played horrible.  Bad play calling, bad protection of the ball, bad coaching, bad defense, bad overall performance. #Texans #horrible
7	@troyesivan I'm eating sushi, I'm shaking for you
7	@Taniel @LOLGOP That'll be gosh darn terrific if they only check the brown people. Shucks, let's make a law to say only brown people.
7	@JonnyDunn93 and Gerrard was awful then
7	@DiscordianKitty He has charisma? I guess, if you like people who looked coked out and speak as if they're a school bully?
7	@caeruleusV @Atheist_Penguin @misogynaut I threaten you because I can pussy
7	@DSDambuster just finally started #homefronttherevolution, what did you all do the story and gameplay??? #terrible #wasteofmoney
7	@BrandedByCas I was like that when I started college. It was horrific but it probably will get better. Don't give up yet
7	Jesus wept! Another RNS from #rusty @metaltigerplc quote 'Price sensitive news, Price Sensitive news' etc etc The #Ramping here is
7	@ynnsanity Maybe that's why, we're asked to study hard and get a job that we like. That way it wouldn't be that dreadful.
7	Just #terrible from the cats there. Wow. #AFLCatsSwans
7	@VectoneMobileUK The worst customer service and lack of professionalism from this service provider! #phoneprovider #badbusiness
7	@JTregManc it's fair to say he's been a bit timid compared to what I've been known to see from him
7	@BBs_Coffee somebody needs tell staff at Reading cappuccino is supposed to have a thick layer of foam and coffee should be hot #awful again
7	@andrewspoooner wouldn't cross the street to piss on its server if it was on dire
7	When I walk in darkness of despondency, Sc.verses I've memorized shine a light in my heart. Ex: Lam 3:22-25
7	someone come to fright world w me🤗🤗
7	she gone make me wanna start that new shit today 😂😭
7	Wish I was a kid again. The only stressful part was whether Gabriella and Troy would get back together or not. #hsm2
7	@mcdermo11 @rogerc32 u gave Laura so much constructive criticism she blocked u 'Lazy Give Up Now No Hope Retire' same with Heather
7	@metrotrains why is there no disabled access at pontefract monkhill? #terrible
7	@ZaidZamanHamid Speech is still not up to the mark. No mention of 'Genocide', Indian terrorism in Pak. It was all planned speech.
7	@quiettcricket can you maybe break it down into smaller bits? or space it out so it doesnt seem to daunting?
7	@mas_critical The irony is that those protesting about this kind of stuff are the Orwellian nightmare they think they’re fighting against.
7	☊Focusing primarily on the person you’re talking to rather than yourself and the impression you’re making lessens social anxiety.
7	@aidankerrpol I think you should do. Get the fashion police involved. #shocking
7	@OC_Transpo some weeks there are no problems but this week is unbelievable -- are you guys even running regular 12 buses? #awful #solate
7	@PatBlanchfield so you mean “like Uber but for despair for someone other than the driver'
7	The 'banter' from Craigen and Sutton on BT is fucking horrid
7	Still waiting to see if my @london2012track will make an appearance next week - two months today it was ordered  #badservice
7	if anyone spoils any of my fucking shows I will haunt you in the afterlife so help me god
7	Thank god the feds did not raise rates. Assume they are nervous about a world where 990 is the new employee  form  &amp; the safety net is zilch
7	@JasonBHampton it's Bowers. I went and drove it for a while this evening #horrible
7	You sure have a lot to say about something that doesn't even concern you 😉
7	I have another test tonight
7	@aroseblush Hello !\nThe bigger the bully, the more crocodile tears. Bullies always act like offended victims.
7	@Avanquest i have unsubscribed 3 times from your spam emails still coming? STOP THE EMAILS #avanquest #software #terrible
7	The #500thTest match would have be a T20 or an ODI if @virendersehwag @B_McCullum42 been in their National Colors #nightmare #hitter  @BCCI
7	i was just talking about it last week .. how does your outside appearance (ie. dread locks) affect the ability you have to work?
7	Tomorrow is the day I cut and dye my hair! 😳  #excited
7	No @Chrishilly1987 for MOS 😡  #shocking Leads from the front 💪🏻
7	Romero, Rojo, Blind, Memphis, Rooney. This is nearly a starting line up I’d wanna punch in the face rather than shake their hand.
7	nadia bully me and ill expose you
7	Who likes #werewolves and #horror and #surfing? Because BREAKER over on @readstela has all that and MORE.
7	@JedRivett @CharlesCassidy_  Jus see if you ever do anything you pussy , u don't scare me look who u chill with 😂😂😂
7	@Policy_Exchange A plus point, she won't have to queue for the loos. Any more plus points? Nope, can't think of any  #sexism
7	I am in #shock and #awe and the places my #toddler manages to get his dinner.
7	This week's Massacre Theatre pert by @LarsenOnFilm is the first one I can think of that requires subtitles. #breathless
7	@deodevine6 i can't bully you and niall impossible😙
7	@BlairWitchMovie love new movie\n #BlairWitch #blairwitchproject  #HorrorMovies
7	We, #Indians, can hold our heads up high and stay unafraid. The #UNGA is well-informed about #Pakistan's #terrorism business and deception.
7	An absolutely dire first half and I can't recall a shot on target. \n\nAgainst Accrington Stanley.
7	@leeuwlion 'The furries are restless tonight'.
7	@safety @Support \nHi 🌷\nWhy do you always suspend ISIS hunters\n \n👉@snafy2019\n\nKindly please reinstate our members\n*He fights terrorism d/n
7	@Max_Kellerman  it also helps that the majority of NFL coaching is inept. Some of Bill O'Brien's play calling was wow, #awful! #GOPATS
7	It's really alarming when an adult male calls their father 'daddy'
7	a #monster is only a #monster if you view him through
7	@MidgetTamer @RAIDERS @52Mack_ Make him be a bully. Sit him in a room by himself and let him look at Debo all day.
7	@Avanquest i have unsubscribed 3 times from your spam emails still coming? STOP THE EMAILS #avanquest #software
7	Hey no turn over after a kick - way to go Texans!  Way to go!  #Texans #terrible #noheart
7	In my room 101 would go  Russell Howard,Tom Odell,Michael Buble!!! #pants #nogood #dire
7	@SmileWhileYoDie @KiloSierraC @h0wabouthannah @Drops I'll be okay don't worry
7	.@SimonNRicketts if you don't know what a patronus is, I don't think we should have to tell you #shocking
7	#Charlotte's #young &amp; #restless; I applaud ur fire bt always b respectful of authority, police, elders, parents. Violence, not the way 🙏🏽✌🏽️
7	When a guy comes on the train that smells like a mixture of a damp dog, old sweat and sewage works!!!! #gross  #getoffthetrain #smelly
7	my school photo is honestly horrid, i look so ew😅
7	honestly all my friends do bnc i mean it and i am feeling #terrible hahaha
7	@GucciShade @KellyannePolls @ABC So?  Who cares?  Who cares about tax forms, too.  I believe terrorism and jobs are what is important.
7	For the last 2 years the U.S. has been averaging about 4 terrorist attacks a month. Good debate topic. #Trump #Hillary
7	not only was that the worst @EGX that's I've attended but worth one of the worst cons I've been to in the last 5 years
7	@BBCPolitics @BBCNews I'd rather leave my child with @BorisJohnson
7	Heard of panic! At the disco? How about Kach-ing! at the ATM
7	Can we start a 'get Chris Sutton off our tv campaign? Spread the work #terrible #pundit #noclue
7	@NFYFC @Wilkster_ hmm, don't know many yf  who are short on confidence! Wish I'd been one,
7	So is texting a guy 'I'm ready for sex now' considered flirting?' #shocking
7	#GADOT please put a left turn signal at Williams and Ivan Allen Jr Blvd. This is absolutely ridiculous #ATLtraffic
7	@sandym709  regardless, lets say he has a permit. The permit doesn't excuse or allow him to threaten an officer(expressed or implied)w/ it.
7	If you really care like you state @flyfrontier @FrontierCare then I would seriously address sensitivity training to your employees #awful
7	@united horrible service. EWR. Not a cloud in the sky. Normal departure at 10am now leaving at 5pm. Crappy #UnitedAirlines
7	“ My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.”\n-Elizabeth Bennett (Pride and Prejudice)\n#Quotes #Courage #FaceYourFears
7	For the last 2 years the U.S. has been averaging about 4 terrorist attacks a month. Good debate topic. #Trump #Hillary #terror
7	Hennessey - dreadful. Mutch - is he even on the pitch? Fryers - out of his depth unfortunately. #CPFC
7	Nawaz Sharif's UN should start #सत्य_बोध_यात्रा as after all his #UNGA speech has awaken the world about their role in sponsoring
7	@katiewhiskey_ @bradnarok candy corn is the greatest candy in the world when it comes to being objectively terrible
7	Let's not panic. Beat NYG who's atop the division, come home against Cleveland. Just like that you're 2-2 with a division win
7	my alarm clock was ringing this morning n my flatmate knocked on my door and asked if i set anything on fire or if i'm burning alive :) :):)
7	@GlobeChadFinn Sadly, not enough names.  The whole farewell tour situation would make me shy away from good value b et.
7	#goksfillyourhouseforfree should be retitled fill your house with old trash repainted ... #shocking #junk #trash
7	$100 says Teufel is 'reassigned' within the organization before next year, but I wish it was sooner... #Mets #thirdbasecoach #terrible #lgm
7	It's 5:55am. I'm hungry but there is no food.
7	@hm_custserv #awful service at your Camden store yesterday. Assistants thought it more important to put clothes on hangers than serve.
7	@EurekaForbes U got to b kidding me. Anu from your firm responded  when I sent the contact details.  #customerexperience
7	@metrotrains why is there no disabled access at pontefract monkhill?
7	You have a #problem? Yes! Can you do #something about it? No! Than why
7	We Are Source!!\n\n#mindset #philosophy #thoughtsbecomethings #news #lifehacks #fear #you #LIFE #PleaseRT #ProblemSolving
7	@Cinestrong something a cyber bully would say
7	@rkuuleiq Fear is best/beast product of God/s. :) #aTheism #theism #biBle #afraid #christianity #hell #heaven #purgatory #psychology #jesus
7	I can never find the exact #emoji that I'm after at the exact moment that I need it
7	STAY JADED everyone is #terrible
7	My mind always seems to work its best at night #restless
7	@mdthib This is so lovely! Or I am frightened, not sure which! But, wow!
7	@SueWallace78 peanut butter???? You some kinda pervert??
7	Don't forget 2 test yr #smoke #alarm, #carbon #monoxide #detector #batteries. It could save your #life. 🐈🐩 #Lovinleeds
7	courage the cowardly dog is like american horror story for kids
7	@Lillie_Billy don't worry me and my mans @JJB1Owens gave him a piece of our mind
7	$100 says Teufel is 'reassigned' within the organization before next year, but I wish it was sooner... #Mets #thirdbasecoach  #lgm
7	@MiSSLiNDZO no. 😭 the last two we were out-bidded. So we got kinda discouraged so now we are taking our sweet time. The market is stupid tho
7	We're very busy #coding a whole network manager for #unity3d based on #steamworks networking. #gamedev #indiedev #3amDeadTime #horror #game
7	@ChrisWarcraft The concept that a gay magazine feels like it has to cover terrible people -because they’re gay voices- seems all upside down
7	... in the same speech.  However he did mention foreign hand and funding in terrorism in the country. 👍\n#ProudOfYouPrimeMinister
7	#Partners are willing to #walk alongside you without being #intimidated by you. #WhoIsIT #Part2 #RelationShift #CLifeMacon
7	Mary astounded there at the concept of having leftover milk at the end of your cereal #GBBO
7	@smb_ryan @Kamper10 I couldn't care less about #GOTHAM. I haven't watched it since the mid point of season 1. #horrible
7	#nobody #understand what #advocate mean if you do then use it #right #never be #afraid so #positive word is. I can that is #POWERFUL
7	Watched tna for the first time in a long time what the hell happened to the #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe #terrible
7	@carlybigelow13 first you take the room now you wanna beat me up
7	The irony in that last is that Republicans - more likely to watch Fox News - distrust the news media more. Yet they can't see Fox's lies!
7	And there you go. After that wild start, wouldn't be surprised at all if Sweden wins this game. Too much experience there to panic.
7	The more videos @PanicAtTheDisco  post, the more i am convinced i might should not have done that  #Brendonati
7	For a team as big as Bayern and the they like to play football, their pitch is fucking dreadful. Certainly no Emirates pitch anyway.
7	Starting not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
7	@davidpreece12 @FitbaHacks Great defender, terrible positioning. Didn't know where he should be without Russel shouting at him for 90 mins
7	@russian906 @kingerpag @dannewton1978 Of have a suspicion it was @lct1975 you know!!
7	@Gotham3 ~ Crushes are for kids! Just like trix. \rHow bout some full blown up Love that makes you quiver deep down into your core? Y E S *=*
7	Big up @dj_argue, did I miss phantom dread syndrome by @GenesisElijah? dudes sick.
7	Check out @VovimPrgel - From Scotland #gamer #YouTuber #vlogger #designer #animator #artist. TY for following The Wake #horror #horrorfilm
7	@ManUnitedWriter He has had a dreadful first half, not to mention rashford would've got on the end of a couple of those through balls #pace
7	Forgot to plug the phone in overnight
7	Follow this amazing Australian author @KristyBerridge #fiction #horror #zombies #angels #demons #vampires #werewolves #follow #authorlove
7	What do Aquila, Ajahnae, and Euriechsa have in common besides ridiculously stupid,horrible,ugly, God awful names? Tracey IS NOT their father
7	I like the commercial where @kohara19, on a chocolate milk bender, steals a soccer ball from some guys and refuses to give it back. #bully
7	@DeionSandersJr @DeionSanders so bad...Slash prices or send them to refugee camps, like team gear after they lose championships. #awful
7	#goksfillyourhouseforfree should be retitled fill your house with old trash repainted ...  #junk #trash
7	@Meruna_  as a musician, I can tell you that more people get discouraged when learning because of shitty instruments than anything else.
7	@BossUpJaee but your pussy was weak from what I heard so stfu up to me bitch . You got to threaten him that your pregnant .
7	@MS_Hiddle_Batch no the flavour of Danish is far better but Danish pastry can be daunting to make!
7	@Policy_Exchange A plus point, she won't have to queue for the loos. Any more plus points? Nope, can't think of any #shocking #sexism
7	Halloween party coming soon! #turnt #ruinT #lit #firesauce #hotsauce #mildsauce #getsauced #champagnedreams #scary  #kittens
7	@dc_mma @ChampionsFight think shes afraid to fight Holly. One can only imagine what goes through her head when she thinks of Cyborg #terror
7	@BigLepley @angela31694996 @TheIndigoArrow Want to start a biker gang together when the GTA Online Biker DLC comes out?
7	The kid at the pool yelling is about to get a foot up his ass. #shutup #parents #kids
7	It's never the end / When the moment is dire. / A small spark of hope / Can relight a new fire.
7	I hate Bakewell tart … anything that tastes of almond essence is just horrid! #GBBO
7	@ImJim_YoureNot  cyber bully
7	I have no #alarm preset #life will #wakemeup
7	@vInZzzY we regret the inconvenience caused. We have noted your concern. We will get in touch with you soon to discuss. Rgds, Abhijit
7	@Berbaqueue @_indubioproreo shocking work ethic by our players, Rooney stifled by their laziness
7	@residentadvisor thanks for getting back to me, exemplary customer service for a loyal customer #jk #awful #residentadvisor #poorservice
7	@TheYoungEvans_ 'Kylie, you know me. I won't take no for answer for this kind of things...' *he would smirk and start on the crust.*
7	@Nxrthstxr I think it's the daunting fact of the typical offer being those grades. Even though it's been proven not to be the case exactly
7	A liar an a bully for president? They say every vote matter , well  I'm sorry you'll not get my vote until the year 2020
7	Good start to the day I forgot to set my #alarm just as well it's #Friday 😆
7	It's simple I get after two shots of espresso 'Grande, decaf, 130 degrees soy americano with extra foam' #barista #nightmare
7	@sjgreer24 @cciedotnyc @Buttockus @ChrisCJackson @Bayonethics Have you read the OT and Pauline Epistles? They have countless horrid rules
7	@jody_paterson So I worry about emphasis on 'keeping family together' as a guiding principle, due to my own experiences
7	339:709 A local habitation and a name.\nSuch tricks hath strong imagination,\nThat, if it would but apprehend some joy,\n#AMNDBots
7	@isthismike_p that nigga is horrible bro
7	Was going to get a new #horror movie #tattoo tonight, but my artist flaked out on me for the 3rd time &amp; said he was done tattooing!
7	Did you know I specialise in #anxiety  and #panic attacks? Get in touch for all of my solutions for you. #Coventry
7	@thebully10 does being a #bully make u feel like a #bigman? Cos it makes u a #twat
7	Not sure that men can handle a woman that's got her crap together. #intimidation #independent
7	We hesitate to #live our #dream because of some unknown #fear which actually does not exist.' #AqeelSyed\n\n#LifeisBeautiful #LiveWithPurpose
7	Step out of your comfort zone. \nGo for risks.\nFace things you fear. \n\nThis is when life starts to happen.\n\n#cpd
7	@RoWillFindYou Eric couldn't help but laugh, though that made him wince in pain. It hurt. A lot. He just wanted to sit down somewhere —
7	If Monday had a face I would punch it #monday  #face #punch #fight #joke #like #firstworldproblems #need #coffee #asap #follow
7	@Cory_Bonini AP didn't have a productive week 1 or 1st half against GB and Kalil is horrible! @Vikings D is its strongest asset currently.
7	Wish I was a kid again. The only stressful part was whether Gabriella and Troy would get back together or not. #hsm2 #nightmare
7	Don't think I'll hesitate to run you over. Last time I checked, I still had 'Accident Forgiveness' on my insurance policy...
7	Fear blocks blessings, faith unlocks them. #ManUp #fear #faith
7	After a nervous couple of days test results now confirm my life will be no different whatsoever as the result of two actors divorcing, phew!
7	How is that in 2016, a 757 airplane does not have WiFi...ridiculous.#AmericanAirlines #americanairlinessucks #AATeam #horrible
7	GUY was such a video I'm shaking @ladygaga
7	Got to be up in 4 hours to go back to work #cantsleep #excited
7	@danielleelowell awe man I'm mad I'm sitting here already cutting tulle and ribbon already 😂
7	The most important characteristic of leadership is the lack of . #activism #equity #revolution
7	Texans played horrible.  Bad play calling, bad protection of the ball, bad coaching, bad defense, bad overall performance. #Texans
7	Transform your hardship(s) into a burning #desire to succeed. Never #fear #failure, without it there would be no #success. $SPX #FinTech
7	Crossword puzzle is oat meals solitary respecting the flat out portentous nutrient rootstock re scruple failur...
7	The radio just told me Lady GaGa is going country, which is like if the Beatles decided to do opera singing for their final albums #awful
7	@StephenKing\n\nStephen King never once spoke out about how the Left crushes #FreeSpeech in publishing world.\n\n #Trump  #scifi #ccot #p2
7	.@Tolumanda love it! so true. As @Deedeey_ taught me, fear can be an illusion. #coaching  #courage
7	New play through tonight! Pretty much a blind run. Only played the game once and maybe got 2 levels it. #Rage
7	The kid at the pool yelling is about to get a foot up his ass. #shutup #parents #kids #horrible
7	How had Matty Dawson not scored there!!!!! #terrible
7	@TJ_FASHO lmao clown my own hair I'm going to dread lmao
7	I saw someone discourage someone from following their dreams. Just because you want to live in mediocrity doesn't mean someone else should.
7	@SueWallace78 peanut butter???? You some kinda pervert?? #awful
7	Rojo is a terrible defender
7	This maybe a new start but it will always be align with the end.  #forward
7	@CBSThisMorning @newsgirl123456 again, profiling DOESN'T discourage (September 20, 2016; 18:41 EDT)  #TRUMP #FAIL
7	There's always that one song which makes you turn of the radio, as you'd rather sit in silence 😡
7	@clairepilkingt2 oh god no that's awful mine don't last that long thank god. Thank you\n Xx
7	Why is it when you nap during the day you are so comfortable but sleeping at night you'll never be as comfortable
7	Season 3 of penny dreadful is on Netflix...well my afternoon is filled
7	@BlairWitchMovie love new movie\n#BlairWitch #blairwitchproject #horror #HorrorMovies
7	@EE your a joke I pay for data when I'm in Spain and you then text and say I've used up all my data #terrible service
7	Today has dragged on
7	Fosu-Mensa is having a nightmare 15 minutes. Difference between Premier League reserves and League 1 is still wide
7	I really hate Mel and Sue. They think they're hilarious and they're just awful
7	@DeionSandersJr @DeionSanders so bad...Slash prices or send them to refugee camps, like team gear after they lose championships.
7	@zavvi @zavvihelp only offering 6 moth warranty #ps4pro  #truth #ripoff
7	@Gibberman10 @ScottHoward42 any of y'all remember when MLB tried a futuristic jersey those were all #terrible
7	@UCSMindfulness thank u so much! we just finished another #mindfulness film called #release about #anxiety - plz share!
7	@TheDuranSite Russian mistrust of the U.S is well justified &amp; the precaution they've taken are very prudent.
7	@NandosSA just received order from @OrderInSA &amp; the chips are under cooked &amp; half raw!!! Usually best part of the meal #notcool #terrible
7	@rkuuleiq Fear is best/beast product of God/s. :) #aTheism #theism #biBle  #christianity #hell #heaven #purgatory #psychology #jesus
7	@SteveBryantArt I was pretty sure it was a Golden Ticket. Get a tour. Make a mistake. Something horrific will happen to you. Good day sir.
7	#picoftheday : How...why... Really... !!\n    #funny #picoftheday #lol #random #laugh #chair #of #despair #funnypics  #virgin #cafe #i...
7	I just want to say: social media isn’t here to #bully that has to be #stopbullying ! Please be kind to eaxh other! #lovewins
7	Don't let the behavior of others destroy ur inner peace.' -Dalai Lama @OWNTV #healing #depression #anxiety #intuition #meditation #book
7	How had Matty Dawson not scored there!!!!!
7	Fuck being shy, I'm trying to be up in them thighs.
7	If you really care like you state @flyfrontier @FrontierCare then I would seriously address sensitivity training to your employees
7	@BartholomewD It's -terrible-! We're going to the local fish/chip place in Kirribilli
7	Just want Saturday to be over but then again I want to do good #LSAT
7	Let's refuse to live in #fear -  #c$%t
7	I've used Dey Know as my alarm clock song throughout college #RIPShawtyLo
7	When I walk in darkness of despondency, Sc.verses I've memorized shine a light in my heart. Ex: Lam 3:22-25 #despondency
7	When someone tells you they're going to 'tear you apart' and all they have to say is 'why are you so tall?'
7	My fav #movies are #horror but they don't make them like they used too. Haven't seen a great one in years
7	Aberdeen st Johnstone, let's see who can punt it the furthest #awful
7	thank you for your concern, computer, but my last name isn't misspelled, it's just weird
7	@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls New campaign slogan idea...'I know you are but what am I?'  #Trump2016 #yourefired #deflect
7	We're very busy #coding a whole network manager for #unity3d based on #steamworks networking. #gamedev #indiedev #3amDeadTime  #game
7	.@Tolumanda love it! so true. As @Deedeey_ taught me, fear can be an illusion. #coaching #fear #courage
7	@UndeadLayne @Lauren_Southern all the bully
7	Oh I get i see it's #TexasTech playing tonight not the #Texans #TNF #texansarebad #terrible
7	Now ...what to do for the next hour while waiting for #OurGirl to start @BBCOne ?!
7	@stevie7t Why does talksport sound like it's being broadcasted from someone's basement  #quality #amateurs
7	@iSmashFizzle that's me all the time. I carry ginger candy, peppermint oil and sea-bands at all times
7	@CestLouLeLoup okay, not dead, but if I were, I'd come back to lovingly haunt your sweet asses
7	@BBHOH #terrible Paul so deserved that win!!! #bbfail
7	@ltsukis im love you, even if you bully me sadly
7	@alicemazzy he was more partisan on social issues a few years back; now he just concern trolls the center left as Chait does the far left
7	Anyyyyone wanna go to fright fest with me on Friday night? 👻
7	@DSDambuster just finally started #homefronttherevolution, what did you all do the story and gameplay???  #wasteofmoney
7	Jeans with fake pockets #horrible
7	@GroundSwellCLE @ClevelandCNBC @KingJames @mavcarter @SpringHillEnt @boughb #revitalize #ClevelandHustles #daunting task, #hustle
7	@CursedRoyal I chuckle and shake my head, 'No that didn't bug me too much. I was still going to ask you but there's a lot you still don't--
7	@Mickeyplyler @QualkTalk the refs are in GT's favor tonight.
7	I have a job interview with @BarclaysUK in Loughborough next month !!!
7	The most important characteristic of leadership is the lack of #fear.  #activism #equity #revolution
7	Can we start a 'get Chris Sutton off our tv campaign? Spread the work  #pundit #noclue
7	@_stardust_3 unless your concern is people figuring out who you are for wtvr reason, I don't see why you shouldn't tweet about other things
7	Getting terrible download speeds for fifa smh.
7	One more step in long work #visa process is over. Relief. Onto next step. #expat
7	You don't know what to expect by Brendon's video lmao LA devotee video got me shook
7	Are there any #horror sites that would be interested in my writing a guest article/review? Been really craving a literary outlet lately.
7	yesterday i finished watching penny dreadful and from all the beautiful things i saw one question remains: were the writers HIM's fans?
7	Ready for my sweet princess to arrive. I'll he 37 weeks this Saturday! #excited #nervous
7	2,034 words today #amwriting #horror #novel 42,080 'Magnitude' total so far. 25Kish to go.
7	Overtime... #TeamNA #WCH2016
7	@ManUtd it was a terrible Freekick...
7	@moore_oliver it's funny how they can be in such a hurry but have plenty of time to stop and threaten people
7	How I Murdered Your Mother #SpookyTv
7	@Jchawes What is your favorite #horror movie? #ghosthunters
7	It's not #dread. It's called #Locks
7	@aIakazamjackass been better. It's really stupid don't worry
7	@NandosSA just received order from @OrderInSA &amp; the chips are under cooked &amp; half raw!!! Usually best part of the meal #notcool
7	@TheMoosesAngel He looks down at his brother, a smile forming on his face. 'What? People fearing me?'
7	the ending of how I met your mother is dreadful
7	Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.' - Abraham Lincoln
7	Hahahah what a horrific penalty from bayer. 5 feet wide. Jesus
7	I polished my nails, but can't find the polish remover. It look like a 3yr old polished my nails lol #horrible
7	I lost my blinders ....
7	It's not going to break you it's just going to shake you
7	@Joey7Barton I remember Joey slagging England player's off bringing out books after crap tournaments..same same..crap player
7	@MichaelSalfino It still destroys Fear The Walking Dead. That show is horrible
7	#bestadvice from a #movienight, pickup the #phone &amp; #start dialing, no1 will knw a #startups #product #service if thy dnt tell the #world
7	On the other side of fear lies freedom! - JB Glossinger #quote
7	Howl at the moon with @HorrorSociety at @FatCatChicago next Wednesday the 28th for a FREE double feature of SILVER BULLET and CURSED
7	@lindseylouwho_ be nice if the Texans could hold onto the ball to give fuller and Hopkins a chance!!! #awful #TNF
7	As much as I want a normal little life.. It wouldn't suit me, I'd get restless, I need to just do what I want at all times to be happy 😊
7	Huns are like a box of coffee revels #horrible
7	A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success.
7	@mr_HAAAAN wow inadvertently horrible puns is definitely my thing
7	I really wanna go to fright fest 😩
7	This has #turned out #better then I expected admitting you tried to #intimidate 😂😂 #cantstoplaughing I really can't and it's in #spokeword
7	#aliens #zombie #gore #slash #ghost #sith #horror I love it all. 🔪
7	Just want to be a dad so i can play kick the baby with my little one #southpark #mellogang #ghastly #edm #plur #dad #djlife #dj #producer
7	O you who have believed, fear Allah and believe in His Messenger; He will [then] give you a double portion of His mercy...' (Quran 57:28)
7	Drop every fear...
7	@RealMichaelKay Annoys me to about the Ortiz tribute too, how would the Oriole fans and organization feel if Yanks did that to them?
7	That free kick from Rooney was awful
7	today has been terrible but tonight will end better because I get to see Malik ❤️
7	Wazza blocks Carrick's shot and then misses a sitter that Memphis, who was ready beside him, surely wouldve buried. Good start lol #MUFC
7	Howl at the moon with @HorrorSociety at @FatCatChicago next Wednesday the 28th for a FREE double feature of SILVER BULLET and CURSED #horror
7	ACT 4 #anxiety &amp; #depression group. @livingwellihc beginning Mon October 17 for 6 weeks. Contact me to register now! #mindfulness #Halifax
7	Shoutout to @VZWSupport for ruining my iPhone 7 order!!
7	Confiaejce comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.-Peter T. Mcintyre
7	Wee cunts playing chappy in my street, got my shoes on so I can chase and scare the fuck out of them
7	Unruly kids at 8am in the morning #nothanks ripping the flower beds up by the roots while their parents watch
7	Anytime @perezed gets near a mic, someone needs to smack him w a bat. @BBTN  #marblesinmouth
7	@LmRyle @tomcolicchio @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @ajjaffe I understand your concerns but look at her foundation contributions
7	@AOLUK @JamesHayr @TheDrum Anychance of addressing the communication I sent to you yesterday??? I still haven't had any contact
7	@KateyKeegan now I'm really excited for November! Hope they're not all horrid chavs though 😅
7	Omg he kissed her🙈 #shy #w
7	@falklands_utd @mauriciomacri \nbecause distrust in life , Argentina has a lot of heart and this President is worth every vote.
7	@Just_Alasia I agree. Btw, have u seen Ep22, Granger, O?  That was the episode when I knew Anna was coming back, the conversation at start.
7	#Trends thread;'P)..it was in my #drafts&amp;now #posted 2 mins after my #birthday..so #close:'O!:''/...but anyway it #really was the #start of
7	Look at this #massiah of #youngleader\n#Pakistan #massiah of
7	You make me breathless.
7	To com sede de milk shake
7	Halloween party coming soon! #turnt #ruinT #lit #firesauce #hotsauce #mildsauce #getsauced #champagnedreams #scary #haunt #kittens
7	@Mickeyplyler @QualkTalk the refs are in GT's favor tonight. #terrible
7	@Rocks_n_Ropes Can't believe how rude your cashier was today when I was returning an item!  Your customer service is slacking. #terrible
7	@Wild_Lucario_ *chuckles* did I scare you?
7	@GreensACT @ShaneRattenbury @carolinelec what about #publictransport to &amp; from #CanberraAirport. Most cities have. Mr Barr very #coy on.
7	@eugenelaverty @WorldSBK all the best Moto GP is loosing a very talented rider
7	@BBHOH #terrible Paul so deserved that win!!! #movie #ChildrenOfMen.\n\n#cages  #refugees
7	@LFC What an awful team
7	@TiganVarcolac &lt; feel this precious pleasure. 'Harder..' He whispered almost breathless and his index finger stroked along his waistband &gt;
7	@WunderlistHelp are you guys still down? When can we go up?
7	I remember when Rooney wanted to leave United and the fans threaten to kill the man and bare junk... wanna regretting that now? 😂😂
7	Walk right through them! See way past them, and don't even hesitate running them over.
7	Check out @VovimPrgel - From Scotland #gamer #YouTuber #vlogger #designer #animator #artist. TY for following The Wake  #horrorfilm
7	#smackdev #ptp #start word
7	never afraid to start over
7	@Netflix_ME penny dreadful season 3?
7	STAY JADED everyone is
7	oh yay old scientist builds himself a robot assistant and makes it look like a hot naked woman nothing alarming here
7	No red card for Gordon there? The ref must be a Celtic fan as that was a shocking challenge.
7	@humeraslam @MehrTarar @sherryrehman , yes, already he spoke so many lies with timid body language. Baluchistan could have been his own trap
7	@BBCTomEnglish @TimesSport And the dreadful Franglaise.
7	@smb_ryan @Kamper10 I couldn't care less about #GOTHAM. I haven't watched it since the mid point of season 1.
7	They used to laugh at her coz she couldn't afford a junky now they stare in awe while she is winning.
7	@AlanAlanconway Same it's good but not great.Don't Breathe is the horror film of the month for me. My Fav horror film of the year (so far)
7	@SportsTraderIT Madrid is playing awful and no modric but 90 minutes in Bernabéu stadium are so so long. Viallreal never won there
7	@97_aleix having a terrific game and not at all fazed #MCFC
7	@corruptmelon now im feeling the
7	No we didn't just bully our professor to move the Chem quiz to Monday 😂
7	@OC_Transpo some weeks there are no problems but this week is unbelievable -- are you guys even running regular 12 buses?  #solate
7	#terror @sjdonghaev i love you
7	@SalmonDelicious @bigdickkishibae I lost it at 18. Like, really not a big deal. Don't worry about trivial shit like that.
7	Going to get myself a copy of @StephenKing's CUJO for an upcoming project that I can't talk about just yet.  #amwriting
7	Regardless of your age or station in life, it all comes down to one simple truth: you just have to #start. - Jon Acuff #inspiring #quote
7	@STLouis_RamsFan their whole team is limited when they're on the field.
7	It was an #amazing #start to the first #fall  day. Will it be an #Indiansummer
7	Oh I get i see it's #TexasTech playing tonight not the #Texans #TNF #texansarebad
7	This maybe a new start but it will always be align with the end. #start #forward
7	Don't let fear hold you back from being who you want to be. Use it's power to push you towards your goals. No more fear, just action. #fear
7	@astockeyWTAE @SonniAbatta she is terrific at her job, where is she headed-- I missed that?
7	@JasonBHampton it's Bowers. I went and drove it for a while this evening
7	@RockSolidShow @Pat_Francis #revolting cocks if you think I'm sexy!
7	How is that in 2016, a 757 airplane does not have WiFi...ridiculous. #AmericanAirlines #americanairlinessucks #AATeam
7	Watched tna for the first time in a long time what the hell happened to the #hardyboys #impactonpop #wwe
7	My interview went well today, I can't wait to find out what happens.  #excited #interview #jobinterview
7	Fewer and fewer good horror offerings from Hollywood every year. Or have I just gotten too old for this shit?
7	I delete numbers so quick with no hesitation
7	@1NatalieMaines Can you imagine being the person who has to spray tan him?
7	After Nawaz Sharif's speech on terrorism, Kejriwal is expected to talk on Governance.
7	“ Less sugar, more fruit.\n Less soda, more water.\n Less worry, more sleep.\n LESS WORDS, MORE ACTION.”
7	Don't let fear hold you back from being who you want to be. Use it's power to push you towards your goals. No more fear, just action.
7	induction day tomorrow for pizza express
7	Lady gaga fucking followed i have been waiting for this day for ages it fucking happened im shaking thank you so much @ladygaga ❤️
7	@STLouis_RamsFan their whole team is limited when they're on the field.  #terrible
7	@siomo @NEWSTALK1010 20 says he gets reelected..... #be
7	@cstonehoops Gonzaga not listed in the article but at 65/1 they have tremendous value, they are top10 team for sure, got everything you want
7	wonder if at any point #BobMarley ever actually became #afraid of just how #high he'd gotten. :o #420
7	new tires &amp; an alarm system on my car. fwm now!
7	Good Morning!!!\n\n #leadership #healthcareIT #socialmedia #connector #ceo #writer #AI #EQ #security #bigdata #Growthhacking #tech
7	Unbelievable from McDavid and Matthews. Lundqvist can do nothing but shake his head #WCH2016
7	@CSTrey4 thanks brotein shake 😈😈😈
7	.@SimonNRicketts if you don't know what a patronus is, I don't think we should have to tell you
7	Hopefully I'll get this Best Buy job, and officaly #start my #streaming #career , working towards doing something I love #1DayAtaTime
7	Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair #ThursdayThoughts #yourpushfactor #fear #life #quote
7	If you truly want more of God in your life, it requires letting go of some of the old things, to allow new things to flourish. #stop #start
7	@darwinwatersons @pennyfitzger31 @gumballwatter15 ok but why tomorrow a horrible day, my day was great!
7	@madihayousufzai Please DM your concern
7	It's better to be wetter than it is to be dry' jesus christ Val don't be shy hen 😂😂 #GBBO
7	$8 million in box office doesnt do this movie justice. Political or not, #SnowdenMovie is a terrific thriller and love story. @Snowden
7	Thoroughly enjoying AHS tonight. #ahs #horror #americanhorrorstory
7	@jessespector @nasboat old rich white religious guy supports republicans. Not shocking at all.
7	Swear all of my guy friends are scaredy cats. You don't do horror movies. You don't do haunted houses. Wtf do you do then?
7	@ntfc watched the cobblers loads this season how is gorre a pro footballler terrible
7	Everywhere I go, the air I breathe in tastes like home.' - @The_Currys #restless
7	Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair #ThursdayThoughts #yourpushfactor  #life #quote
7	Ramos with his ground shaking headers..😏
7	@OnyxFlare25 She chuckles, shaking her head. 'No...I just have a really vivid imagination, I guess. It happens when you meet someone&gt;
7	How in the world did Nicole beat Paul?!?! #terrible #bb18 #BBFinale What was the jury thinking?? 😳😳😳
7	My view of the human being is as a dynamic expression of the Cosmos we exist within #humanism
7	@keprdad  BTW, George W Bush left office in ,09. We have had terrific leadership under Barack Obama. Keep America Great.
7	What's the most important thing you need to accomplish today? #onlinemarketing #solopreneur #start up #success
7	I'm curious to know just how much money the original Air Bud made to justify the continuation of these awful sequels and spinoffs.
7	@DreKnott You've got tremendous range.
7	ok, ok.. I know.. my last tweet was #terrible
7	@NHLexpertpicks @usahockey USA was embarrassing to watch. When was the last time you guys won a game..? #horrible #joke
7	And I would advise that everyone wait to watch @KevinCanWaitCBS ,or actually don't wait, just don't even watch it because it is
7	@HoustonTexans just trying to go home tonight? A run on 2nd and 20 and a run on 3rd and 20? That's what champs do... #sike #losers
7	Yo Yo Yo,my name is #DarthVader \nI feel like I need to puff on my inhaler (I'm no rapper but that was some sick bars)  #bars #rap
7	#nana 4 hoco bc my dream since freshman year awe 😙❤❤❤ @thecandeyman
7	@residentadvisor thanks for getting back to me, exemplary customer service for a loyal customer #jk  #residentadvisor #poorservice
7	Every year I go to universal studios to horror nights as a 3rd wheel lol 😊😂
7	My goals are so big they scare small minds
7	if you do me wrong i will not hesitate to block you and cut you out of my life completely 😇 it's one of my greatest talents
7	Solid starts by #Bozzelli and #BenEvans. Hoping for a good #start !
7	@SusannahSpot I could pop round
7	Step over #fear and rely on #faith!
7	@JogglingDroid @BrancoCarmine @Otto_English yeah, #UK was quite the
7	Open to suggestions on a good #horror movie. Just saw 31 and It follows recently, dug both. Gimme something good. #movienight #netflix
7	Research has determined 70% of #laughter is actually .
7	I like cycling because I get to intimidate people with my powerful calves &amp; horrendous tan lines.
7	@washingtondc @NMAAHC That is Noah Ark, it's a terrific design.
7	@PanicAtTheDisco hey, y'all announced it like immediately after I asked. Nice. Thanks y'all
7	In my room 101 would go  Russell Howard,Tom Odell,Michael Buble!!! #pants #nogood
7	@___margs @juliana_f_reyes Hey Michael! Thanks for following up, yeah I think you'd be a terrific contrib. Looping in assoc ed Juliana
7	im what a 90s tv bully would call 'a nerd' but i would rather shove one thousand nickels into my right earhole than go to new york comic con
7	You have a #problem? Yes! Can you do #something about it? No! Than why #worry
7	@TheOnlySweeney their slogan should've been #start instead of #finish
7	@Oooooo_Donna @sturgishigh @politicususa   @CNN took its first baby  step now let's hope they will start running
7	The radio just told me Lady GaGa is going country, which is like if the Beatles decided to do opera singing for their final albums
7	This week's Massacre Theatre pert by @LarsenOnFilm is the first one I can think of that requires subtitles.
7	@Gibberman10 @ScottHoward42 any of y'all remember when MLB tried a futuristic jersey those were all
7	Show your new job you're not #afraid of new tasks. Take on a #project, be brave, make an #impression. #WorkTiveTruth
7	Action is the foundational key to all success ~Pablo Picasso #inspiring #quote #action #hustle  #dosomething #success
7	@DailyJoshleen KA- like the start of cake and then Like saying C - if that makes sense 😭😂
7	@RobdotThom @sulphurhoops in fact they need to start making all holidays! Maybe even e dry month pick a theme so we can have them all year
7	81' Goal scorer Vidar Kjartansson comes off in favor of Dor Micha! Another terrific performance by @Vidarkjartans #YallaMaccabi
7	Round 2  #pcola
7	Everywhere I go, the air I breathe in tastes like home.' - @The_Currys
7	Jorge deserves it, honestly. He's weak.  #90dayfiance
7	Not sure that men can handle a woman that's got her crap together.  #independent
7	@GSchwartz_ it wasn't a joke .
7	Don't be so shy #nl
7	Ladies and gentlemen\nAfter the tremendous success of #PanamaLeaks\nNow presenting #BahamasLeaks 😂
7	Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller #quote #inspiration #afraid #great #motivation
7	Pretty excited for American horror story tonight
7	@mackenzian yes! That was my one qualm. These are deeply theological issues we're engaging theologically.
7	Aberdeen st Johnstone, let's see who can punt it the furthest
7	Jorge deserves it, honestly. He's weak. #revolting #90dayfiance
7	At the end of the day I know that my kids will never worry about me leaving them 💕
7	I really wanna go fright night at Thorpe Park next month 👻
7	Fear blocks blessings, faith unlocks them. #ManUp  #faith
7	Anyone else find @Microsoft 'anniversary windows 10 update 1607' a Complete
7	I was having a good dream.. and then my alarm went off
7	Huns are like a box of coffee revels
7	@LakersTakeover it ain't that serious. #HOUvsNE  #igotbetterthingstodotonightthandie
7	And I would advise that everyone wait to watch @KevinCanWaitCBS ,or actually don't wait, just don't even watch it because it is #awful
7	@lindseylouwho_ be nice if the Texans could hold onto the ball to give fuller and Hopkins a chance!!!  #TNF
7	bout to read this article 'Moving the Conversation Forward: Homosexuality &amp; Christianity' from someone in the foursquare church
7	@Burnt_Out_Darth @theaterofscifi thanks.
7	Don't let the behavior of others destroy ur inner peace.' -Dalai Lama @OWNTV #healing #depression  #intuition #meditation #book
7	@hotpatooties more like quickie divorce
7	@Max_Kellerman  it also helps that the majority of NFL coaching is inept. Some of Bill O'Brien's play calling was wow, ! #GOPATS
7	If you think you're good to go already, don't worry about it.
7	Yo Yo Yo,my name is #DarthVader \nI feel like I need to puff on my inhaler (I'm no rapper but that was some sick bars) #breathless #bars #rap
7	ok, ok.. I know.. my last tweet was
7	It's a good day at work when you get to shake Jim Lehrer's hand. Thanks, @keratx! Still kicking myself for being to shy to hug @mcuban.
7	@CurtisJobling Yes indeed! We know masses of students would be so excited to see you! We need to get this sorted! #haunt
7	.@REDBLACKS’ Chris Williams: 5 yards shy of joining 1,000-yard club. Bowman (1,279), Walker (1,168) &amp; Roosevelt (1,095) already there. #CFL
7	@Coyblake6 @ChloeCramphorn hahahaa you know coy!
7	Ellie from @myspanishboots is here to answer your questions! Don't be shy - she loves talking about #equestrian fashion ;-) #equestrianhour
7	Enjoyed seamlessly setting my #alarm using #okgoogle #Nougat. Just tell #Okgoogle what to do and she does it. #PersonalAssistant
7	Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller #quote #inspiration  #great #motivation
7	@JoeFahezy I could of told you that one lmfao 😂 Then old niggas get wasted and start fucking around
7	I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks #quotes #motivation
7	Just want to be a dad so i can play kick the baby with my little one #southpark #mellogang  #edm #plur #dad #djlife #dj #producer
7	I like the commercial where @kohara19, on a chocolate milk bender, steals a soccer ball from some guys and refuses to give it back.
7	@BigDaddyx47 awe I'm sorry! I have 2 dogs 3 cats &amp; a snake
7	If you truly want more of God in your life, it requires letting go of some of the old things, to allow new things to flourish. #stop
7	It's not always how you #start it's how you #FINISH
7	My mind always seems to work its best at night
7	I'm excited for the #FirstDayofFall &amp; the rest of the season. I have 2 #Halloween #scare events I'm covering for @ThrillzCo in the next week
7	^^^^^\n//Don't worry if your character is already taken. The RP I'm looking for is a non couple forming RP. Just a fun loving haunting.//\n^^^
7	@Zen1dfabflake You are all our angelic comrades!
7	@DemPhillyEagles @StonedPhillyFan @CraigfromCincy don't ever compare those scrubs to ben..he'll shake off your whole DL and throw a td #7
7	@NativeApprops @SBShear @HuffingtonPost Shew. That was
7	Profit are from 5-20% per day to 100-300% per month.Don't hesitate to contact us for the more results! info@fxventury.com
7	Hey no turn over after a kick - way to go Texans!  Way to go! #Texans  #noheart
7	@pixietangerine @hatersbackoff im so exited!! I am shaking so much 😍😍 and im so pround of Colleen and the fandom! Everyone is amazing 😍
7	@frecklybellamy the walking dead, mr robot, american horror story, merlin
7	@eclecticbrotha Thanks, big bro. It's shake and bake and you helped.
7	shake fries
7	@aidankerrpol I think you should do. Get the fashion police involved.
7	#GetSmartWithARQ is a smart way to start investing and #whiteicenetwork is smart source 2 #start #skilled #manpower #recruitment for ur firm
7	Action is the foundational key to all success ~Pablo Picasso #inspiring #quote #action #hustle #start #dosomething #success
7	#start ur day wit a smile\n#buviobby
7	Ready for my sweet princess to arrive. I'll he 37 weeks this Saturday! #excited
7	@turoturok  We're glad to hear that everything is resolved. If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to reach out to us.  TY!
7	@NHLexpertpicks @usahockey USA was embarrassing to watch. When was the last time you guys won a game..?  #joke
7	So is texting a guy 'I'm ready for sex now' considered flirting?'
7	@CurtisJobling Yes indeed! We know masses of students would be so excited to see you! We need to get this sorted!
7	Not setting an alarm to nap &gt;&gt;
7	@tannerfox awe cnt wait to see
7	This is a terrific university-a unique university..Athabasca University has become a part of my head &amp; a part of my heart' Peter MacKinnon
7	@FraserKeegan just had a steak pie supper #tremendous
7	mattmilne76 Thank you for letting us know!  Please do not hesitate to contact us in the future, if our assistance is needed. Thank you!
7	Study finds #awe &amp; #wonder of something greater than self, leads to #creative boosts of expansive thinking. @outsideonline #write #thoreau
7	Some serious hip shaking going on tonight 😜
7	It's so funny cause Cooper's going to go farther than the people who bully her
7	@casillasbreanna awe thanks girl 😊😊
7	Can't start a good day without a cup of tea! \n\n #tea  #day #goodday
7	Thoroughly enjoying AHS tonight. #ahs  #americanhorrorstory
7	should I #start posting #photos?
7	I can be so shy but once I come out of my shell that's it 😂
7	@BelieveInBlue18 awe thanks! Couldn't be doing it without all your help and support and that amazing encouragement!💕😘🙌🏻
7	My view of the human being is as a dynamic expression of the Cosmos we exist within #humanism #awe
7	my mom recorded nightmare before Christmas for me 😍😍😍 I LOVE IT 💕
7	@Sopp97 sorry to upset u madam.If you have got any queries don't hesitate to contact our PR department.In the meantime do you fancy a beer?
7	@Marissa_Frost @NevAmore_MFC awe I love you twooo!!! come adventure with me someday!
7	Ha! @mquirk @joshuahoodbooks Got your book after our 'meeting' at the Starbucks in NOLA. If Josh says it's terrific, I'm all in.
7	@Zen1dfabflake You are all our angelic comrades! #flutter
7	Lets start there
7	When you make a great tasting shake and no words can describe it!😃👌🏻 #shake #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords
7	It's simple I get after two shots of espresso 'Grande, decaf, 130 degrees soy americano with extra foam' #barista
7	I polished my nails, but can't find the polish remover. It look like a 3yr old polished my nails lol
7	#rocklandcounty get to ravis in suffern, ny. Great food, new #chef, terrific atmosphere. Say 'twitter' to server and get free #appetizer
7	When you make a great tasting shake and no words can describe it!😃👌🏻  #herbalifenutrition #tastesogood #nowords
7	Jeans with fake pockets
7	Georgia Tech's Secondary is as soft as a marshmallow.
7	@bothsocial Thanks for the follow! Hope you’re having a terrific day!
7	Can't start a good day without a cup of tea! \n\n#tea #start #day #goodday
7	@veroicone my typical shake is ~100g banana, 1c almond milk, 1tbsp chia and protein. Sometimes I add PB2 or ice or other fruit.
7	i've been rooting for him since the beginning  #BB18
7	@TayerleLyle awe thank you so much Lyle!! You're the best!😀😀
7	Don't #worry if you're not the best , if you are doing something you #love , you're heading in right direction ...
7	That goes the
7	Pull over #tonight and make your car #shake 😋💦
7	@Melanie_Pierce @HunterHayes awe ain't he a sweetheart? He's adorable! 😊😍❤️
7	@FraserKeegan just had a steak pie supper
7	@annalisewrobel_ awe thank you so much love 💕
7	Omg he kissed her🙈  #w
6	In my 20s - and was going out to dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday. Her (older - in 30s) cousin, really wanted me to get drunk cos I'd visited their (cousin & wife) place quite a bit, but had always been very careful - brought up to believe in moderation in drink (but not guilt repression etc). I mixed drinking with smoking (which I rarely did) and got drunk and had to leave the table to get sick in the loo, and later went home and was sick again; have never felt so awful in my life. And I didn't want to face or tell my other flatmates, or family.
6	A daughter in court for staff pilfering, she was dressed like a \street walker\" - I had a friend form overseas with me and was á|falsely trying to impress with my family."
6	My son was apprehended for shoplifting at the age of 14. Because I too had been apprehended at the same age I felt the shame of not having been able to prevent my son from acting in the same way.
6	A young visitor to the house stole money from an elderly visitor's purse. It wasn't noticed for some hours.
6	A good friend of mine told me in comfidence that once he had tried to commit suicide. To meet him you wouldn't think so. I told another friend of mine about this when she was feeling depressed about her twin brother's suicide. I broke a bond of confidentiality.
6	When you betray the trust you have been given. This is connected with copying at a class-work at school.
6	When, for example, I fail in my undertakings.
6	I lied to my best friend and I wouldn't reform what I had done.
6	Exaggerating certain circumstances, wrong attitude and evaluation of these circumstances.
6	A theft committed by me.
6	I travelled on a bus and I forgot to punch the ticket. A ticket collector came in and I had to pay the fine. I did it with a feeling of shame.
6	When not fulfilling any of my obligations to a person whom I respect.
6	This happens to me when I am not prepared in a given subject.
6	I talked with a man who stammered and without controlling myself, I started to talk imitating him.
6	I feel shame when sometimes, (unconsciously) I behave unethically and without understanding the problems of the man I love.
6	I had not punched a ticket in the bus because I had a card. But when the ticket-collector came it turned out that I had forgotten it. The shame I felt was great though it was not done on purpose.
6	I felt this feeling during the exam in higher mathematics.
6	When I try to lie.
6	When I promise to do something but I don't fulfill it.
6	I counterfeited a mark in the school register during the lesson in gymnastics. I felt this feeling two days later when I stood face to face with my teacher, whom I highly appreciated and respected.
6	I had to prepare a report but I couldn't write it. I read from a book off-hand, I was quite uneasy and I felt I didn't manage.
6	I didn't offer my seat to a pregnant woman in the bus.
6	Some days ago I had a car accident. It was quite slight but through my fault. I felt strong shame because I had the spirits of a good driver.
6	When I don't succeed to fulfill a promise.
6	At a weakness on my part.
6	I feel this feeling at one and the same degree when I am not prepared to overcome certain obstacle in my life.
6	I was to take part in a cocktail party on the occasion of our national holiday as a servant.
6	I thought I had taken a decision but I hesitated.
6	I was nailed. I lied in connection with a book which I took from the library, because I had to keep it for a longer time.
6	I am ashamed when I am not ready for my seminar in internal diseases, simply because the assistant professor is a person who deserves high respect.
6	I was totally unprepared for a seminar conducted by an assistant professor whom I highly respect.
6	I experienced long ago when I was sightseeing Bulgarians in a foreign language.
6	Once I was not ready for a seminar and I was asked to leave.
6	I am ashamed of the way my father behaves with my mother and sister, and with me too.
6	I was embarassed at the exam in microbiology. I was ashamed with myself - how little I knew and how good was the examinor. I rarely become ashamed.
6	I was ashamed of the way I deceived that I could not help a friend, although it was absolutely possible for me. Nothing was revealed but I haven't called up this person since then.
6	I didn't tell my parents that I was going to Sofia. I told them that I was going to a seminar. My mother knew that I was lying but she didn't stop me.
6	At an exam in pharmacology I tried to prompt a coleague (she asked me something) and the assistant professor made me a sharp remark.
6	We were at a football match and when we were leaving the stadium (the stadium was packed with people) and I lost my shoe in the crowd. Our attempts to find it didn't give any result and I had to go home without one shoe. In other words to cross the whole town !
6	I was at a children's camp abroad. The people (the leaders, my coevals) were very king to us. One night we smeared our foreign friends with tooth-paste while they were sleeping and then we roused the whole camp by our shouts. Later I was so sorry. I didn't utter a word for two days, then I went to apologize.
6	I was examined by a teacher I greatly respected. I was well prepared on the subjects but he put some side-issues to me and I couldn't answer.
6	I feel shame when I have made a promise, I can't keep it and this has negative effects which are caused by my behavior.
6	I felt shame when I discontinued my education for eight months.
6	Some time ago I promised to meet an acquaintance of mine and to carry him some promised papers. I haven't done it until this day. Now I feel quite awkward when I meet him.
6	I feel ashamed when I act dishonestly toward somebody.
6	During our last exarcise in agricultural machines we went out in the yard to examine a row of machines. But we seemed not to have fulfilled our task well, because when our teacher came and asked me a question I was unable to answer. I felt awkward because he didn't deserve it.
6	When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I burned with shame then.
6	Immediately after the New Year holidays I happened to visit a party where there was a lot of alcohol and I became drunk. On the next day I felt sort of ashamed when I remembered what I had said and done on the night before.
6	I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived them.
6	That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was cought.
6	I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left them to the mercy of fate.
6	Once I had dinner at an elegant restaurant and I did not have enough money to pay the bill. There were a lot of people there and I felt quite awkward.
6	When I first had a sexual intercourse.
6	When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the materials out she turned round and saw me.
6	Losing my temper and allowing myself to act childishly by yelling and screaming at a person who I felt had done me wrong - in effect lowering myself to their level.
6	When I found a letter addressed \To Mum\" by my son, 6 months á|later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up á|after wearing them for the first time."
6	I felt shame at the hurt I caused to my family especially my parent father, shame of hurting people emotionally. A misconceived self-blaming that didn't do me any good. Shame at being myself as I am.
6	Put down by my father - at a family outing at mutual family friends dinner. Told \Not to Speak\". The attitude by him was á|negative/I was in mid 20s, I had done many things - a wide range á|of experiences. Probably greater than he."
6	I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not accept my Visa !
6	When I was unable to respond to a welcome in my indigenous language of Maori at an important function where I was the only woman in the group and it was expected of me.
6	Like guilt - the most ashamed I have ever felt was when I began to feel guilty about having sex with my boyfriend when it was only \the thing to do\", and not really an act of love."
6	NO RESPONSE.
6	I found I was pregnant and unmarried.
6	NO RESPONSE.
6	When ditched - divorced by husband.
6	When my natural parents name would show up on papers and not my, what I call real name.
6	When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work expected of me was not going to be in.
6	That my brother and father are into alcohol, two men with priviledge. Not using it positively.
6	I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should not.
6	While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space to a large extent.
6	Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where family car received minor damage.
6	When a close friend entrusted me with a secret and I let the cat out of the bag.
6	Cannot recall the emotion with any force.
6	My failure to provide the appropriate emotional/spiritual level to a sexual relationship that had a large physical content. Born out of inconsistency with my personal beliefs and value shame at largely using this sexual partner.
6	Watching Muldoon act as my P.M.
6	I am ashamed at myself sometimes when I am working with handicapped people and don't wish to be seen in public with them.
6	My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of, macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were talking.
6	Felt ashamed when in a group conversation and could not understand words or comprehend the topic of discussion.
6	When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not act very responsibly and one of them was injured.
6	Haven't felt shame for ages.
6	A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).
6	When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather embarassing situation from my past.
6	Cannot remember such a situation.
6	Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the problems I'd caused.
6	Stealing money from my parents when I was young.
6	I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was going to die.
6	Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the present point in time in outrageous activity.
6	When caught shoplifting and the police were called in parents also informed.
6	On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for sexual motives.
6	Close friend discovered I had deceived them. Felt shame at having done it and knowing that they knew.
6	I was severely reprimanded for a trivial offence in front of members of my peer group while still at school.
6	The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.
6	When dropping a carton of boiling soup onto a co-worker's leg - causing great pain, and for me, severe embarassment at my own ineptitude, and shame that another person suffered as a result.
6	When I was 15 my mother discovered various items in my room which 15 year olds aren't usually expected to have - mainly alcohol, marijuana and contraceptives !
6	I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !
6	When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very ashamed in front of my parents.
6	Breaking an implicit promise.
6	Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting her in later days.
6	When I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion.
6	My father died 4 years ago, 18 months after my mother died. I feld my sister was responsible for his death, in that she \hadn't á|loved him\". I felt ashamed for myself, and for my family."
6	Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with girlfriend.
6	I passed on some gossip that was untrue and cause two friends to have a fight who were already experiencing difficulties with each other.
6	When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers and the tutor found them alike.
6	I was amongst a group of people talking about how the Maori people were stirrers and causing trouble in our country. I felt shame to be a pakeha when other pakehas had such narrow conservative views.
6	I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.
6	When I as a Pakeha (white) new Zealander, was just as racially prejudiced as other people whom I had condemned.
6	Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that was taken, although it was not locked.
6	Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.
6	I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the fright and because I was nervous.
6	When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question so that everyone starts to laugh.
6	I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for myself and the others.
6	When I made an end on a relationship after three years.
6	During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped very soon.
6	At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a bag spread all around while I was going through the metal detector.
6	When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door, in the tube.
6	A mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition.
6	I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody started looking at me.
6	I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took out his chair I knocked down my own glass.
6	I had subscribed for this test. We were informed by our secretary where the test took place. We went over there and thought there was a course. So we went back again I felt ashamed that the secretary again should see me.
6	We had arranged a beach party with 20 people. There my father got drunk I felt very ashamed.
6	When I have suffered a terrible fit of eating, that frequently occurs. Then I eat everything, I act like a glutton I eat big amounts of food, sometimes even half a loaf.
6	When I forgot the birthday of my best friend and I innocently came to visit her one week later.
6	I talk too much, cannot keep things secret. I promised a friend not to tell something to anybody. Neverthless, I did, and she got informed about it. I felt very ashamed.
6	I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.
6	When I was 10 years old I stained our bench with a fountain-pen, I tried to twin the cushions, but then there were colour nuances. Then my mother catched me, she saw it and became very angry.
6	A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure whether she saw it or not.
6	When my mother found a leaf of my diary where I had written about my mother's lack of education, especially her poor arithmetical insight.
6	Making bloopers: e.g. telling something negative about a certain person, while that person is standing besides you and hears everything.
6	When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain person was \the source of gossip\" he told me about, while that á|person was also present."
6	I stayed at home for a period because I felt depressive and I neglected my study when people adked me, I told them that I had freeterm and studied hard. I felt ashamed for my behavior and lies.
6	I was jerking me off in my bedroom, when suddenly, my mother came in. She looked at me and immediately left the room.
6	Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because I needed it myself.
6	I made a joke about the rat of a boy. I compared his rat with a sausage. I told the boy he had a delicious sausage.
6	My father was very angry with another man in the presence of my friends.
6	After having failed my driving test.
6	When I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly.
6	Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he lived (I succeeded).
6	When I arrived too late at a meeting of mentor (the night before the introduction of novices on the University start).
6	Going out for dinner, or during one ice-cream and four spoons.
6	When I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught.
6	It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my room by my father.
6	While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly person who respected me.
6	When I could not hold my bladder while making a telephone call and ended up wetting myself.
6	On New Years eve I drank too much alcohol, so much that I had to vomit in the presence of other people.
6	A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four to eight years of age).
6	I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.
6	I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the first time with a girl.
6	A girl asked me why I didn't dance. I told her I was ashamed to dance. I felt myself ashamed having to tell her this.
6	When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly embarrassing him without reason.
6	I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in need for help.
6	When I am angry at someone without a good reason. Later on it proves that he didn't do anything wrong.
6	During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese and his opinion was right of course.
6	Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This made me shy.
6	When coming up for trial because of shop lifting.
6	I was catched when, as a little girl, I played tricks. I was very startled then and wet my pants.
6	I am troubled by hair growing in my neck. I was troubled by this for a long time and was much ashamed when someone brought his/her hands close to my face.
6	I was very angry at someone.
6	At Christmas night there was a good movie on television which I wanted to see for years. I was whining about it till someone told me it was very childish. Then I felt shame.
6	After a party in which I made love with a boy in public. Later on I heard that others were talking about me and called me a slut.
6	I was drinking a glass of wine and eating something when there suddenly appeared pictures about the famine in some parts of Africa.
6	In an important situation for me, my father behaved inadequately.
6	I made a very insulting remark against a person whom I care for very much. This event was caused by a third person who didn't like the person I insulted.
6	In my opinion guilt is a feeling which goes together with shame. Here then I refer to the situation of guilt.
6	A teacher spent a lot of time helping me without wanting to be paid for it. For the exam I didn't got a good grade and I felt ashamed.
6	When I didn't meet an appointment I had made. The person phoned me but I thought of something (I told I was ill) so that I didn't have to go.
6	I was eating in a very nice restaurant, when the servant asked whether I liked the food I told him that I liked it but that there was one thing which wasn't so good. The servant than worked very hard to make it good.
6	During my Highschool time I was chairman of the student's comitee. In this function I once had to make a speech to a large audience and I was very nervous. After three sentences I forgot my text.
6	When I went for the first time in my life to a nudist-beach.
6	I forgot something I agreed upon with a good friend.
6	When I overslept for the second time on the day I had an examination.
6	When I gave water to the plants of a friend. Then one plant fell over, and a little statue broke. I, of course, had to tell him everything.
6	When I do not succeed in making myself clear to other people. When they do not understand what I say.
6	When I made acquaintance with the parents of my boyfriend for the first time. They spoke Limburgian (a dutch dialect) and one of my first remarks was that I disliked Limburgian dialect.
6	I cried for 3 hours because I felt very miserable. Then I called my boyfriend and he said lovely things to me. After this feeling disappeared I felt ashamed.
6	A girl in our class was nicknamed \fatsy\". Later, I heard that á|she suffered from diabetes mellitus."
6	I had a short lasting sexual relationship with someone I didn't love.
6	We had made an appointment to complete together a piece of work. It appeared that I was the only one who hadn't prepared anything.
6	Once by coincidence I clutched a stranger (in a rather intimate way), thinking it was my boyfriend. When by hindsight I feel ashamed when thinking about it.
6	A friend came for dinner with me at home. His parents are ordinary people. My mother, however, used the very expensive porcelain dinner-service and the silver cutlery. I felt very ashamed.
6	When I state things with great positiveness and try to convince others, and it appears that my statement is not right.
6	I was taking a shower in a cubicle in France. Then I discovered that a few children were loking at me from the adjacent cubicle.
6	When I was a child my parents caught me with a pornographic magazine.
6	When I wore a grotesque figure hanging down my back.
6	When a person whom I do not want to see is continously present.
6	I met a friend in a discotheque. he was with a girl and he told me that she was not his girlfriend.  I, to say something, commented that she must be a viscious woman.  He then told me that she was his girl.
6	Once I did not have enough money to pay for a coffee.
6	I fell outside the door of my house.
6	Once I answered my father rudely.
6	When I realized that I had a hole in my trousers after having gone for a walk.
6	A few days back I had to ask a professor a ridiculous question because I had lost at a game of cards and had to pay a forfeit.
6	On New Year's Eve, when I went to the house of my girlfriend's parents to meet them.
6	The last time I had to phone the Registry, after having called them so many times in the last few days.
6	When I was dismissed from a job after having been accused of theft.
6	I think that I am rather shy and do not mix with people as I would have liked to, out of shyness.
6	My aunt phoned me to ask me why I had refused the her invitation to dinner at her home on the New Year's Eve.
6	I was swimming in the sea and a wave took the top part of my bikini away.
6	For example, to feel bad because of one's attire, to be among people who do not belong to the same social class, to give a wrong answer in class, to be surprised in particular situations.
6	Equivocal situation when filling a security questionnaire on entering a government building with several people there.
6	When I went to see the doctor and had to take my clothes off so that he could examine me.
6	When I had to represent my boss at a meeting.
6	When I tripped while getting on a bus.
6	When inadvertantly I found myself in the ladies room.
6	When I was a child I had to recite a poem in a show at the end of the term.
6	When I inadvertantly entered the ladies room and met some girls on my way out.
6	Each time the professor asks me a question in class.
6	When a friend from whom I preferred to hide my private life discovered that I had relations with a man.
6	One day I got on the bus without any money or season ticket and the driver threw me out.
6	We were discussing a subject ( I knew very little about it) and I was holding my ground.  They showed me that I was wrong.
6	I had to meet a girlfriend to go out for a drink and she arrived with her aunt, to whom I was introduced.  Then the aunt left.
6	When criticizing something about a person and then realizing that the person whom one is talking to is similar.
6	When people next to me play the fool.
6	The first time that I caressed a girl, I was about thirteen and she was eighteen.  I noticed that it did not affect her at all.
6	My mother had just been teaching me how to crochet, which is thought highly improper for a boy in a town.  Just when we finished, a neighbour walked in.
6	One day in class, the professor asked me a question concerning something he had been explaining.  He was very close to me (beside me) and I had no idea what to answer.
6	Once when I said bad things concerning a friend.
6	I was alone in the bus when I tripped and fell, and dropped all my papers.
6	When I fell head on in a fountain.
6	When a professor caught me absent-minded and not paying attention to what he was saying.
6	The girl with whom I was going around had been forbidden to be alone with me in the house.  We paid no attention to this prohibition but one day her parents appeared and I jumped out of the window.  They saw me.
6	In a Mathematics class, the professor asked me a question and I gave the wrong answer.
6	Once I had to visit a rather special person.
6	While shopping, a person close to us created an uncomfortable situation for those who were with her.
6	A children's film in which I played a clown, with spotlights, cameras and the director who demanded jumps and guffaws.
6	In class I had to say something aloud and people reacted  by laughing.
6	When I stated sharply something I was not very sure of and a few days later I was shown to be wrong.
6	A professor was going to read aloud in class a composition of mine in which I had criticized some political attitudes and also some class-mates.   I was ashamed at having written that.
6	This morning I spent a lot of time on my toilet and missed the train to the university.  My mother told me that I spent more time than a woman on my toilet.  I felt a mixed emotion of shame and anger.
6	When I was in a religious school my teacher showed me up in front of all my class-mates.  They were very sarcastic and cruel.
6	I slipped and fell in to a puddle and people started looking at me.
6	A person (a male) told me that he liked me.  He has a problem, he is a homosexual.
6	At a friend's party there were several allusions to my sexual adventures.
6	When I was in the toilet and someone came in.
6	I was with a group of people and everybody told me to do or say something.  It was a confusing, strong and traumatic situation for me.
6	The parents of a friend of mine surprised us and another couple sleeping in thier place.
6	I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
6	At a concert an old man arrived and began to danse, sing and do silly things.
6	I was in a very small class and the professor said something about me that made everyone look at me at the same time.
6	In a very crowded shop I was distracted and missed my turn in the queue.  A woman who was behind me began to shout at me asking me either to pay more attention or to leave.
6	I liked a boy and I would feel shy and then blush.  The more I wanted to avoid it the more I blushed.
6	I was at the University dining room, alone, and at a table next to mine thre were several professors.  One of them asked me to join them.  I refused but she insisted.  All the others started looking at me and I had to move to their table.
6	At the seaside, when a wave suddenly came and took off my bikini.
6	At a meeting with over one hundred people, they decided who had to speak from the stand by drawing lots.
6	When I went to my boyfriend's house for lunch and saw his parents, I felt that they were watching me all the time.
6	I was swimming in the river and I lost the top of my bikini.  I did not notice it and came out of water.  There was a disagreeable classmate watching the scene.
6	When I met a friend of mine after several months.
6	I ride my motorbike in my village and everyone stares at me as if I was a rare specimen.
6	I greeted and embraced the wrong person thinking that it was my friend.
6	I feel this emotion very often when I try to express my feelings in public, because other people do not understand my reactions and think that I am silly.
6	I think that the only time I really felt shame was when I was very young and I had to defecate on the street.  I was very worried in case someone should see me.
6	The mother of a friend of mine passed by me and saw me sitting on a boy's lap.  I tried to greet her but could not help blushing.
6	I was dancing in a theatre.  I was not sure whether some frieends of mine had come to see me.  I was very scared of doing things wrong.
6	When I entered a bar looking for a friend.
6	When the literature teacher made me recite a poem in the middle of the class and I had to gesticulate.
6	I was walking to school and I passed by a red cross post where there were many soldiers.  They began to pass remarks at me.
6	When I was young I was told to to the shop to buy a dozen eggs.  I went and asked for one egg and the people in the shop laughed at me and so did my family when I told them what had happened.
6	One day when I came back home, I found my favourite dish broken.  I blamed the servant for it, later I found out that it was not the servant but my daughter who had broken it.
6	The time I shouted at most of my friends at a party.  It was as if  all my friends had done something wrong, or may be it was the influence of the beer.
6	I was going around with a foreigner's wife and my entire family got to know about it, this was just when I had become a Christian.
6	I got pass marks in the H.S.S compulsory courses while most people performed well.
6	I was with my colleagues and we met an elderly man who was very drunk, as he approached us he started to undress.
6	When I was found urinating, behind a toilet instead of inside it, by my class mates and the teachers.  I was told to pick up my own urine from the wet soil, I did it.
6	When I was taking an exam in grade 5.  The examinator found me with a note-book and accused me of copying, All the students laughed at me.
6	My brother came to see me and found me with a boy friend.  When my boyfriend greeted him, he did not answer and instead started shouting at me and scolding me in the prescence of my boyfriend.
6	When I gave my boyfriend a brush-off.
6	When I got drunk at a party and made a fool of myself by vomitting all over the place and insulting the people who were there with me.
6	When I failed to answer a simple question.
6	I choked on a cold drink in front of girls who were strangers.
6	When five of my friends at the secondary school found out the bad things that I had been saying about them.
6	My mother caught me stealing some food when I was a young boy.
6	When I stole a book in class and the teacher caught me, the rest of the class laughed at my attempt.
6	When a lady I was flirting with told all my class-mates that she was in second year while I was in first year, everyone laughed and started looking at me.
6	This was when I was discovered stealing a piece of bread at home, I was very hungry a few hours before supper.
6	My girlfriend had started going around with another boy.  Her cousin, also a friend of mine, asked her as to who she preferred.  Both of us were present and she chose the other guy.
6	When I received a letter from my girlfriend telling me that she was engaged to an another man.
6	At school - being whipped by the teacher in front of the class.
6	Insulted my girlfriend during a peptalk.
6	I was running in front of a crowd when I slipped and fell on a wet lawn.
6	I had gone to aa bookshop to buy some books.  Somehow, I got very cross with the security guard checking through what I had bought.  I lost my temper and screamed at him.  Later I felt very ashamed at myself as a lot of people I know were there.
6	When someone I know was caught in an \adultery\" situation."
6	When I walked out of my room with only my pants on and found my girlfriend and her female friend looking for me outside.
6	I was double crossing my fiancee and one day she caught me red handed.  She forgave me later.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
6	I was caught stealing food at my aunt's place.  I had tried to hide the food I had taken from the pantry while my aunt was in the kitchen, however she went to the pantry and discovered the stolen package.
6	When I was leaving home I decided to leave without saying good-bye to my young brother.  My brother saw me and said,        \ Will you not say good-bye to me?\"  He is only 31/2 years old. "
6	I insulted the girl to whom I had proposed when she turned me down.
6	I was very drunk at a certain wedding party and I got involved in a fight.
6	I scolded my sister without waiting for her explanation.
6	A patient, to whom I had given a powerful medicine, shouted at me in front of many people.  I realized that he did so because he was very ill.
6	After a jogging session I had severe abdominal cramps and this lead to my wanting to empty my bladder.  My friends gathered around me and two of them had to help me to the toilet.  I was ashamed at having to go to the toilet in the presence of my friends.
6	When I failed my grade 7 exam at the first attempt in 1975.  My father and the entire family thought that I was finished in life.  I really felt like hiding.
6	When a soppy poem that I had written to a boy was found and every one read it and started teasing me about it.
6	When I wet my bed at boarding school.
6	I forgot that the course instructor had directed us to go for special classes after the usual class hours.  I missed this the first day and when he asked me about it the next day I said that I had forgotten.
6	I was ashamed at being the only one to have got a C+ in ED120 assignment.
6	When I failed the grade seven exams.
6	When I got very low marks in one of the assignments.
6	Getting drunk and creating a lot of trouble at a place I respect - my friend's home.
6	I felt ashamed of myself the first time I drank as nobody in the family drinks.  I felt that I had let down my parents and my friends.
6	When I bribed the person who caught me doing something I was not supposed to have done.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
6	My love proposal was turned down by a lady I really loved.
6	I felt ashamed when a friend, I had always respected, insulted me in public.  He was drunk.
6	When I almost did something awful with a friend of mine and myself.
6	When my friend had a child out of wedlock.
6	As a kid my mother caught me stealing sugar and giving it to a neighbour.
6	When my father found me in bed with a girl, we were deep in actioon when he entered the room.
6	My cousin and I were at the farm and at night we drunk like fools and made a lot of noise.  We had drunk two much of wine.
6	When I ate my sister's food and then she found out that it was me.  I felt very ashamed but still refused to admit that it was me.
6	When my dad caught me with a honey (girlfriend) in my bedroom.
6	When I proposed love to a girl and she turned me down.
6	I felt very ashamed at having got a book by force from a girl.
6	We were at a party, this guy I liked and me.  I really loved him and gathered enough courage to ask him to kiss me.  He did not do it but instead asked me what I would like for my birthday.  I told him that I would like a kiss more than anything else but he excused himself and said that it was impossible.  I really felt embarassed.
6	I do not have accomodation on the campus so I stay with my extended family, one young man used bad words while asking me to leave their home.
6	Getting very low marks in mathematics.
6	When I swindled money out of someone.
6	When a woman who I respected very much was made pregnant, unexpectedly by a man of a caliber I never expected.
6	I was ashamed when my friend and I were cross with each other till we apologized to each other.
6	When I failed one of the first year's courses.
6	A few years back I had proposed love to a girl who later turned out to be related to me.  Though we were in love with each other, we both felt ashamed and withdrew from each other.
6	When I told a girl that I could not take her out that night as I was entertaining my mother who had come from home.  However, I later met this girl with another girlfriend at a hostel where I had taken out another girlfriend of mine.
6	When I was taken to the place where my uncle had defecated in his pants after having drunk beer.
6	When I failed grade 7.
6	When I realized that I was pregnant.  I thought about what my relatives and friends would think about me and I felt a lot of self pity.
6	About a dozen girls laughed at me and I was sure that there was nothing wrong with me.
6	When my mum learnt that I had beaten up someone in a fight.
6	I insulted two of my friends because I thought that had been gossiping about me right under my nose, however I later found out that they were not doing so.
6	When I went to the library three weeks after it had opened and found that everyone was busy.
6	I was wearing a slit tight dress at a disco and it burst open.
6	When my younger sister, who was then 16 years old, was pregnant.
6	I took a girl out once and discovered that she was going around with one of my close friends.
6	When I failed the grade 7.
6	When I told a lie to a friend of my sister on April fool's day.  She later came to see me and told me that it was a very foolish thing to do.
6	When I lied to my wife and told her that I was going to the Copperbelt on a buisness trip, she later found me in a hotel with a girlfriend.
6	I took an exam which I failed terribly as I had not studied.
6	The day I learnt that my girlfriend had been going around with  a close friend of mine.
6	When money was stolen from my pocket.
6	When I was in grade one, one day I felt like going to the toilet during class but I was very scared of the teacher so I urinated in the class.
6	I had a feeling of shame when I found myself unable to answer some questions from my tutor simply because of a lack of preparation.
6	On a road trip with a group of sorority and fraternity people, I became intoxicated and basically raped. I don't remember the actual event, but I know the feeling that I experienced later.
6	Every time I was around this one person I would stick my foot in my mouth by being nasty. One time I accidently said something fairly cruel that was totally inappropriate.
6	My third grade teacher caught me cheating on a spelling test. I couldn't spell Australia and she said in a loud voice something like \We don't have cheaters in my class\"."
6	When I just took a shower with a girl down the hall. I felt that I had let my devotion to God go out the window. Although nothig happened I felt ashamed.
6	A friend of mine had said something about not liking to come to my place just before coming to my place.   In the meanwhile I got to learn about this from another friend of mine and when she arrived at my place I really treated her badly.  I was later ashamed of the way I had treated someone when the person was at my place.
6	When I got 1 mark in an Abnormal Psychology exam.
6	During a class I was asked a question which I did not hear very clearly, so I gave an answer which was not related to the question and everyone started laughing at me.
6	[ When I acted against my mind or conscious.]
6	[ Never felt the emotion.]
6	I was misbehaving in the agency.
6	When I blurted out an answer in class without having been asked to do so.  The teacher told me that it was bad manners to do so.
6	When I failed one of the tests because I had not worked hard enough.
6	I was saying bad things about a man I had never seen.  I was with a friend and did not know that she was related to this man.  My friend did not tell me about it and I discovered this myself.
6	When my first sexual intercourse turned out to be a flop.  I was in a panic and ended up without an erection.
6	I was about to share lunch with my aunt's husband when she told me that I would have to wait and eat with my cousins.
6	I had a misunderstanding with my father and after some time I found that I had been wrong.
6	When I bought new clothes and put them on.
6	When I did not inform my friends of my forthcoming birthday.
6	When the brother-in-law of a girlfriend of mine found us in a bedroom with clothes and panties spread all over the place.
6	When I did not do well in the PG310 test I, I got only 4 marks above the pass marks despite my effort.  I felt bad because quite a number of friends did better.
6	When I blamed my failure to the bias and favouritism in the        marking system, in fact I had not worked hard enough.
6	When my darling found me walking hand in hand with another girl whom I loved also.
6	When I had to walk home from the bus-stop in a skirt that I had soiled.  It drew a lot of attention and they all seemed to want to see the blood stains.
6	When I did something naughty and it lead to the embarrassment of my parents.
6	One morning after breakfast I was still not satisfied.  My nephew (a small boy of 2) had not eaten his breakfast and just when I was taking a bit of his share someone walked in.
6	When my sister became pregnant at UNZA last year.
6	When I contacted a sexually transmitted disease and the lecturer came to know about it as it was he who treated me for it.
6	When I failed the grade seven exams.
6	When my cousin's wife refused him sex and claimed that she was my girllfriend.  I think that there is something wrong with the woman as I have never even thought of having sex with her.
6	As a young girl in form I, I wet my bed one day at the boarding school and many girls came to see the person who had done it as I had to take my mattress out that day.
6	When I was hungry, I tried to take the money that my mother had saved up for something else.
6	During my childhood I once lied and my sister found out.
6	Lying to my cousin about the form five examination fees.
6	[ I feel shame when I do not arrive on time and others have to wait for me for a long time.]
6	[ I have not felt this emotion in my life.]
6	When an intimate friend of mine passed B.A with first class and I got only pass class.
6	Failing in the English language exam.
6	My article not chosen by the college newspaper
6	Meeting other friends who got in the good universities.
6	Not chosen for all English classes.
6	Not doing well in the examn.
6	Failing an examn.
6	Failing an examn.
6	Not being able to hand in homework in time.
6	When I was caught with someone's daughter.
6	I told a lie about someone to someone else and they found out   and questioned me about it.
6	I was complaining about calling people whom I didn't know. I forgot that the purpose is to invite people for dinner and get to know them.
6	After the car accident in GUILT.
6	I felt shame when I saw someone I knew and pretended not to see her. Later she saw me and said hi.
6	I borrowed a gold bracelet without the girl's knowledge. I had it for so long I had to keep it. To this day I feel ashamed at myself for having it. I never wear the thing anymore.
6	Since I've been here I haven't written to any of my relatives. I got a letter from my mom telling me how upset my grandparents are from not hearing from me.
6	I was wearing a short skirt one day and someone told me my underwear was showing.
6	One night a friend found out that I dumped one girl for another and he proceded to lecture me.
6	I took my math midterm and got it back the following Wednesday in class. It was a totally low grade.
6	When given responsibility to grade papers in elementary school, I cheated a little and graded my own higher.
6	When I sat in the wrong discussion section in the beginning of the semester. I insisted on being in the right section and the TA's list should have included my name. When I found out that I was in the wrong, I apologized, turned red and left.
6	When I purposely locked my babysitter out of the house at age 4 because I DIDN'T LIKE HER.
6	When I get an exam back with a grade that I did not desire. Then I get mad at myself and say that I could have done better.
6	I was angry about 3 months ago and I kicked backwards against the wall. It caved in and so I had to show it to my parents. I had been angry after my mother said something to me about not being able to find clothes in my size - something that I'm sensitive about. (6' 5'' 210)
6	When I lied to my best friend about a boy she really liked but he didn't like her. I told her he did and she bugged him for a long time embarrassing herself.
6	Not doing my share of the work for the house job.
6	My grand father caught me eating his private jelly bean supply.
6	When I found out my roommate had been talking behind my back about very personal things.
6	Lying to my grandparents about visiting my boyfriend in Chico.
6	When I was 10, I got busted for stealing a candy-bar.
6	My boat didn't win a race which we were favored to win.
6	Recently, some friends and I had too much to drink while on a foot-ball road trip to USC. We trashed our hotel room and I felt ashamed when the maid walked in the next morning.
6	I slipped on butter one evening in the Dining Commons landed on my rear causing my tray also to land on the floor.
6	A month ago I turned in an English paper in late after I had already had a previous paper late and promised not to do it again.
6	When I failed some tests my first year at CAL.
6	I made an unkind remark about the ethnicity of some friends without realizing it.
6	When I did poorly on a test and I knew that there wasn't an excuse for not doing better. Made mistakes I could not believe I made.
6	When I had not been accepted to a college which I dreamed of going to. I felt that I had let myself and my parents down.
6	The first time I slept at my boyfriends house and had to walk down the hall to the shower in front of his housemates. I felt they were judging me.
6	I had just masterbated with another boy.
6	Fooling around with this guy I did not know.
6	I bought a possible answer to a homework problem which was completely inapplicable to the question due to my not having read about the subject matter.
6	Doing poorly on an exam that I thought I should do well.
6	The people on my floor last year were very close. This year 4 of our best friends live together in an apartment. My boyfriend and I dropped by on one of their birthdays and stayed for dinner. Two other people had already been invited and I felt uncomfortable and unwanted. Then I realized I was the one who always called them and they rarely call me.
6	Defying my parents and staying out all night when I wasn't supposed to.
6	Caught lying to my father about a speeding ticket I had received.
6	After a big fight with my parents.
6	I went to bed with a girl and the next day she thought it was the start of something serious and I just thought it was fun and I told her I wasn't interested in starting a serious relationship.
6	NO RESPONSE
6	I borrowed $ 20.00 from a friend and paid him back much later than I had originally intended.
6	I wanted my boyfriend to stay when he didn't. He stayed but when he left I felt ashamed because I should have let him leave when he wanted. I was too selfish.
6	I could have died when I was caught cheating on a test in high school. That was my first and last time.
6	I was supposed to go out with my girlfriend one Saturday night, but I got really drunk with some friends earlier that afternoon and evening. So, I totally forgot about going out with my girlfriend. She showed up the next day, and that was when I remembered.
6	After taking a difficult midterm for one of my classes, I felt shame for not studying as much as I should have. I was ashamed of the results of the midterm.
6	I had a test in the class and I had not adequately prepared myself. I didn't fare so well on the exam and I felt bad about it.
6	I tried after months to begin talking to my boyfriend again. He ignored me. I felt I had lowered my pride and became his \doormat\"."
6	When I dated my friend's boyfriend after they had broken up.
6	The fact that I was pregnant. I was always considered level headed and did not have sex until 18 and out of high school.
6	The same for guilt would apply.
6	I came home from school very keyed up. At the dinner table I unfortunately unloaded a lot of my hostility off on one of my parents. I'm ashamed that I didn't dispate and control these feelings before coming to the table or even let the energy build up in the first place.
6	When I was small, I would always fight with my younger sister and one time I hit her and knocked the wind out of her. I felt real bad about it.
6	I felt ashamed when I was confronted by a teaching assistant that a close friend and I were accused of cheating on a math exam.
6	My grades. When my parents say, \How are you doing at school, á|getting good grades ?\" I say, \"Great, just fine !\" Actually, I á|feel ashamed about myself."
6	Arguing with a friend over politics. She was more informed on the issues and made me feel very ashamed of my political ignorance.
6	Getting a low grade on a midterm.
6	I felt this when I was copying homework for one of my classes.
6	I was supposed to do something and didn't. The person was really dependiong on me.
6	I did bad on a test I didn't study for.
6	When I failed the S.S.C examination I felt very ashamed.
6	I had a habit of wetting my bed when I was young.  One day, when I was invited to my friend's place to stay for the night, it happened again.  I was ashamed of myself.
6	When the teacher asked me a question in class, concerning something I had read earlier, and I did not know the answer, so I felt ashamed in front of the whole class.
6	[ I have never felt this emotion.]
6	I had always been first in my class and in the preliminary board exams I scored the highest marks.  Then the exams were postponed and I neglected my studies as I was confident.  However when the final results came out I felt ashamed as I had scored less than 60% marks and my rank in the class was fifth or sixth.
6	[ I have never felt this emotion.]
6	I felt ashamed when I had not attended a class and the teacher asked me the reason for my absence.
6	When I failed the ninth standard exam in school.
6	Whenever I am late, I feel ashamed of myself even though no one tells me anything.
6	When I failed the twelveth standard exams I was ashamed at having to see my parents later.
6	When I failed the M.S.C exam.
6	When I got 1/2 out of 15 in Abnormal Psychology I felt ashamed.
6	One day in the TYBA class the teacher asked me a very simple question which I could not answer.  Finally the teacher himself gave us the answer and my friends started laughing at me as I had not been able to answer a simple question.  I knew the answer but feared that my response may be wrong.  All this made me feel ashamed of myself.
6	When some of my close friends and colleagues talk about me and my work and say that I am the brightest student of the college.
6	As part of the assessment I had to speak on a subject in front of the class. I was not really prepared and I was just reading the stuff I had on a piece of paper, when some of the students  asked me something I could not give them an answer.  I felt ashamed as I had not prepared the topic.
6	I was ashamed at myself for having shouted at my daughter because of my marital break-up and the unfair way I was treated.
6	Every time I do not write something well in English.
6	When I could not pass my exams with good marks.  My wedding was to take place 15 days after the exams and I tried to convince myself that this was the reason for my not having done well.   However, I thought that had I really put my mind to doing well at the exams I would have done well.
6	The first time that I had to go up on the stage to give a speech.
6	I got into a tight pair of trousers and examined myself in the mirror.  My back looked unpresentable and I felt ashamed at my wanting to wear those clothes that day.  I quickly changed into another dress.
6	I felt ashamed when I fought with my mother on some issue, and caused her trouble.
6	When my co-resident opened the bathroom door while I was bathing inside.
6	[ No response.]
6	When I broke-down while seeing off my friend.
6	[ I have felt shame but am unable to remember any particular incident.]
6	One day I addressed my husband in an abusive manner in front of his friends.  Later on I realized this myself and felt ashamed of myself.
6	I remember that once, a friend did not co-operate with me due to some unavoidable reasons.  Unaware of this I treated her unjustly till I realized everything, and then I felt ashamad of my deeds.
6	[ ....has not really happened.]
6	This is an event I will never forget.  I am considered a good mimic.  This particular day we were waiting for a professor to take her class.  This  professor had a peculiar accent and a very horrible way of lecturing and to top it all we had this class at the fag end of the day.  So this particular day I got into my element and started imitating the professor, and the professor entered the class right in the middle of it .  I was unaware of her presence, some of my friends tried to warn me but it was of no avail as I was too engrossed in mimicing.  Then I suddenly noticed the silence and turned around to see her entering the class.  I do not know till today if she actually saw what I had been doing or she had completely ignored it.  Through  out that lecture I died of shame.  All the more shameful was the fact that she gave me a character certificate.
6	I was learning judo and my instructor wanted me to assist him in teaching girls judo at a suburban college.  I was just a beginer, and he made me a green belt so that I would be able to command respect.  This was against my principles, and yet I allowed myself to listen to him.  I gave it up soon after, however I felt very ashamed at not sticking to my principles and at not having put my foot down earlier.
6	[ No response.]
6	I feel ashamed at the fact that even after 35 years of independence   70% of the Indian poulation is still below the poverty line.
6	I had this feeling before my graduation and never dared to speak to my relatives and  friends.  Because of this feeling I would avoid situations, however I do not know the reason for this.
6	Some time back I had signed a letter which I had not read.  What had happened is that something had been written against my friend and this went to the higher authorities.  My friend asked me  -\you also signed ?\"   "
6	When I realized that I belonged to a country which is amongst the poorest in the world and that inspite of having the resources we do not utilize them.  I was ashamed at myself and my country, shame at the lack of parity between the lifestyles of the citizens.
6	I always feel ashamed when I do not succeed in accomplishing something in which I had put in all my efforts.
6	[ No response.]
6	I had reacted angrily at a friend for no fault of his.  I had raised my voice and had not cared for his opinion.
6	Yesterday while playing volley ball, there was one person extra    and somebody had to out.  A mess worker and I were the  last ones to arrive and we had arrived at the same time.  Rightfully one of us had to opt out of the game, as I was delaying leaving the mess worker opted out saying that I should play.  I felt ashamed of myself.
6	When I was detained one day in school, by the vice-principal, for indiscipline.
6	A few months back I had gone to my friend's place and they offered me tea and coffee.  I do not have the habit of drinking tea or coffee and so they offered me a glass of milk instead, so I felt ashamed.
6	[ Never experienced.]
6	My teacher asked me a question which I failed to answer and I was told to stay behind after the class and give the answer after studying it from a book.
6	When I was 12 years old I was caught by the Ticket Collector when travelling without a ticket.
6	When I was in the 12th standard, I could not speak English.  One day, while  talking with my relatives I used a wrong word and  my cousin corrected me, believing that I did not know English.  I really felt ashamed then.á
6	Once I had torn a few pages off a library book and I felt ashamed at this.
6	The day my fiancee told me that it was bad that I could not write my mother tongue.
6	[ I was not, I am not, I will never ever feel ashamed of myself for something I have done.]
6	Truely, I got very ashamed when my brother was sent out of Business Machines Limited Company due to improper handling of the office equipment in Sales Services.
6	When I was young I was playing football near my parent's house and while playing I fell on the ground. At first I thought I was not seen by anybody, but when my mother laughed I felt very ashamed.
6	I once felt shame when I failed to fulfil the promise to marry a daughter of a certain gentleman.
6	When I had not done well in Geography at my MCE I was expected to get more than I did.
6	Teacher suspected me stealing money.
6	Not collecting homeworks in time to give the teacher.
6	Swearing in public.
6	China cannot give your lectures bigger place and sound system.
6	Failed to recagnize a friend on the street.
6	Talking to friends about how old you are and we cannot be as successful as you at your age.
6	Saw something stupid and ignorant happening in the countryside.
6	There is one thing which makes me feel shameful,  when I see friends of my age group working and earning a lot, when I am still studying.  A friend I met a week ago after a period of 5 years is earning more than Rs 3000/ month.
6	When I had insulted my father two years back, at that time I was very angry due to some reasons.
6	When I was not in a position to control myself.  I had said too much and had been cruel with no other than my mother.
6	When I had been angry at my friend without any reason.
6	[ Sorry, I was never ashamed about anything in my life.]
6	I was ashamed at myself when I saw that the other boys and girls   of my age earn a lot of money by doing very good and hard work.
6	When I was teasing a girl, who turned out to be my brother's dame.
6	I had written a \love-letter\" to a class-mate of mine, this was á|meant to be a joke.  Unfortunately it fell in the wrong hands  á|and I had to face the consequences."
6	[ I am quite shameless, not applicable.]
6	[ No response.]
6	[ Do not remember any incident.]
6	I felt the above condition when I was found in a house playing with another man's wife where I was asked questions and I was unable to answer.
6	It was my father's birthday party when I was asked to bring a tray of tea and other drinks.
6	An out-patient asked me to read for him a certain prescription but I was unable to do so. The patient was dissappointed and lost hope in me.
6	It was last week on Sunday that I was walking with my girlfriend along Kawale road going to town so I tried to stop a car for a lift and the driver didn't stop and I felt shame because people were looking at us.
6	It was a shameful moment when I heard that I had failed my Primary School leaving Certificate Exam in 1978. My girlfriend was there when the news was released.
6	I remember when I was in Standard 6, I failed one of the terminal tests and I told my parents that I had passed but after they found out from the class teacher that I had failed, I was proved a liar.
6	The shame came when I was beaten by my teacher at school in front of boys and girls some of whom were my friends and a girlfriend apart from being classmates.
6	This situation happened when I was found kissing a girl who was my friend's girlfriend.
6	When I broke a tea saucer. I felt ashamed. This was during the birthday of my girlfriend.
6	I had a girlfriend in the same class I was. I did not do well in my Exams, but she did satisfactorily well and was taken into another class leaving me behind.
6	I was ashamed when my classmates discovered that I fell in love with an uneducated girl.
6	I once proposed my own niece whom I did not know but I discovered after she was my girlfriend.
6	When I first failed my standard 8 exams for the first attempt for Form I selection.
6	I experienced shame when I failed to keep a promise to meet my friend at the bus depot. He later came and asked me why I had not turned up.
6	I was ashamed when a certain friend of mine I used to move with failed to propose to a lady yet we always said to ourselves no lady can refuse our proposal.
6	One day mother slaughtered a chicken for a brother who had come back for holiday. In everybody's absence I opened the foodstore and ate all internal organs of the chicken. When mother discovered, we were all called and I was found with hands stained with soup. I was ashamed being the eldest of all in the family.
6	I was ashamed one day when we were found stealing and roasting maize cobs from Agricultural experimental projects.
6	One day I was with my girlfriend and other friends were behind us, I fell down because the place was slippery and I really felt ashamed.
6	When parents of a certain girl refused to let me marry their daughter because I was not fit to do so yet the girl accepted everything and later she followed what her parents insisted and she told me never to talk to her again.
6	This was when one of the Clinical officers scolded us in the hospital on how to make beds but we did not deserve to be scolded.
6	I was very ashamed when I was neglected by a certain friend whom I was thinking loved me very much.
6	It was when my father caught me with a girl in dark corners and asked me what I was doing there.
6	I was in my room, I just heard that my Uncle had been caught in somebody's house with somebody's wife. He had to appear in court. I went to see what would happen to him.
6	When a certain girl I believed to be my life partner refused an engagement.
6	One day I went for a bath. I took off my clothes and as soon as I had finished my brother came in. I felt sad and I found no reason why he came in.
6	It was when we were beaten or lost the football match by 5-1 and then I scored the third goal to my own side.
6	In our class we had a test on Nursing, so a friend from the Army was caught peeping, by using a paper which had already answers which was written by him. So all of us from the Army got ashamed.
6	In 1972 I failed my Examination because of my own crooky behaviour of dodging from Examinations.
6	Soiled my short trousers with faeces.
6	At one occasion I was ashamed of being refused after a proposal for a friendship with a certain girl. I was ashamed because she refused publically in the presence of my fellow friends.
6	News was spread that I had been found doing sexual intercourse with a small girl. At first this annoyed me but later on I became ashamed because many people seemed to believe it.
6	I answered a certain question from Dr. Maqgda wrongly. She asked something about Femur and my answer was saying something concerning the brain. So I was very ashamed amongst my friends.
6	I had high-heeled shoes one time, but a certain girl who saw the shoes told me that they were out of fashion and I looked as an old man when I was in those shoes.
6	I was very much ashamed after a friend beat me at school and I was defeated.
6	When someone pointed out that I was proud, yet I didn't dress up properly. This was when I and my friend went for a dnce one Saturday.
6	I felt shame when I was asked by my cousin that I promised to buy her a birthday present but I didn't buy it for her in front of friends.
6	I met a woman who was looking for our house. She stopped me but I ran away. When I arrived at home I found the same woman and she told my parents what had happened so I felt ashamed.
6	One day I was supposed to go to a movie with my boyfriend. In the morning I went to see my Auntie and I didn't come back up to evening.
6	When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
6	When I failed my Primary school leaving Examinations. I never thought I would fail. When I heard I had failed I really felt ashamed of myself.
6	I was ashamed with my biology lecturer when he asked me a question and I could not answer it.
6	I felt ashamed when my lecturer said in class that I happened to be the dullest of all.
6	When I failed Psychology examination when most of the students passed.
6	I had been telling lies and people discovered instantly that I was telling lies. I felt very shameful and I felt like disappearing from people.
6	We were writing Primary school leaving Examinations when I had fallen at the steps going into the Exam room.
6	A friend of mine was shouting at me in a group of juniors.
6	I felt ashamed one day when my teacher shouted at me in the presence of my boyfriend.
6	I was ashamed of being laughed at by my colleagues when I failed to answer a question in the classroom.
6	I was ashamed when my boyfriend went to sit with another girl when he invited me to come to watch Drama festival.
6	I was ashamed when I was being introduced to the church congregation.
6	My father who is very quiet discovered I was going out with a coloured boy. He called me names and was really upset.
6	I was ashamed when I got the lowest result (mark) in class. All the same I didn't worry too much because I knew I would have got much better if I had read enough.
6	I failed my Nutrition paper which was the paper ending the course.
6	I was walking one day and I met a man who wanted to ask me about my brother but I didn't stop to hear what he was saying. I was ashamed when I found him at home and he told my brother what had happened.
6	I was once chatting with friends. Then some boys came and joined us. These boys took all my 3 friends away and I was left alone in shame without knowing where to go from there.
6	I insulted my friend for a small reason and after time I realised that I was wrong and felt ashamed; everytime I meet her I feel ashamed.
6	When I refused to fetch water for my aunty while she was busy.
6	I was very ashamed when I failed a test in Standard 7. The teacher told the other students to shout and laugh at me.
6	When I wet my head (or bed ?) one day my sister discovered it and reported it to the other siblings. So my mother had to scold me.
6	I wore a dirty dress a certain day I was going to town I met an old friend who made a comment about my dress so I felt ashamed.
6	I was really shameful when my mother beat me in the presence of my friends because I didn't cook lunch up until 2 o'clock.
6	I was ashamed to tell my mother that I fell down with a bicycle.
6	When a certain drunk man slapped my buttocks when I was quietly standing waiting for a bus.
6	I was the last among the list of failures in my class of Biology.
6	Sometime back I was coming from the wards and lice were all over my uniform since patient's blankets have a lot of lice. It happened that my boyfriend picked some lice from my white uniform. I was so ashamed.
6	I flet shameful when I learnt that I cooked Nsima which was full of lamps in it.
6	I fell off a bike in the presence of a lot of people.
6	I just opened the bathroom without knocking not knowing that someone was bathing inside, it happened to be my father.
6	Did not finish homework.
6	Did not finish homework.
6	Saw the film about Eight Nations Army conquering Beijing.
6	Not having good marks like other people for homeworks.
6	Found out that I am not good at football.
6	My sister was afraid of her husband.
6	Sitting on the bus seats supposed for disabled people, children and old people (by mistake)
6	Not quick enough to help the lectors to catty things for the lecture.
6	Failing an examn.
6	Zhu Jianhau did not break the world record for China.
6	Not being able to be selected for the dancing team.
6	Not brave enough to take up a challenge in a group discussion.
6	Not being able to have a party at home with friends.
6	Being rude to somebody who was impolite to me.
6	Arguing about price with private shop-assistant.
6	Insulted by somebody.
6	Finding out from this lecture that China is backward in psychology.
6	Had to tell people that my parents are divorced.
6	After shouting at a friend.
6	China cannot let you give more lectures because you are needed in the specialist clinics. We are so backward in medicine.
6	Failing in an examn.
6	Failing in an examn because of lazyness.
6	Watching TV about china is behind in winning gold medals.
6	Failing university entrance examn.
6	Finding out that the university police was afraid to stop the foreign students playing loud music (China's shame).
6	Not being able to argue against class leaders.
6	Being insulted in public.
6	Failing an examn because I did not work hard enough.
6	Running away from a fire.
6	Went to a lecture about Chinese history and hear about the Opium War.
6	Insulted by a teacher in front of the class.
6	Finding out about Chinese money cannot buy foreign journals.
6	Saw a beggar on the street (China still so poor).
6	China cannot buy your reference.
6	Telling a lie.
6	Criticized in front of the class.
6	Not finishing my duty as a class leader.
6	Not finishing homework.
6	My father insulted by other people.
6	Not doing well in the examn.
6	My sister said I am not a stable person, and I think she is right.
6	When the class leader read out the names of those chosen for the English lecture and I was not on the list.
6	People impolite with me because I did not get a good report.
6	Not doing well in the examn.
6	Insulted by a woman in public.
6	Insulted by classmate in public.
6	Failed in a piblic argument.
6	Finding out that China is backward in science.
6	Not being able to answer question in a seminar.
6	I am chosen for the English lectures instead of my good friend and people told me that girls are more likely to be chosen.
6	Not doing well in the examn.
6	Saw on TV China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.
6	Being criticized by teacher in public.
6	China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.
6	Not doing well in an examn which was easy.
6	Not doing well in examns which I should do well (English examns).
6	China not doing well in the Asian Olympic games.
6	Finding out that China does not have enough foreign currency to buy books.
6	Finding out that I was deceived by my friend.
6	Finding out China is backward in science.
6	Being sexually assulted in public.
6	Criticized by a teacher in public.
6	First time going out with a boy and other people laughed at us.
6	Ctiticized by teachers in public.
6	I had obviously done the work badly but my class-mates of the student's association did not blame me, they helped me do the work.
6	In the compartment of a public transport railway, I did not give my seat to an old man who was standing near me.  It was another teenager who did so.
6	I did badly in the mid term examination.
6	In an examination ,which other students found easy I could hardly think and did not know what to answer.
6	When I was in the canteen of the United college I mistook a stranger for a classmate as I was not wearing my glasses.  I realized that I had made this mistake when I saw him again carefully.
6	My companion admired me when I did some work voluntarily.
6	When the teacher asked me a question, I did not know the answer and I just stood still for about a few minutes without saying a word.
6	During the lesson the teacher called me and asked me if I had reported that I was late.  I pretended that I had but looking at her eyes I knew that she knew that I was lying.  I thought that it was really bad luck that she had examined the list of the students who were late.
6	While dining with some accquaintances I was asked something which I should have known but I did not know.
6	I saw a bag on the street and just then a stranger passed by.  I picked up the bag immediately and gave it to the stranger as I thought that it belonged to him.  But it was not his bag and I felt ashamed.
6	[ No response.]
6	During a lecture six students (including me) were asked to leave the class as we had not prepared for the lesson.  I felt ashamed and angry.
6	Our teacher had invited us to lunch and once at the canteen we started introducing ourselves.  Two of the boys showed a lot of interest in knowing personal details and then they started talking about some activities held in the college.  I had little interest in those activities so I talked to another student sitting next to me as I was afraid that they would ask me questions on those activities.
6	Acting in a play at the orientation camp made me feel timid.
6	When we received  our academic result I learnt that my  results were bad as I had not done my best.  The results of my accquaintances were good and when they asked me about my results I really did not want to answer.
6	After I had given the wrong answer to my students they pointed it out to me and I had to correct myself.
6	When I was young my mother told the neighbour that I had wet the bed.  I felt ashamed thinking that the neighbour's children would get to know about it.
6	I had lunch in a restaurant with a friend and I paid the bill.  The change was that of a two dollar and a ten cent coin.  As I was talking with my friend I took the two dollar coin and forgot to leave a tip.
6	I received the results of the test paper of my major subject and I found that my result was not as good as a classmate who had recently changed his major subject.    I felt very ashamed.
6	I lost my temper at my mother while she was teaching me.  I felt ashamed and sorry at having hurt my loving mother.
6	During a meeting I said something wrong and the others laughed at me.
6	My teacher said that being university studets we did not have any self-initiative or self-control.
6	I promised a friend that I would return a book to it's owner for him , but I forgot to do it.
6	When I was doing my homework at home, some relatives came and advised me to help my mother do the house-work.
6	During a meeting.
6	I could not finish my homework on time.
6	I had something wrong, saying wrong things and being impolite to someone, and this had embarrassed the this person.  And I still meet the person.
6	Once my presentation was the worst among my classmates as I had not prepared it well and had not seen it as important.  My presentation was so confused that it clearly showed my poor preparation.
6	Once in primary five, I had forgotten to take a book to class and the teacher punished me by asking me to stand at the back of the class.  I thought about the way my mother would react if she saw me being punished.  My mother was very good to me and though she did not see me punished, I felt sorry for her.
6	In a Christian gathering's lucky draw I mistook a girl's name for mine (a boy's name).  I realized my mistake only when I went up to the stage for the prize.  I did not know what to do as everyone was looking at me.  I blushed and went back to my seat.
6	One day, when I was sitting on the bus, there was an old woman standing beside me.  I was very tired and sleepy and did not think of giving her my seat.  A 50 year old woman who was sitting beside me got up and gave her seat to the old woman and said,  \ Old woman, please take my seat, the youngstters these days are á|not used to giving their seats to others.\"  When I heard these á|words I was very ashamed of myself and wanted to get off the bus á|at once.  "
6	When I was emotionally unstable I said things which may have hurt others or made them feel unhappy.  When I calmed down I realized that I had been selfish and had not taken into consideration the feelings of others.  Then I felt ashamed as someone pointed out my behaviour to me.
6	When I was young I felt ashamed when our relatives visited us and I hid myself.
6	One day I felt dizzy during a lecture.  When the lecturer asked us as to who had heard the fairy tale - I was the only one who put up his hand and this surprised the whole class.
6	It was discovered that I had received a warning letter as my G.P.A was very low.
6	During an informal discussion I contributed a lot even though I had not spent much time studying.  Whenever someone said that someone was not paying attention, or that he had too many other things to do, or that the persoon was not trying his best, I would feel ashamed.
6	On Christmas eve I went to a classmate's home with other classmates.  The next morning when I came out of the toilet she said something and I did not understand what she was saying.  When she pointed at my trousers I discovered that I had forgotten to zip them up.  I rushed back to the toilet but by the time the others had guessed what had happened.
6	I felt shame when I found that I was almost last in the exam.
6	I misunderstood a girl and thought that she loved me.  One day when I was talking to her, her boyfriend appeared and I felt ashamed.
6	When I was in F4 I led my class to a riot.  However the form master said that my conduct was good and asked me to tell him the names of those who had taken part in it.   I replied that I did not know.
6	My guilty behaviour was found out by others.
6	One day I was the leader of the weekly meeting of the Church fellowship.  That day I had been preparing for the exams and did not estimate the time to travel to the church right and I was twenty minutes late.  As I had not prepared well I led the meeting badly.  I was ashamed of myself.
6	During the English lesson we were required to do a play.  A few days after doing it the teacher asked us to do it again at a meeting  and I forgot my part.
6	When I was in lower six I joined an interview group to interview the general public.  One of my friends in the group lost her purse and she was very nervous.  Five of us had to go another place so we left her, and planned to see her later.  Then I heard her describing how her purse looked.  I realized that I had seen her purse on the floor and had not wanted to do any thing about it.
6	A few days back I had a tutorial class and the teacher randomly assigned one person in each group to make a presentation.  The discussion in our group had been confused and the presentation was not very well prepared.  Unfortunately I was selected to present and I could not keep calm, was confused and result was very poor.  I really felt ashamed.
6	My teacher reminded us not to do a Summer job, however I did it for two months.  Yesterday I was chatting with my teacher and when we talked of the Summer job, I felt ashamed.
6	One rainy day when the streets were wet, and as I was walking down a slope, I fell down out of my carelessness.  There were many people and they saw me, so I felt ashamesd.  Moreover I hurt my ankle and it was painful.
6	When I was in a bus on my way to the examination centre, a man    sitting opposite me kept looking at me continously.  I did not know  what was wrong.  When I reached the  centre I started strolling around  as I still had a little time.  Suddenly a man came and whispered \You  á|have forgotten to zip up your trousers.\"  I was at a loss to say anything  á|and I felt very embarrassed.  When I thought of the bus incident I felt  á|even more ashamed."
6	When I asked my classmate to teach me to do my homework, he asked me to study by myself first but I did not do it.  When he asked me  if I had studied, I felt very ashamed.
6	Once a female classmate told me that the clothes I wore seemed to be a child's clothes.  On hearing this I felt a little ashamed and I criticized her clothes though there was nothing wrong with them.
6	I forgot to zip up my trousers, this was not noticed by anyone.
6	Being unable to stop urinating on the bus.
6	My friend had many female friends and I thought that they were his lovers.  I would scold him but he did not accept my advice.  Later I learnt from his girlfriends that this was not true.  I felt ashamed at having misunderstood him.
6	Last Summer I went camping with some C.U students.  As I was working then, I had to leave the second night (some of them had joined us the first night).  Next morning, 6 o'clock, a female classmate knocked on our door and tried to wake us up.  I was not fully conscious and I said something which I should not have.  I realized the trouble I had made and wanted to hide.  Later I said sorry to her and the matter came to an end.
6	I did not do the homework that the teacher had asked us to do.  I was scolded immediately.
0	When I got separated from my first love.
0	The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well as her family etc.
0	When I saw my niece (5 yrs) crying in the hallway for her mother who had passed away about a month ago.
0	Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square. Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I went into the role of a performing clown.
0	When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust saddned me.
0	My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - \Lord Grey\" died in his sleep - His á|death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought."
0	When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning.
0	I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole new set of friends, leaving them at the airport was sad and traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I wouldn't see many of them again.
0	When my grandmother, who has been living with us for 14 years, had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes me feel really sad.
0	So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home - especially my family - forever.
0	When my sister (really my niece) died of cancer at the age of 2 yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he diagnosed it.
0	This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I thought about what had happened.
0	When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself.
0	My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two days after.
0	After my father died suddenly of a heart attack.
0	The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed, hitch-hiking to work.
0	Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.
0	When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers - no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be sitting in the \lliving\" room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I á|felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't."
0	When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal feelings and then days later changed her mind.
0	The death of an animal we had reared.
0	My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down - no one else there to do it.
0	My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail.
0	Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas, sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.
0	Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 others.
0	Death of brother.
0	My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and partly I think, due to the fact that I couldn't/didn't cry.
0	I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing regatta we'd won. 5 others were in the car. I thought I'd never be able to row again.
0	When my mother died.
0	I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.
0	Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain papers.
0	When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I was unable to see this person because of the situation.
0	At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral.
0	On rising. No apparent reason.
0	When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35.
0	My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent time in hospital being opened and closed many times.
0	When grandfather died.
0	Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period. Farewell scene at airport.
0	Watching suffering in Third World country.
0	My cat died painfully and slowly.
0	While still at school a friend died of cancer, after being ill for a long time, she was 17 yrs old.
0	When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely person and I did not have the means for his company.
0	When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged - although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might one day reconcile.
0	This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was \TRUE LOVE\" !!"
0	I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases.
0	When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive, but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.
0	A) A documentary in which baby fur seals were being clubbed/spiked to death by Canadian seal-hunters. Brutally graphic. B) Description of a disfigured orphaned child in Hiroshima calling for her mother.
0	My father recently having a heart attack - spending a few months in hospital.
0	Caused a family disturbance.
0	Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told the group around us of advances I had made.
0	Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing.
0	A person I really like left for overseas for a few months, I had hoped to go out with her soon.
0	When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major operation and I couldn't see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in N.Z.
0	At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.
0	At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.
0	When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother that is).
0	When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the funeral: I sat on the table and cried.
0	When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up.
0	It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons. Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.
0	My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship.
0	I was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship.
0	Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my friend was.
0	Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.
0	When they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge.
0	[ The same as in guilt.]
0	The day I left my first girlfriend.
0	I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend.
0	When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One morning I found it dead.
0	I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn't like it and reproached me to be a \subversive element\". Later on she stated á|that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted á|from colouring my hair."
0	When my grandmother died, her life was heavy and her last hours were terrible.
0	I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences, after having spend two weeks there with my friends.
0	When my last relation broke up.
0	My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk.
0	My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was hemi-paralyzed and suffered an aphasia.
0	I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared everything and all this was finished.
0	My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied that he loved that girl more than he loved me.
0	I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any longer. I do not regret it, but I missed my little sister very much (and she missed me). These feelings wear off over time.
0	The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).
0	When a friend died.
0	When a close friend took leave of me, because she went to Israel for one year.
0	I was together with my family one night, a few days after my father had died, during that conversation I expressed my displeasure because nobody understands me.
0	When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started using them again.á
0	Watching a football game. This remindes me of the time when my father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together.
0	A younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma).
0	During the funeral of my grandmother, when I saw my mother and other family members crying.
0	My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic Hospital, then he died.
0	When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing our relationship.
0	I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place. No study, no work, only loneliness.
0	When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and probably would die. We had not expected this because he was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn, gave him medicines during the night.
0	I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They try to repress it.
0	When I failed the grade seven examination.
0	When my father passed away in 1978.  I was left alone with my mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt, who is very short tempered, till my mother was discharged from the hospital.
0	My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments.  I was very sad when I learnt this.
0	When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time that someone so close to me had died.
0	When an uncle of mine, who was close to me, passed away after having had a stroke, before his first daughter could be named.
0	My fiancT left me for my best friend.
0	The dying of a close member of the family.
0	I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish that training.
0	Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while I thought she was in love with me.
0	I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the subject in this manner I will not attain this.
0	An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.
0	When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease.
0	Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with another boyfriend.
0	When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage.
0	My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few months ago. This made me very sad.
0	When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much sorrow for the other one and myself (\although it was the best á|solution\")."
0	My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet frequently anymore.
0	The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt the other person very much.
0	When the mother of a good friend of mine died.
0	A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense feeling of sadness.
0	My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't succeed a years-course.
0	The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the moment of dying I was with her.
0	I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.
0	A sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend.
0	I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this.
0	When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.
0	A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I didn't know what to do and thought about it the whole day.
0	When my gradmother died.  I felt very sad then ... The feeling started to be worse after a while.
0	I hadn't been at my parent's place for a long time. When I went to visit them I had high expectations, but when I was there it was very different from what I expected.
0	There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me, but I felt very lonely.
0	When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as most people in my surroundings.
0	I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel.
0	When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation.
0	When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship.
0	I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because of my boyfriend.
0	I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide.
0	Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few days. There was nothing I liked in that period.
0	We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an injection).
0	When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).
0	My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years. His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).
0	One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad.
0	My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct. I had done things with the best intentions.
0	I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason, they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could manage things.
0	I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt myself very unhappy for a long time.
0	When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC.
0	When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final.
0	I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less good time.
0	When I had an argument with a friend.
0	A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number.
0	The death of a friend.
0	When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three years.
0	When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded jealousy.
0	When I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia.
0	When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment concerning pensions.
0	When my parents got divorced.
0	When I failed two subjects last year.
0	When I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident.
0	All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did not tell me.  They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true.
0	[ Depressions.]
0	A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car accident.
0	When my grandmother died.
0	The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.
0	When my dog died.
0	When a class-mate died.
0	A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a car accident.
0	When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my holidays.
0	When my parents did not let me go on a study tour.
0	I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him and and my Easter holidays.
0	When my mother was operated.
0	A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place which was 1 metre high.
0	I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with either of them, so I had to change my plans.
0	The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service.
0	When someone in my family died.
0	When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.
0	My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it deep into her hand.
0	When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands.
0	When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit suicide.
0	When I saw the film \Johnny got his gun\" which deals with the á|consequences of the Vietnam war."
0	When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.
0	I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
0	I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great the distance between us was.
0	[ During a summer holiday a French girl and I had becoe back home, I felt very sad.]
0	When I had to come back from my village last Christmas.
0	Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings and into a situation of loneliness.
0	When the train taking me to my military service left the station, on the platform remained relatives, projects and goodtimes.  I had a hard year ahead.
0	I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply.
0	When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it.
0	We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.
0	I had failed some subjects in mathematics.
0	When my best friend died, at the age of 16.
0	A close friend died.
0	A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me.
0	I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.
0	When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other.
0	When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in Mauritania.
0	A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was not the same as before and something had gone wrong.
0	When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
0	At my grandfather's death.
0	I received a letter from some friends, who do not live in Madrid, telling me that they would not come on holiday.  I had arranged everythiing for them.
0	At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.
0	I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a lot for it.
0	I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good.
0	To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays.
0	The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back to University and to the exams.
0	When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did not know what would happen.
0	I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not have the money to do it.
0	I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see that nobody cared about what was happening to me.
0	[ No response.]
0	[ No response.]
0	The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine, after several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each other.
0	When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty, lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.
0	When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had failed.
0	A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not believe it.
0	When I came back from my holidays.
0	When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated from them for about three months.
0	One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that some of my relatives had died in an accident.
0	When my grandfather died.
0	When I was told that my uncle had passed away.
0	When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.
0	When I lost my father on the 25th of September,1970.  He died of a sore on the leg.
0	A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having failed the exams.
0	When my girlfriend's nephew passed away.
0	1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's reaction to the students demands concerning the educational system.
0	When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and was in hospital.
0	When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill.
0	When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage.
0	I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's problems.
0	I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness.
0	When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it to UNZA.
0	This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.
0	The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.
0	When I heard that my nephew had passed away.
0	When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was not even selected.
0	When I failed a test at my primary school.  I was then in grade 7 and we were about to take the main exam.
0	A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the loo.
0	My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the information that she had died.
0	The loss of my mother.
0	When a friend left me and went back home for good.
0	When I heard about the death of my aunt.
0	One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we stayed indoors.
0	When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a student like me.
0	That afternoon I received two messages informing me, one that my brother was in a coma in the U.T.H suffering (kidney disease) and two, that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital  to see my brother.
0	When my uncle died.
0	It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my sister had passed away.  The news had been hidden from me, so that I could take my exams.
0	When my beloved grandfather died.
0	I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She was the last of my grand parents to pass away.
0	When my wife died in hospital, she was pregnant and had undergone an operation.
0	I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked down by a car.
0	When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car.
0	My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the  family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been different.
0	When my aunt passed away in early 1982.
0	When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather.  We had  seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us.
0	My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep.
0	I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much.  I had not known that he had been ill for a very time, when I received this message he was already dead.
0	I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away.
0	When my father passed away.
0	When one of my best friends commited siucide during these holidays.
0	When my friends died one after the other.  The first died in a car accident and the second one recently, due to an illness.
0	The day my teacher of Latin and French died.
0	I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.
0	When I learnt of the death of a friend.
0	When I lost my father in a car accident.
0	When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from what I was told about it.
0	When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a murder).
0	When my grandfather died.
0	When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to rest.
0	This morning during my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was attacking me.  I started crying in my sleep and then my room-mate woke me up.
0	When my grandmother passed away.
0	The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the Zambia closed badminton championships.
0	When my mother and father separated (it was a brief separation and they are together now).
0	I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.
0	I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend.  That day I was really sad.
0	When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.
0	When my dad passed away.
0	When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of Zambia.
0	The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my grade six.
0	I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.
0	When I heard of the death of my mother.
0	Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the         biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.
0	When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the death of my father.
0	When my elder brother died.
0	When the girl I loved turned me down.
0	When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard to accept.
0	The passing away of my mum.
0	When my mum's brother passed away after having been involved in a car accident.   He was bringing me a present as I had passed my form five exams with flying colours.
0	My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then the older one died a week later.
0	My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad remains the only living member of his family.
0	A break-up with someone I really liked.
0	When I heard the news of my grandfather's sudden death.
0	When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a school of my choice.
0	When my grandfather died.
0	When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange for the ones I had given her.
0	When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughter's buisness.
0	My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the          West Indies for two years and I was staying behind.
0	When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his friends and that he was dead.
0	When I got a message that my child was not feeling well.
0	I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the UNZA demonstrations.
0	The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my sorority which I did because I was ashamed.
0	When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how to.
0	I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I received a score below the average and I thought I had done very well.
0	I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never see eachother again and none of it mattered.
0	I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my long time, pre-kindergarten relationships behind.
0	When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.
0	When my aunt died.
0	[ When family mmembers or friends blame me for something I am not responsible for.  I feel very sad as it was not my fault.]
0	[ When friends and colleagues talk bad about me.]
0	Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very sad about this.
0	I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.
0	When my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled.
0	When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.
0	When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could not make it to the second year.
0	When I got to know that my father had passed away.
0	When I heard the news that my brother had passed away.  It was the first time that I lost a brother.
0	I remember being sad whe my aunt's child died (2 days old).
0	My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.
0	When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to me.
0	When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking her exam.
0	When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a mortuary.
0	When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.
0	When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all of us, all by herself.
0	When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident in Lusaka.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which had been stolen in Lusaka.
0	When my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep.
0	When my father passed away.
0	When my grandmother passed away.
0	When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives.
0	When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his younger brother.
0	When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the illness was not known.
0	When my grandfather died.
0	When my brother (5th in the family) passed away.
0	When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.
0	A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at university.  The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they ended up in court.
0	When I first suffered from syphilis.
0	When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third year of university.
0	I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there was no possibility of getting it.
0	When my grandfather died.
0	When I left my part-time job.
0	I like someone who does not like me and was rude to me.
0	Could not get into the university I wanted to get in.
0	My best friend could not get into university.
0	Saying goodbye to a friend.
0	A child beaten up by his mother.
0	You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back.
0	China can not even give you good sound systems for an open lecture.
0	A father of 4 children killed in an accident.
0	When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend of mine.
0	After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.
0	When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back home.
0	Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a few days.
0	I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and it was a sad trip home.
0	Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to school back East. We are very close and have been together 4 years.
0	The girl I was seeing didn't want to have a serious relationship. á
0	When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and thought she felt the same way too. But she didn't like the idea and just wanted to stay friends.
0	My grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago.
0	Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died.
0	When I heard the news that my grandfather had died.
0	When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning after.
0	When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.
0	My friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority.
0	A close friend of the family died.
0	My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well, she baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep.
0	When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.
0	My roommate's sister committed suicide.
0	When my grandmother passed away.
0	I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide.
0	When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15 years.
0	At the end of my senior yr. in high school I found out that a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill.
0	This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second time.
0	When my mother was very sick and almost died.
0	At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.
0	When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which turned out to be untrue).
0	When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer.
0	4 years ago my family decided to move from New York to California. From the time we decided to move until the time we left, I realized how much my friends cared for me. When we left and for a long time after that I was very sad.
0	Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach pumped because he had overdosed on pills.
0	Leaving high school.
0	I asked a girl out on a date and she said no.
0	Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and I had not seen him for 10 years.
0	We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.
0	When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done well.
0	Day time robbery of our house.
0	I felt sadness when my grandfather died.
0	My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time. She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people. I was her first boyfriend.
0	Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a few days before and then one morning it was gone.
0	My grandfather died thirteen years ago.
0	I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.
0	It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.
0	I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt really sad because I wasn't going to be able to run. It was something I always had done and now I couldn't do it anymore.
0	One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I didn't know if she will ever be the same again.
0	Recently, my sister-in-law's horse was poisoned by a plant and died. The horse was very obedient and exceptional with children.
0	My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him because a similar situation happened to me.
0	I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was unable to go because of registration.
0	My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur like a brother. He was easy to talk to.
0	When I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad.
0	Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was at work).
0	When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one weekend from CAL to take me home.
0	I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time.
0	Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.
0	When a close friend drowned in the American River.
0	Death of my father.
0	After my little sister's Graduation from High School my grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.
0	After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what I had done and hurt that person and myself.
0	When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident.
0	When my sister left home to go and live with her husband.
0	When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not reciprocated.
0	I was very sad when I could not take the M.A (I) exams due to illness, and a relative of mine disheartened me about it.
0	[ When my elders do not understand me in the right way.]
0	A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when her father died of a heart-attack.  I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death.
0	[ I feel sad when somebody is unjust to me.]
0	When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.
0	When my sister died in a fire accident at home.
0	[ When someone tells me something that hurts me, I feel bad about it and also feel sad.]
0	My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.
0	When my father was ill.
0	My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and lonely.
0	When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without knowing the real cause of what had happened.
0	When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.
0	Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day before my birthray.  We were very close to each other and I felt very sad at loosing a close friend.
0	When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my home.
0	When my elder sister died.
0	At the death of my friend's father and especially as this happened ten days before her wedding.
0	I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor appreciated.
0	Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me good-bye before going abroad.  I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the trip, but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her for a long time.
0	After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I felt very sad leaving home.
0	When my mother left for Kenya.
0	When my sister lost her only son, who was sixteen years old.  I felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family and then I learned slowly to understand to life.
0	When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study.
0	I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I failed and so I felt very sad.
0	When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember the face of my father.
0	On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved teachers and friends.
0	When my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy.
0	I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.  Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was intense.
0	The day I was to receive my gold-medal for the M.A, my grandmother, who I loved very much, died after an illness.  She  died a few hours before the convocation.  While I was attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would not have liked me to miss it.  It was a day she had been waiting for, but did not get to see.
0	When India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy.
0	When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person.
0	My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year, unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out as we had expected it to and this saddened me.
0	When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.
0	The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon.
0	I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person.  More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, withá vigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.
0	The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds  of Mexican people died.
0	I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as a person but could not agree with the life the future would demand.  Parting from her was very sad.
0	The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a few years back.
0	When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.
0	A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected this to happen and was sad for a few months.
0	[ When I feel that I have made a mistake.]
0	When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get   admission in engineering.
0	My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.
0	When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.
0	[ No response.]
0	When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for her, put forward to her.
0	I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.
0	I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not selected for Secondary School education in 1978.
0	I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short illness.
0	Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long with cancer of the Oesophagus.
0	When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would be coming.
0	A friend's mother died.
0	My friend was badly hurt.
0	Finding out that the university will give first priority to qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English lectures.
0	Failed an examn.
0	I was not chosen for the All English class.
0	Lost a friend.
0	I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission to courses like medicine.
0	When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and kept thinking of her all day long.
0	It was at the time of my M.Sc exam, when I was not in a position to take the exam after having studied seriously.
0	When my first love was not successful.
0	After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to the medical stream and I felt sad about this.
0	I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.
0	When I was ditched by my girlfriend.
0	A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to stay with him in the hospital.
0	[ No response.]
0	[ I missed my twin when I was on the verge of being thrown, which I disliked.]
0	When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not present there and only got the news later.
0	I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know what he had to do.
0	I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my home. One day she wrote me that she'd visit me. On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured. I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital.
0	It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.
0	I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were sent to Kenya for Training.
0	I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself.
0	When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.
0	The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from her.
0	When I was told that my father had passed away.
0	I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I was within the row of students who were making noise.
0	I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.
0	I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very young.
0	When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt very sad.
0	When my mother died in August 1978.
0	I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me with the boy who is my best friend.
0	I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who taught me in Standard 8.
0	It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia and that she would never come back.
0	I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I was not to be given school fees because I didn't go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot.
0	It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always getting more marks than they did.
0	I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and my best possessions got burnt in there.
0	When I was at school.
0	This condition accumulated in my mind when funeral news was brought to my awareness, that a close relative had passed away.
0	It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for two years for a reason I don't know up to now.
0	I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking news and I felt very sad.
0	When I heard that my father had passed away.
0	When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and up to this moment my sadness is still on.
0	I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I expected, I wanted some Disco records.
0	It was mid May 1985, When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate had an answer sheet, so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter for him to be caught.
0	It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my third year of my Secondary School.
0	When my father died.
0	One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful.
0	I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.
0	My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at school; this news reached me through someone.
0	I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.
0	After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very sad.
0	When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time.
0	I felt sad when a thief stole all the clothes from my friend's cupboard at school (boarding).
0	I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being bewitched by her husband's second wife.
0	When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer.
0	I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
0	When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St. Mary's Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the first time.
0	It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already taken place.
0	I experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away.
0	When my cousin passed away.
0	My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got separated.
0	When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic accident.
0	I lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it.
0	When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up.
0	When my cousin passed away.
0	I felt sad when my father was sick.
0	Cooks refused to give me food.
0	In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.
0	It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal pains.
0	I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away untimely at home.
0	I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldn't answer it in time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad about it and couldn't talk to anyone.
0	I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car accident and was admitted in hospital.
0	When my grandmother died after a long illness.
0	I was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away.
0	When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to bath.
0	When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick before death but suddenly died.
0	I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the standard 8 exams for the third time.
0	I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident.
0	My boyfriend didn't turn up after promising that he was coming.
0	When my grandmother passed away.
0	When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her training I felt very sad for she was young.
0	I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just suddenly.
0	I received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick.
0	My child passed away after a short illness when he was just eleven months old. I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill.
0	Failing examn.
0	My grandmother died.
0	My girl-friend left me.
0	Not being accepted by classmates in university.
0	Saw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife.
0	My sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her.
0	Two little children (5/6 years old) begging for money, and noone gave them money.
0	Saw a father beating up his small child.
0	General Ye Jianying died.
0	My friend has to go on field trips, he just told me.
0	Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better than China.
0	Not getting on with someone of my classmates in high school.
0	A friend misunderstood me.
0	My old teacher in primary school died.
0	My uncle died in the Vietnam War.
0	Finding out that China is still backward in science.
0	Finding out I am not good looking.
0	Not winning a medal in the swimming contest.
0	My father left us for another woman.
0	My best friend suddenly acting strange towards me.
0	When I was not chosen to go to your English lectures.
0	Finding out my best friend cannot go to the English lectures.
0	My grandmother died.
0	Finding out that my best friend could not go to university.
0	A girl I love does not love me.
0	Finding out that China is poor, so we cannot have good reference books.
0	Saw poverty in the countryside.
0	Finding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West.
0	Not doing well in an examn.
0	Relative's death.
0	My mother's death.
0	My friend still trusts me as a friend.
0	Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.
0	Did badly in an examn.
0	One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves.
0	Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work.
0	Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is poor.
0	My parents told me that they do not like my friend.
0	Not getting the reference paper.
0	Death of a relative.
0	Death of General Ye Jianying.
0	My father won't be so pleased with me as if I was elected \Three á|Good\"."
0	Not being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture.
0	Lecturers being unfair to me in reports.
0	My best friend was not chosen for the English lectures.
0	My teacher's death.
0	Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures.
0	Being misunderstood by friends.
0	Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism.
0	Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my favourite pop star.
0	My good friend misunderstood me.
0	Deceived by other people and ran into trouble.
0	My parents failed to visit me as they promised.
0	Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it (we cried together).
0	Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is angry with me and I cannot help him.
0	A friend's brother died.
0	Not being chosen for the English lectures (my girl-friend chosen).
0	My mother was ill and my father was not at home.
0	Finding out that the girl I like does not like me.
0	My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill.
0	My sister bkoke her leg.
0	Disappointed by a friend.
0	Lost my girl-friend.
0	Insulted by my mother.
0	My friend not allowed to go to the English lectures.
0	I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months.  My original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way.  I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous.  I do not know if I am not interested in Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad.  I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication and Journalism.  I am not clear about what I can do.  What are the limitations ?   I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now.
0	One of my class-mates had a disease unexpectedly, he had been in a coma for six days in a hospital before he died.
0	When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest.
0	When another person's mother died.
0	The death of my father.
0	I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me, but I had not provided enough information and had run short of time.
0	Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate.
0	A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi college for our lecture and I saw him with her.  He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully.  I did not dare and did not want to look, just walked by them quickly.  The interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain silent.  But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went to F.  I should have expected this to happen.
0	When I learnt that I had been betrayed by my friend.
0	The quarrel between my  parents.
0	[ No response.]
0	In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not be accepted at the university.
0	My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years.  It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.
0	I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very sad then.
0	When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was already 80 years old.
0	When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year, I found the solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties.
0	I knew a girl so lovely that everyone would like her.  But she refused to accept my Christmas present and I tried to forget her.
0	I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered goodbye and left without turning back.
0	I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year.  On her birthday I put a present in her mailbox.  I had spent two days choosing a suitable present for her.  I waited for a few days and there was no reply from her; at last I received a thank-you card in my mailbox.  On the card there was only my name, the words thank-you  and her signature.  I was very sad then.
0	My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to close my eyes.
0	My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having lunch together at a restaurant.  She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her, this was an extreme thought.
0	When I found that my coldness had hurt somebody's sincerity.
0	I saw a lot of starving people in a T.V news report.
0	When my mother went through an operation, it was not very serious but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation.
0	When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate.
0	When my studies are too demanding and I cannot cope with it.
0	When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to them.
0	One of my good friends had to migrate to America.  Our friendship had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade.
0	When I said good-bye to my girlfriend.  I had spent two years on developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful, I felt very sad.
0	I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine.  I had gone camping        with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very  sudden to me.
0	I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was bleeding.  She fell unconscious for three days and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in.  Moreover I could not do nothing for her.  I was very sad.  Finally, she died.
0	There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of mine.  He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship.  This behaviour hurt his friends.  Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons.
0	About two years ago my girlfriend suggested that we separate.  This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things.  The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other.
0	When I learnt that I had failed an exam,  This not only influenced my emotions but also other important tasks, it also made my record imperfect.
0	A few years ago my mother suffered from canccer and died within two years.  We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children.  My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these two years.  Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable.  I was very eager to replace her in suffernig , even die instead of her.
0	After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would have the next discussion ( I had many tests the coming week and could not have a meeting in between, I thought that they would understand this as they had always done).  They did not understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many other activities.  Their reaction made me burst into tears.
0	When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed with my brother.  My parents slept on the lower deck.  My father felt disgusted and beat me up.  I felt very sad as my father had never beaten me or scolded me before.
0	I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life . It seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out.
0	My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year.  I felt sad about the coming several years.
0	I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects and I found that I had failed it.
0	When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than my fellow mates.
0	[ No response.]
0	I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something against her boyfriend.  Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them.  She had misunderstood me.
0	When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad.
0	When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of time.
0	I suddenly found that those whom I considerered to be my good friends did not care for me.  Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant.  I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this.  Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them.  I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends.
0	A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics.  I shared his sadness.
0	My got my mathematics test's marks and could not believe that it was true.  In the past I would have at least 80% marks.  Was I getting weaker at studies ?  This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university.
0	My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had tried my best.  Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject.  However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it.
0	Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all      good I felt a little sad.
0	One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which lead to breathing difficulties.
0	During the Physics experiment session I did not understand the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it.
0	When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives and my tears made me sad.
0	This issue worried me rather than saddening me.  In mid September I went to Guanggho alone.  I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not find anything.  What could I do?  I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems.  I finally found a place to sleep at 8 o'clock.
0	I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had prepared for it.  However I failed because of my timidity.  After three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before.  I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it.
0	So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn @ Lemon Tree. damn you What's On!
0	oh no! I just crashed my ball pump
0	Wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight...  might set up a lounge bbq type thing, that'll work. #fridayfirehazzard
0	@brittanytastic aww  that's horrible! xD
0	OH. I am just so tired.
0	My poor phone is nekkid without its cover.
0	Well thats that then. Exam failed and bsc gone
0	@ecorazzi Grrr, people suck. I cry when animals die on nature shows.  These people are sick. No hunting endangered species!
0	@AnnieAreYouOhK No, it's annoying and makes us girls that follow sports and are knowledgable look dumb
0	Everything is annoying me today
0	@Alice286 lucky girl!!! I work all day tomorrow! and maybe even Monday!!
0	I need some cheering up
0	soo tired.. still kinda angry that i missed the concert
0	Stupid competition stuff keeps getting in the way  But I am going to get some words in today if it kills me   @heather_writes
0	leaving now  off to get my angry teethed pulled....
0	@Disney_Dreaming what?! miley's gonna quit hannah montana?...i don't wanna believe it!
0	@Nisher Yeah yeah? How the heck are you anyway? Sastch it up again this year? I had to bail out for lack of expenses
0	crying real tears
0	No launch today. Teacher changed plans and we watched a stupid move about tesla
0	my blow torch has broken  this is a REAL bummer
0	@Spiffums I wasn't near him.
0	My TI89 died. I don't know why.
0	So sad I'm going to miss seeing Pennywise again this year
0	@thejiggerjames  not the same.. Can we party tonight jig
0	Hates moving
0	sooooo, i just dropped my phone.  don't text or tweet me, i'm currently banging my face against a spike covered poison ivy infested wall.
0	Missin my boo
0	Murray just got broken
0	is enjoying a yummy salad, but missing her avocado  that's what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
0	@roxeecruz ur linky no worky
0	listening through the Mendeed discog once again. I still think their disbanding is a loss.  #metal
0	My friends are mocking my weekend!  @JamesPMacDonald have they been talking to you?
0	you wanna know what's worse... my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all I can think about is bacon
0	@TysonDueck Too bad.
0	@thodwris RIP Michael
0	Oww. Can't even describe how much my back hurts. Going to have to go to the stupid doctor.
0	@MynameisDon I ALWAYS miss out! I wont be able to commence in the foolishness til' the fall  But come fall I'll be visiting!! YAY!!
0	Aaaaahhhh.... Friday!!!! but.......     Funeral at 5
0	Sun has been making me happy =] Shame about work tonight  x
0	@Nobilis I feel your pain. Mine is the same way
0	Sad day in the office. Glad it's Friday. Like to get away from this for a while. Poor co-worker just lost her son.
0	Wishes she had a pool
0	Soooo not feeling well and I need to get out of bed
0	well it's not done yet ! 1 more thing left huaaahhhhh ! jupaa, resaaaa awas kaliaaannn !
0	@chrlttgrc nope im nott! i was planning on doing but my aunties come over from america and we're havin this big family meal so i cant  xx
0	@feltbeats That's right... kick me when I'm down.
0	@TearlessPoet hmmm really??? that's weird idk about that one  sowwy
0	@Nic0pic0 Lots of things Nico. Gud news: I have a job Bad news: Its in the middle of nowhere. Got my phone 4 twitter but cnt play videos.
0	sourish limbs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i haven't been on at 12am for a v long time...even more so on a fri
0	sick of math
0	@jferlee I didn't see it last night!  Oh well. But I HAVE to watch it in theaters. That's a MUST.
0	@jephjacques my three most hated words are &quot;see you monday&quot;
0	extremely bored.
0	The computer at work hates me.  have to call tech support. Again...
0	I wanna be out in the sunshineeeeeee
0	@mrs_mcsupergirl ok, finished set u free, and i am sooooo mad rite now...it cant end like that, i dont want him to be the bad guy
0	workout stunk...no headphones.
0	headache, headache, go away. come again another day....
0	i wish my drems could come true
0	im at home....on a friday night.  but it's all good!
0	tired and bored, watching movies while i'm home alone
0	Screw it goin back to bed,,ill just go tomorrow ,,,,,kinda sad
0	@tinylegacies *sighs* Ah well.  Maybe my second email will clear it up and get him approved.
0	i hate interviews. im going to do horrible today
0	@BrendonBudness unfortunatley it is the tooth kind of crown
0	@lexie_98 Kevin can't leave work until 2
0	Head ache  Tom's call time is really early because the shows will start at 2:30PM. Recovered like 150+ photos already... 700 more to go!
0	@RoxieDax Ten hours ago, I was was sleeping, sorry.
0	is in route 2 da' beach! No sun yet
0	Aww nobody likes the album I posted after a million attempts  Boohoo
0	I was supported to do things I didn't like,, n when I was about to do what I intrested in,, mom always refused it...
0	I really miss my phone  i cant wait till my new one comes
0	now the pic wont load up on twitter
0	@novemberlight I sometimes fail
0	@fossiloflife was being sarcy as usual
0	@SpookyJenB @diver4skynsea Stop it, you are makin' me sad
0	bad hair day
0	@ToyStory2wasOk The party has to be moved to next weekend  ..stupid weather.
0	@sirhova I was supposed to go to philly as well....bailed out last minute
0	@Cinderell4 bad luck  oh well next time you will be more lucky...
0	Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I *really* love to send something mine, but no time
0	Ugh - car got stolen sometime between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  Like we can afford this???
0	im sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia's new video.
0	Leaving NOLA today  Counting down the seconds 'til I start crying. Love this place so much.
0	@AliceS1 hey, I can't make it to Makers tonight
0	@cbobcreson @silatjunkie  So, @kfrieze just pointed out to me that she has not been able to be involved in this convo for lack an iPhone
0	It has been 24 hours now, since I had my dog put to sleep.  RIP my old friend.
0	I wouldn't mind some sunshine and a walk. Where are you, summer??
0	@windycitypretty that is sickening... Just shoot at will? Smh... Prayers for his family...
0	@Annie713 It's ugly and gray outside even in San Diego. Not too cold, will get to 70, but May-gray June-gloom for us all
0	Finally got a call for marriage counseling 3 days late....
0	Smart cars are the most worthless cars ever made. &amp; it makes me sad how many of them I see anymore.
0	@mmitchelldaviss mitchell i tryed to add you on xbox live lastnight during when i was in your live show, but your friends list is full
0	Gus, formally known as world's ugliest dog has died  We'll miss you, Gus http://bit.ly/exjcn
0	Finally sunny days and I'm too sick to go outside and play.
0	so freaking tired.  It's like my body refuses to move.
0	I fell! I think my knee is broken  but I look fabulous
0	now my ds just died  whatta letdown!
0	@IzzyJ_Is_Here oh hun, i'm sorry... out of everything you've been through, the last thing you deserve is to be unhappy at home..
0	WALC-ers are you ready to cry? its going to be a long day of reminiscing
0	@banjoist123 may I ask what bluegrass means? Sorry in advance for looking a bit silly by asking
0	not long in from sunbathing and burnt
0	@ShellyKramer I've had a fever for the past 48 hours. You should see me. I'm unshaven, puffy face and look pathetic!
0	@morgret Probably not, kinda expensive and we have to work. Most people have off weekends, we work.
0	Headache
0	@devontebrown its cuz you love me. dont make me sad
0	NOO!! XBOX got red rings of death
0	favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
0	Missed getting my &quot;Twilight&quot; jacket @ modcloth! Man I wish I didn't have long monkey arms and could of gotten the L instead!!
0	@joaniemaloney yep  which sucks because i thought somewhere it said it was..
0	Suddenly I remember all the memories with him  ohhh please
0	Paid all my bills only to go out to the mailbox to find more of them
0	No one wants to sit with me at lunch  I guess I'll just bury my head in my laptop and continue to be anti-social.
0	I think my book is gone forever... we mourn forever  SHIT!
0	is a failure
0	I misses my bed  so sleepy!
0	Earthlink says our modem is dead.  They want me to buy a new one or sign up for a one year contract ARGH!!!
0	Frustrated with copying 13Gigs across USB 1.1.Stupid old servers
0	Drag me to hell soundtrack from Christopher Young is delayed from june 2nd to july 7. That's SUCKS pretty bad.
0	Ben &amp; Jerry's fail. Got email for free ice cream. Says click here to redeem coupon. When I click, I get error message  @cherrygarcia
0	Listening to Opeth. Trying not to think about missing their show in San Antonio. Failing
0	Almost fell asleep under the hair dryer  so tired, feel like I'm going to puke
0	@eightwednesday @emilyhilleren I lost that membership when I got boosted to the 3 D club.  It's lonely.
0	wow, I didn't realized that there is a limit to the &quot;more&quot; button. That sucks... I guess two days is the max to not sign in to twitter.  !
0	i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up
0	@jkblacker Unfortunately I'm not @jamesog - someone's squatting on that
0	Young love comes to an end
0	im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
0	Dang my own LDBF didnt give me a Follow Friday shot out
0	This is what I am drinking instead of beer: Airport is out of beer.. At least it is carbonated...  http://mypict.me/1Zu9
0	@xxxmaggie oh that sucks  I'm sorry.
0	i could tell its gonna be an angry day...
0	NW Macedonia: Few rainy days in a row.
0	I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  http://tinyurl.com/lr22dj
0	@verbs_n_nouns ikr? my parents take the cake tho, they don't grocery shop and they go out to eat all the time just them 2...
0	@philispig  Is competition around the corner? if not take it slow for at least a week. Twisted my ankle back in jc, awfully painful.
0	@jmorgan0909 and I'm not getting another one ... There's only 1 alfie
0	@AC_1 welcome to the twitter world Andrew! tell david to have a twitter too haha just kiddin' i know he doesn't want to have one.. booo..
0	I think it's unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it's sunny!
0	headache
0	Co-worker's last day  we are going to miss her
0	Evermore &amp; End of Fashion rocks! My poor foot though! oww! injured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
0	ughhh studying for finals i wish i could go to prom
0	Sometimes I forget that boys have feelings too
0	I also think that I'm talking to myself now. Okay I need to get to bed. BTW, I miss my brothers.
0	@tommcfly It's 12:30AM, @buonotomato stopped tweeting, my brain's not functioning. I wanna cry. Haha. Philippines tour, please?  Love ya!
0	ate all my chocolate
0	moving back home today. pro: obnoxiously closer to @thom1937 con: no more mpls runs/excursions for at least a year.
0	@saxa246  ive been trying to get over her for years, its so hard to move on, when youre so in love..it sucks
0	@pairadocsdesign and Radio X 96.1 is going all sports next month. Radio is dead.  #grandrapids
0	(sigh) guess we're not gonna meet up today.
0	i DID argue with byron because he said im fat
0	Wish I was in Chicago.
0	So I slept 12 hrs! My body is aching
0	@erickadiaz I get to go to coffee now  It's no fun. I hate it too!
0	@billbathgate im not a doofus  it could happen wahhh!!! :'(!!!!!!!!!! im on my break!!
0	@nikkibop and he's not even fat!!!! Huh, @freyalynn? He's just friggin huge!  I have a freak.
0	left the inn  now im at school. dang its straight up dead here!! [&lt;3Hannah]
0	Blah to car repairs... almost 600 dollars...   Shopping around for a better deal.
0	@hootsuite  Darnit.  See what happens when I avoid teh interwebs for work.
0	my apartment is emptying out more &amp; more each day.. so sad.. last week at 2000
0	@alyssa133 awww i'm sorry  what kind of fish did you have?
0	Why are some guys so stupid? They have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them..so sad
0	@simonprobert yep, supposed to last all weekend. filthy weather
0	heading to the dmv to pay them my hard-earned money
0	How do you forgive yourself for hurting the one you love the most?
0	@MattyP_654  it's this damp weather...
0	@scarletty24 i know.. i suck.. i'm a master procrastinator  ... you guys don't have too much fun without me
0	last day off... back to work tomorrow
0	wishing i was on a beach right now!!
0	Is not a happy bunny
0	@Lesley_M Melted maybe 2 square inches of skin. Ran it under cold water for a min or two and then iced until the ice melted. Now, hurts
0	Tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what's happening, like its totally grrrsville
0	it will be my second year that i will not be there
0	@FRANK_URQUIDEZ I MISS U
0	43416 I miss you so much my heart is aching without you bub  http://is.gd/Ja9I
0	being far too vigorous with pruning and regretting the removal of too many cucumber flowers off cucumber plant.
0	@tommcfly Tom , today my school played POV at the break , and I almost cryed !  your show in sao paulo is today ! I wish i could be there!
0	oh i just check my stock port. My marketing was unable to buy me TICON at best price
0	@cameronmarion me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night, pshh
0	@JHall510 I'm good just bored at work
0	Oh PW, you done me wrong. The signing time in ur children's article are all wrong...and no Neil Gaiman?! You tease me.  #bea
0	Jeff can't get his visa in time to come visit me!    I'm so sad.  In other news, I'm going to Lapa tonight to samba the night away.
0	sooo tired of this cubicle
0	laying in bed listening to opticon. i miss joe veneck
0	when i cheered,i yelled SHAKE THESE at the end of a chant and did the suck it &quot;X&quot; and got suspended &amp; had to give a public apology,lol
0	@redhalo_pax goddamn   that fucking sucks *hugs*
0	Will miss my baby for 2 days
0	I'm so tired idk what 2 do...and I have 2 much 2 do ...church 2 nite, gotta write sermon, wash &amp; flat iron hair, eat! so so much 2 do
0	at wk wishin I was at Annies grad ceremony but coodnt becuz of sumthin I dnt care to mention... sooo sad
0	It looks like the office TV DOES get MLB Network... and it looks like MLBN will NOT be televising the DET/BAL game today  #wieters
0	Had drums, but they where made up of other peoples sets, so, had to give them all back
0	its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max
0	Legs are hurting because I was standing up all day.
0	I gave my brother a hug good-bye.. as he took a load of furniture away from the house. He took the mattress I like
0	@Rumpelwald : ne, muss noch 2 Woche warten
0	@saynerd01 @ericajo42   GRR! my stupid meebo is disconnecting me every 5 seconds
0	Super pumped to do the &quot;Relay for Life&quot; tonite. I am walking in honor of my sweet Grandpa '06 and my Uncle Howard who past just yesterday
0	I miss the old... HA, HA. I can't tell that person's name.
0	i'm freezing in math class!
0	Gah! Buddy K is a must hang with person right now I miss him.  Along with Parker and McPhee.
0	I have a feeling today is going to be very boring ! Work @ 3  till 9:30
0	Been working on my freakin' computer trying to save stuff on a harddrive and it seems I failed miserably.
0	Kerry threw a ball at Anand; it bounced off his head, landed on my lunch and it exploded everywhere.
0	taking care of sick children
0	I have tummy ache.  Probably not helped by eating /that/ many tic tacs.
0	@msignorile  Weather sucks up here
0	back to work
0	Got my hair cut. Great.  stupid gum.
0	my computer at work is not working...booo... need a new one!  TGIF!
0	Regrettin some of the decisions I made
0	@jessner12 you suck majorly  i'm swamped...so why am I on twitter...I don't know...but still  a golf tournament?
0	@BrentO She! Maybe that was our first mistake.  Not everyone is as cool as @sqlfool  (brown nose moment)
0	at work and it sucks big time
0	Saying goodbye to a good trusted friend today. Goodbye free Sky TV, you were the best friend anyone could have had.
0	Crappy Day...
0	has the urge to go shopping.hmmm but i've got no money,how?
0	Well poop, my guitar lesson was canceled today  I'm so sad. I hope his son feels better soon tho.
0	@pilarlovesyou  i love you. don't leave me!
0	Shaw guys are over when I want to be sleeping
0	my tummy hurts
0	@Hi_Im_Chris and i cant get to mine  keep getting an error
0	Was talking to Vincent  Miss him so baadly.
0	Mourning Venus' Third Round Loss....
0	@jonkragel I have been sick for like 5 days now...
0	@Cece602 no it's just going to be me we couldn't come up with enough money to get his ticket
0	i failed at cutting and peeling the mangoes  hah. it was weird trying and my father did it like it was nothing.
0	isn't lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz.. n if its gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
0	@joycewaddle like almost above my sholders
0	@melissajeanine ew.  sorry zach
0	@LindseyNHess I agree 100^%! It's a great day! If only I had a window to see it...
0	Trip to DC next week canceled.  So, no Artomatic or beer with @genehack.
0	I'm going on an excursion this week, so I won't be twitting....
0	@paulo_one yes it went down smooth! Too bad I have to get back to work though  how are you enjoying your Friday?
0	@MouseGoesSqueak ahhhh.same here with Geometry, like i said b4, if i didn't have it, i would be graduated!! so i feel ur pain hun!
0	I can't comment directly to someone...... and I'm here all alone
0	i hate getting put on steroids. my face
0	@scavengerlor LoL Clever I'm Extremely Jealous Of The Amount Of Followers You Have  I Only Have 24
0	@SaschaIllyvich i guess that means you didn't beta-read either of my stories, huh?
0	We are so sad the beautiful Marisa dresses are leaving today (tear)
0	Refusing to accept that the US holiday is over. Heading to Woodies Longboard  Diner in um ... Hove...
0	just got back home, shit.. again meeting tmrw,staying at sea view, i even dont my fresh undergarments  tiring, 13 hrs working days
0	Manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also! :'(
0	i lost friends, when i didnt do anything
0	Day off with nothing to do
0	bad day
0	Wish I was eating lunch w/ @laddiecatherine and @ophieracine
0	@Christy_Edmonds Oh, I'm sorry   You'll have lots of fun though, should be a great time!
0	I kno I'm behind the times on this one, but I just learned that Troy &quot;t-bag&quot; Dixon died back on dec. 8th 2008. RIP Troy.
0	@sarahbellafina sleep? I need to go to my mums but by the time I get there, Clara will be in bed
0	Just burned my tongue!!
0	is sad cuz my mommy leaves to indy today
0	I'm off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home ...  Joy.
0	Ugh the delivery was postponed, shes not having the baby til 5 and i'll be at work
0	At work my head hurts a little due to my neck! I hate when I sleep wrong!
0	@mscrismusic wish u was in the D!
0	@chaletlaforet shit that is awful... could not believe it at first... so sad
0	@brett can you fedex me some pizza? I have to cancel my NYC trip until later this summer
0	@elainanic Hope that migraine doesn't stick around for too long.
0	@calikiks  asap. But..... Kids are asleep. I have a car seat for arianna. We can take her with us? I need to pay vs bill!
0	@sweetpea2809 Nor here... Sad times
0	@emmielovegood ive tried and tried in the past to learn cockney but sadly its near impossible to find books and things on it over here.
0	Hates leaving teddy ... Now I'm miss both my boys  damn
0	@kujakupoet My computer got screwed to hell by viruses. I just finished wiping the drive and reinstalling Windows XP  I want a Mac...
0	@noiseporn Would defo have done that but Im already booked over t'other side of the country
0	I guess it wasn't meant for me to change it
0	@sexxieluv dang....just so far away aren't I?    Darn I'll just have to dream
0	@kylehamilton Wow, just saw your Tweet about the Proflowers fiasco. That's so not fun!
0	@diesel_26 i wish you were here to take care of me
0	because I just lost my first Field Notes notebook 6 pages before filling it up!! RIP  #fieldnotes
0	didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex, v emotional times  but the sun is making me happy !
0	Brother #3 is wandering around the house in his underwear. As charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests, I'm sure
0	Damn. Stephane doesn't even feel sorry for me. Off to work then
0	@NancyLeeGrahn IS she in grade 5?  I can't do my daughters grade 4 math...soo sad
0	http://twitpic.com/66vld - i don't like this bangs! I want my hair back!
0	dis damn usb charger is good for nothin. gotta find that verizon store. my fone been dead since last nite
0	@mdfogarty Im so very sad that i am at work today and cant win tickets
0	the sun burned me today....my arms look angry  Party tonight tho babes! woop!
0	I need to get in a good, hard workout today after work, I feel like I've been slacking! No good
0	Bloody exams next week
0	@thecomicproject It's sunny and hot in London today, while I sit in office cranking spreadsheets
0	@indysawhney seems like u r just pushing your #wcm site. i really cant beleive you are an IT pro and havent heard of #joomla or #drupal.
0	Is working all weekend
0	Beer, garden, IPOD, Friday night, shame I've got to work tomorrow
0	is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
0	@jhaywardbenzal ouch. I hate it when that happens.
0	@AdamBMusic ik, i feel sooo bad for them
0	WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!?! Last night and this morning SUCKED... More moving tonight.
0	i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer
0	@geminianeyes it didnt  - from research the traffic in this beautiful system of twitter is approx 100msg/second.. mine only grabs 6msg/sec
0	Starting to get sad.
0	Feel like death  evil headache and need to pack and drive to parents. Bum.
0	i reaaally need you
0	@lifesaver45 that sucks.
0	@cindyefolson the signal that makes your internet &quot;go&quot; is pretty bad  getting a tech out will get that fixed up, though!
0	R.I.P. Sammie the Cat
0	at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you
0	In the middle of breakfast the school called.Yep...back to get Shey...AGAIN.3rd migraine this week or maybe one that never went away
0	Damn...the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. Now I need to buy new ones...
0	ooh my icecream's gone  oh no wait i got another 2 boxes on the freezor! yumm
0	I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life, people keep making me jealous
0	@ScrapShoppeEtsy rt i have had few hearts the past few days on etsy  boo hoo....totally the same for me too ((((((
0	I think Ive buggered up my mobile  ack. I am a stubborn arse and refuse to get a new one.
0	Weekend is getting close. Too bad I'll be stuck up north  Hopefully I'll be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
0	@Steffisticated If they recorded it and sent it to people, they obviously meant for it to get out there.  But if they didn't, I feel bad.
0	have to put my dog down tomorrow.
0	My sunglasses broke
0	waiting for aaron to get into town, and then leave him for work. booo
0	@dsml dont depress me  I have the mother-in-law staying the weekend. Someone else to wait on other than the kids!
0	@BigzFlygerian sorry but I'm not impressed in the slightest b/c u don't eat pussy..more like saddened and confused
0	: why is it so cold!?!?!
0	@Starry1968 you're surrounded by them! I have no official nieces/nephews yet
0	is becoming edgy bcause the lappy has not arrive yet
0	Another favorite local place bites the dust: Con Sabor Cubano, the place I go to for the most amazing Cuban sammiches, is closed
0	@meerasapra seriously.. it used to spend most of the time in my house..
0	Where is the boss... I'd like to have my check and leave please!
0	We're not gonna be able to talk again
0	michael scholfield is no more. He is dead. I am sorry
0	had a good day but im now skint again
0	gross. it's hot, and there's cotton EVERYWHERE.. hello allergies.
0	Thought she wuz my best friend...
0	Is still tired  due to late nights out and work and has to b up early again 2moro 4 work bad times!
0	Oh well, there go my hopes for seamless transfer of blog  however I am now on track and will have it up and running sometime this eve
0	Im so tired and sick  i have to be better on Sunday so i can sing morning and night
0	@danecook Sooo SAD I will miss you here in San Diego!!!
0	@ work again
0	BREAKING NEWS: The broiler at Burger King is down. There will be no burgers at Burger King at lunch!  At least Chicken Fries were there!
0	Time flies...and i never got it all right. Why oh why?
0	I am loving this sunshine and hating the thought of my office without windows
0	Selling my Bonnaroo ticket.  Can't get any time away from work. Anyone in the DC area interested? I can meet up!
0	@inlovewitharmy Southridge was moved a week later cause of Swine flu, i think
0	@DanielFielding Yeah. It totally sucks.  I hate not being able to breathe! Thanks for the ff!
0	@zarigee i got mcdonalds, surpisingly its not a popular drunk food option.  its sucks that all diners aren't 24hrs here anymore
0	Oh My God ..  sad day ..
0	Working late with only The House of Love for company. Just what I want to be doing on a summer evening when I should be out with people
0	any other Mac users completely given up on Google Chrome?
0	@BiggaBX Yes, It's only fair  lol
0	so much for a day off- I've been on my feet, all over the place, all day!
0	@TiwuRayie geez! one time in a row.. patience! good things comes to those who patience. lol. i wish i could sleepover..
0	@suzbooze I wanna go, but I so freaking broke   Have fun for me
0	thirty minutes turned into three hours. oops
0	YawNnnnn _slight headache n hangover grrr
0	i miss the one who would do anything to spend 5 min with me... the one who used to say just tell me when and where
0	G'night world. Vacations have to end some day.
0	Omg. I got no sleep again. Neighbors are building a deck &amp; they've been starting @ 5:00am. I'm SO tired. Feel like I just took Benadryl
0	has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last Friday of her twenties.
0	feels slightly better but damn i sure do miss him.....he's going to be so hard to get over......  i messed it up ...donuts=comfort
0	so bored at work, its ridiculous, and my Saturday is going to suck with class in the morning
0	Hate being sick  especially when there's no one to pamper me
0	Ugh. Going to skool
0	mcfonalds roulette i i lose. they forgot mygrilled snack wrap
0	Playdate cancelled
0	PINKPOP weekend &amp; I've got NO tickets, meaning no BRUCE Springsteen  Oh well, it's WWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKEEEENNNNDDDD!!!!!
0	never thought i'd say this, but i miss my 9-5 job, the commute, my cubicle, free food &amp; coffee and being downtown. why did i quit?
0	aaaah taking back sunday are playing in new york 3 days after we leave
0	I dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
0	@PoynterJones can I join you in your jealousy?  :L
0	Back @ work, migraine lingering   Can't wait for the weekend!
0	Ugh soooo much work to do today while trying to make the 6:10 train to the game... looking like a 4-5 hour Sunday at the office.
0	@holmescnn Oh, I didn't realize its on at 830 as well- already at work- or as today still in the car, don't ask
0	You know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can't turn you head to parallel park in the free spaces...
0	forgot to wish sister happy birthday yesterday.
0	my parents sold my car.
0	I miss you guys
0	Goodbyes ... Hurt
0	My parents withdrew permission at the last moment, I am not going along with tomorrow's SAC trip to IDP camps  #Pakistan #IDPRelief
0	enjoying the great sunshine.. from indoors.. I don't feel good today
0	I'm over @ringorang today.  3 wrong answers in a row.  My brain's not working today.
0	@lilivonshtupp I'd rather go to the matinee but I have to work  Still debating whether I should go cos going alone is no fun haha
0	Still havent left the house yet. This is rediculous! REALLY!   S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
0	Boys are sitting down for photos, no touching and no handshakes allowed.  #asylm
0	im still devastated about manchester united losing the UCL final
0	Oh darn. Lost another follower.
0	i woke up just now missing alabama terribly  my dad says we will be moving there. soon. thank god
0	@itsfrankybitch  dont make me sad... i do agree tho it does need some more of SA's magical lyrics
0	Why is it soooo cold &amp; ugly out??
0	No more Wiffleball..  Damn.
0	a female robin just flew into my window and I watched her die in my bushes...  i think i am going to cry now...
0	has bronchitis and is on 3 prescriptions. No fun at all. Had to miss two days in a row of work.
0	@nellclothing I cancelled a run in favour of... staying in. Wish I monies for pubulation tho
0	GrimeStopper loss  client lost their job so we did too. Hope the quote later today turns into more work. Drowned my sorrows w a huge h ...
0	@AnnaVodka I'm sorry to hear that! that makes me sad
0	@i_am_umlaut oh no!  i'm very sorry to hear
0	@Jamie_127 poor baby  you need some aloe. Nope sorry no hints
0	The Oddo's grandfather passed away in his sleep
0	doesn't get to see her fav5 today like planned
0	I saw amazing heeels. But they were too big
0	bout to go to work
0	I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
0	I am soooo hungry. But waiting for bf to get home, he has car trouble and is waiting for the mechanic to help him...
0	skype call with billie but my webcam dont work
0	@rafealAnthem yes i am and i was ready to go when i got here. ugh  and its sooo pretty outside..
0	@esull have a great camp!!!!! Wish I could be there.
0	@MissCaseyB I know what you mean  rain sucks...
0	@MsHalfway I want to go back to school too *sigh* - but I am too poor
0	Last day of high school  i'm gonna miss all my friends
0	@hithit  missing jmichelle... told you treat me like a step child! smh
0	@neeshababyyy they won't  guys are retarded!
0	@inlovewitharmy What timeeee? My mom says I have to do something daw tomorrow, eh. But we're never compelte!
0	Why didn't my favorite spotters last tweet go to my phone
0	i'm still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hurts. ugh gluttony bites.
0	Off to play Tennis at Bel Air, courts are wet  but, we will play anyway.
0	charlies roastbeef: mostaza no manejamos. WTF?
0	@iamdiddy - Me. because my ex boyfriend of 2 years (we broke up 2 months ago) is engaged to his gf of 6 weeks.  sad, embarrassed. Hug?
0	i was too slow to get $1 Up tix
0	shit's depressing
0	So...woke up in time just for work.....boo
0	@ 5 happiness (chinese) totally disappointed  the food is USUALLY good *FAIL*
0	@SweetHomeBirth  link isn't working
0	@world_of_max Sadly, no. Now David Tennant has left I don't particularly want the job anyway
0	not at all happy...dont know what the reason is
0	@DinerokidMayo Im upset cuz now everyone agrees
0	apparently you are not getting on anymore... sad
0	I need to sit  my insides hurt ughhh
0	@dorritos @repressd i get migranes.. so @repressd.. that leaves you to either arthritis and/or gout!
0	argh! why why why
0	possibly going out tonight; is there ANYTHING to do in Lancaster? I miss Baltimore
0	@pilmorelee you beggar! Making me feel homesick
0	@frgmnt I know, lame.
0	Rope witdrawal in full effect, no one to tie, no teaching, no demos, no one to play with. But worst of all - No one to play with!
0	Rachael makes me want to cry
0	@katebuckjr Sorry I can not reach either URL
0	not feeling well at all today! ugh cant I just go home.
0	My eyes hurt.
0	@dutchraymond yeah I didn't realize how bad it all was till now
0	has today off! But has to work tomorrow
0	being lazy the rain does that to me  gym&amp;&amp;tanning is possibe, work &amp;&amp; a small social gathering around tha corner
0	Can't give blood within a year of getting a tattoo so I can't give...Im gutted
0	my head huwwts
0	I have to go to work with out my @andrajoi and @treykinkade
0	@vosdjs LOL yea the fondue is on point... but that Chocolate Lava Cake is what you really want...but I wont be here   Im Mon-Fri babes!
0	That's it? It's done already? This is one proof that there's nothing fair in this world.   http://bit.ly/10UEMq
0	I've been offered Fred on loan but I has no moniiieeeess...
0	@APStylebook I know, but I need some things in my life to be constant
0	Is youtube not working properly for anyone else? I can't watch videos because they keep failing to load
0	no luck in goin to forum.. im about the only person on earth not goin out
0	Starving. And Alyssa's mom would bring her subway.
0	has new headphones but no mp3 player yet  http://plurk.com/p/x258n
0	@risquethaianna i cant go swimmin any more
0	@tommcfly sweet .. Englands becoming lamer and lamer since you guys left
0	i got a haircut, i felt like that guy on the &quot;Last Samuri&quot; who was forced to have his ponytail cut off.
0	@GLAMvoy Yes I think so unless it changed.  I sent u a happy mothers day text but u never responded back
0	@emaxio still @ the courthouse!     Happy to have a job... sad its this one!
0	@tearose21 Wish I could be there to enjoy a girls day!!!
0	And it's gone.
0	Im here at work super bored
0	to cold for the beach  sucky.
0	@Berumen4 No.  Just sitting around sculpting tiny koi.
0	O.k i feel like i need to cry now  i can't believe that in less than 2 years ill be walking across the stage to get a High School diploma!
0	@Jonasbrothers Just saw the webc. awesome! i loved all the songs! im sad cuz i couldnt be there  had 2 wake up early and it started at 1am
0	So now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.
0	is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like crap.
0	back from lunch and it's pouring rain! ugh  ohh well at least it gets me into a Death Cab For Cutie mood!
0	@Mad_Gab  We should bask in misery together
0	i feel super sick
0	http://wave.google.com/ &lt;3 Google ... wish they'd spend a bit more time adding bits to Chrome though
0	my head is bruised really bad :|
0	I hate it when I am in pain
0	I'm trying to find a pic for twitter but all that  ihave are too big or can't upload. So I shall remain faceless  lol
0	@crystaaale wtf kinda best friend am I? I *still* haven't met the hubby. That depresses me
0	Room is so empty
0	@lilmo4ever I'm So Mad I Wont Be There!!!!!!!!! UGHHH!!!
0	Man, my sinuses r really buggin me this morning
0	Had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in Venice Beach last night, wishing I had my camera with me........ and model releases
0	This is California it has to be sunny... But its not ::::: makes me kinda sad
0	oasis or ribena? toughest decision everrr
0	When i say &quot;we close at 6&quot;, it does not mean &quot;come in at 6&quot;. Ffs people. Also RIP Polly
0	@amychiu fuck was that the blink/weezer one? I totally forgot.
0	@sonicsalamander Sorry 'bout the migraine.  Did I mention I really liked your Cissbury (sp?) pic last week?
0	@msdivineknight wish i could  want to stay and play with u guys and enjoy a block party for once
0	@yelyahwilliams alright. i REALLY wish you guys could've done a show in tennessee  because now, i can't go to one of your shows :'(
0	@jovenatheart you never follow me I sad  LOL
0	Shoot. Only 12 miles
0	@siiyu she could have been a lost dog  poor girl
0	@MrSucre lmao i sure did!!! no luck though
0	The girl across the hall says her cat got out when the landlord was showing her apt.  so heartbreaking
0	Feeling bad for my little sister. Put a lot of money into her Saab, took full coverage off it last week, and totalled it yesterday
0	trying to spending time away from the reality....broke my heart again
0	Oh no! Poor bears  i just had a nightmare i wrestled a huge snake and won
0	i want my ben and jerrys now lol, TWEET PEOPLE im bored
0	not feelin 2day
0	Going to an engagement party tommorrow night - it should be mine, but its NOT!  Stepping off the soapbox.
0	@SeviDesigns It'll be delivered next Friday.  That is a looonnnng way away with 5 people! Guess I'll do laundry next week at mil's.
0	@audreyallure - I'm really thinking about staying till tomorrow .. I have to be back in Philly 2nite, but I wanna stay so bad.
0	feeling rather peckish...no dinner for at least 2 hours  wah
0	On my way to lake geneva and I miss my laura
0	@CCNKAddict I know... it just falls right at 1pm my time, like right in the middle of the day
0	@wimnms well i miss her i think she would really like it  re:trina
0	@ChrisEfs i tryed that the other day but they werent giving up what they were using!
0	Nothing like waking up slow in the morning. Docs appt today.
0	It went really well! But the vid didnt work.  im sad
0	missed my friggin hair appt!!!
0	@Quinztar Oh no, but that means that you won't be able to get pwned by my shottie this weekend
0	hillsong tom. night, and dad's birthday! i wish i could see him on his bday though.
0	@meiko911   didn't have time this morning to go all the way across town to take a pic (SO SAD)
0	@marisatangorra it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because im sitting by myseld in the lrc
0	. @wickedblueglow he's in bed sick. Heavy fever. Went to dr's. Part of the reason i'm watching Aladdin 2 now and still haven't been fed
0	@tojoha1 sucks that i had to delete it
0	I hate taking lily to the doc to get shots. It makes me super sad
0	@gealbhan_beag     I hate cat pee.
0	@reverieBR That sucks. I hope you find a new job soon
0	WOW, got killed on first wave of Horde on Gears. FAIL
0	just got back from NOM NOM's at our favourite restaurant here in Haarlem. I'm sad, I will miss eating there, the food is INCREDIBLE
0	I worked at a car plant once..nobody believes me though. I repect all the hard workin folks in the world.
0	i have runny nose... i can't breathe.. terrible feeling...
0	@rakka oh no, you're gonna have to break up w/your ups guy when you move
0	Its sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on, Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad.
0	My peeps is coming from chi*twn today for the weekend to hang w me and i dont have any time  always workin!
0	Bored and lonely at work
0	The stratus is going bye bye today  i loved that car in high school #fb
0	LA unified summer schools drastically cut due to CA budget  cuts. Very sad
0	@eoghancasey oh no!!    i wish i could lay out in the sun!!  i have no garden...LOL
0	@Orion_Girl OOC sorry we keep missing each other...
0	@GabrieleDurning  sadly we were too late for TraceyCakes, but we got them elsewhere- not the same but still yummy. Tea w wee on wknd!
0	So from this moment foward, imma have to spend my money wisely. No dress and shoe shopping every week. No more pigging out @ my fav rest.
0	@KING617 I REEEALLY wish I could be there  haven't been n a while.what's goin on down there lately?
0	hates everything about seafood..esp smell! just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
0	@tanyaahedo - I know! It was drizzling all the way to work!  Hope it warms up this weekend....
0	@danger_skies miss you too :'( it is!i never want to come home.....seriously
0	OK, home made pizza tonight, but horrors, I've run out of anchovies
0	@Pretty23rd I wasn't feeling it
0	@kheiny so the beneath show got cancelled BUMMER! i guess i wont see you til cornerstone  who are you goign with?
0	is off to get the boy and then to his doc. Persistent coughs are not good.  http://plurk.com/p/x285t
0	this evening,picking up n'pop and go for dinner at Ta Lum Tum Tum (som-tum),Major Avenue..decided to go home(not clubing tonite)..
0	@spencerkeasey yeah doesn't that suck!  I am working with a Nano here so i had to take 75% of my music off!  so sad
0	My first car is offically gone.  good bye my turquoise topaz. You will be missed greatly.
0	@LimeIce On the way home dood.. Dont think the crappy vodafone gprs can handle yaymen.com
0	@redsoxgirl28 been there, sadly.  this isn't your first rodeo, my dear, I suspect you've learned your lesson?
0	Bushidokan class got canceled.   I'll just have to sign up for karate someplace else!!
0	@KoFiBaBy wats gooood !! miss yall already
0	this day cant go by any slower
0	about to head to Starbucks. was gonna take the bus to Paradise and Starbucks, but missed it by 2 minutes.
0	@smartie999 That's me on a good day
0	@xombie yeah, NO. I already called to ask.
0	@myersandchang it's not.
0	Hi ho its off to work i go again
0	@DavidArchie I listening Your album on youtube. So awesome. But i can't buy it
0	My poor poor mouth
0	going to work at one sucks, I miss happy hour at sonic
0	@JazzyLadee1908  I try pretty hard to engage everyone I follow! Some of them lack interesting shit to say so they end up unfollowed
0	@jewelinthesky was able to create an iTunes acct but can no longer redeem the Kris Allen album. note said it got canceled
0	Really mad at myself for forgetting about the May 24 deadline for the 40,000 mile award trips to South America on @UnitedAirlines
0	wat a stressful week i jus hope everything falls into place 4me
0	@sallyorourke What do you mean by your portfolio is sad?  No luck here.  I've applied about 30 places so far.
0	piecing a photo quilt for Boeing employees to be hung in Huntington Beach. Sadly, many people in the quilt pics are now laid off.
0	@flashlight Hah! Just wait till you turn 40
0	saying goodbye to @jesshowe for a year  she's been awesome in helping me fit into the team at Veritas!
0	@cheesetal i miss coffee
0	@bowwow614 Hey! Is it going to be viewable in the UK this time?  It broke my heart when I couldn't play the last one  haha.
0	@ESPNCommunityEd Don't forget Nash, how disappointing as a Suns fan
0	i feel some type of way cause im not talkin to anyone...
0	I think I'm gonna try to go vegetarian again....and no soda and majorly cutback on beer...too many carbs....but its so yummyyy
0	@Champion1510 yeah... and neither of them are in huntsville   i would so quit both of my jobs here for one job there.
0	@YSLaurenT me too
0	@theemptynest  I've had that before...sometimes, they turn into other things; felt is very forgiving. Remould? Cut up and re-form?
0	@eeks_ I wish you were here NOWWW!!! grrrrrrr
0	hi guys just doing da usael notmuch really! &lt;3 sad me
0	@julnas But then you might end up like that poor bus driver...  And, this is kinda weird, but I wish I was there today! :o
0	@xbooernsx I am so jealous. I want a free hamburger
0	@sunflower_seeds dude don't say that
0	needs more followers
0	Grr...Fatboy Slim is out of the EDC Lineup.
0	i have a empty house and no ine to share it with
0	@reactiveretro yeah i agree, he was the best! aww why did he leeaave??
0	@Ohmahlanta Esther does not want to deal!
0	In checkout line...kate &amp; jon splashed all over us weekly. sad
0	@lilvanillafrop that's not funny
0	I need some motivation in my life, oh and some love would be nice too
0	bye bye South Beach....u never let me down
0	r @njsharkman  that squeeze bacon looks like poop
0	Well that's the last of the Fabs gone
0	*eekkk* back to work
0	I want to hang out and play!  But I can't.  Fiddle Faddle on my workload!
0	Gosh I miss singer's theater.  I miss learning music, doing acting exercises, n I ESPECIALLY miss being onstage.
0	@SoulAfrodisiac I feel you on that one....I moved recently and now the nearest @wholefoods is an hour away
0	It's gonna suck being the only sober one tonight
0	@theNetImp yeah... it's gonna be a long while for me.
0	HR says ca is taking more tax out of my checks.
0	Feeling bad for @taylorshockley profile pic
0	@itstrizunigs actually, the web works fine. tweetdeck seems to be the culprit  sadness! it's done this at two diff. locations
0	hate working when its sunny,boohoo
0	@shakes1327 Sadly no robot songs in my library.
0	No running for the past couple of days due to bad knee   Still, Guitar Hero Metallica arrived and has kept me amused...Time to ROCK!!!
0	@charlieskies  that is actually a better name than fluffballthegodzilla (my youtube username).  ive been beaten
0	i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert
0	why nobody write with me ? !
0	#hollyoaks .... The curse of justin strikes again.... Date the burton and end up screwed  poor sod
0	@joshuardean you are on mii shit list...Permanent mii dude
0	Oh no! I used my internal sig for an external e-mail  damn. #fb
0	@Mig177 its what i say why!!!! k4ge last day at the job today  we wont be saying him around anymore
0	I need to stop being sick.
0	http://twitpic.com/670rw - i miss my puppy
0	@SuprnaturlShana but he looks so much better with short hair
0	ah remember the days when you'd sleep in until noon? well guess who did that today? god i feel like a loser
0	@WeeWifie1981 lol, we are staying in, Craig got footy, so Molly and me missing all the good weather, we have no buggy either.
0	got caught in the rain outside. now im cold bbbrrr
0	goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was fucking beautifuul!!!
0	School Over!!! I'm gonna miss a bunch of people
0	I've got sunburn on my arm  In better news, my new Guitar Hero: Metallica game came and I beyond happy about that.
0	I'm missing everything at work  I want pix of @ipinklemonade !!
0	OMG i just realised while listening to &quot;perfect story&quot; penny liked dr horrible!!! damn you captain hammer!  omg im so sad now!
0	Schools out, but works in
0	Last business day of the month is the wrong time to get new tags. About 45 people
0	@hypernyck if i can get a ticket, but the pickings are lookin slim soo prob not
0	Heading to work - on my Friday off.
0	Is on the couch hungover--don't expect much out of me today
0	@ederyn Just bad day. T_____T Gyah. No car, baby-client is teething and miserable, I forgot to pack a lunch, and I has to get a new car.
0	Flash lost my frisby on a roof. Sad days LOL
0	i'm still here in the office...and the sun is shining
0	oh my gosh!!! hollyoaks was so sad tonite
0	Way to many people were crying at the school picnic and now I have to decide if I want to go back or go to public. I'm confused and sad
0	i bit my tongue sooo bad...it's swollen.
0	@AlexisTai please don't roll your eyes. I can't handle that.  *cries*
0	mcfly anit been on here in ages  z
0	Working during graduation. What a shame.
0	SPGridView is looking prettier, but I'm pretty sure my code is very ugly.
0	is feeling the effects of spring. My sinuses are killing me
0	Soo sad my McMcBuddy thinks I look like I could have a little rainbow  ... I like burritos ok! BURRITOS!!!
0	No one loves me  Brittany forgot my flowers...
0	@austincarlile I'm sad.  I want to go to the sd zoo. say hi to the giraffes and elephants and polar bears for me!
0	really not feelin well...
0	@McDayDreamer some..and some not  only my 2 best friends go to the same school..the others change schools.
0	i think june gloom has arrived
0	some advice for all of you: dont pressure wash your foot. it hurts and is not worth it. you really do want the skin on your foot. FYI. ow
0	Can today go any slower? Time is just dragging by.
0	Urghh, I'm gonna do my project now  don't wanna waste valuable weekend time
0	@CuteRain following 865 and followers 539...not nice
0	@LCPromotions  I doubt it! Boo! You always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!
0	So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? If they plan on keeping it around, I will not be drinking it!
0	@Maestro so I wanted to DM you back but I couldn't cuz your not following me  but thankss anyways, maybe ill see ya around in ELLE-AY  ...
0	is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold
0	Im sad right now becuz of my lady
0	wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding....bt....no transport arrngmnts wrkg out
0	will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio.   http://plurk.com/p/x2apl
0	@CaroTheNyx aww im sorry im home now hope your ok  i love ya wifey &lt;3 xx
0	Running around town with Kathleen....she's leaving me for a month..
0	its impossible to watch in full ANY flash video with my mac after 5.7
0	@TeelaJBrown i know, i was on the list, but had to miss out b/c of conflicting plans  how did it go?
0	watching the final episode of boys before flowers
0	Hey #socialmediatv ugh no way to do video&gt;blah {pouts}   (Social Media TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NjV)
0	is pumped and bummed all at the same time.......
0	Tonight the last night of Jay Leno!!!  am gonna cry like a baby!!
0	@jclayville // i feel your pain. i once lived in an apt for 6 mos where the previous tenant had 4 cats. burning eyes/tight lungs =  gregg
0	@dan87 where have you been, child? i miss you, we haven't msned in days!
0	Sad! Casue everyone is going their seperate ways! Never going to see my friends again!
0	I wish it would rain...but it won't
0	@RetroRewind dave why why why can't this happen when I'm not working and can listen?! :::whining big time:::
0	@unmarketing Fun idea. But, if we saw how clothing would really look on the slouchy, would we buy? Think not.   People R buying the dream.
0	Really sick
0	Hes just not that into you
0	i burned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,
0	is soooo hungry right now! Why is it not lunch time!
0	At pool in Orlando got new kicks  going to seaworld tommrow miss my best friend
0	Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!!
0	i made an okay rap mix   i couldnt have the stuff i wanted  im getting ready to leave
0	jus skinned my knee. Wat am i 6!?!?! Hurts lyke hell tho. Its always tha little ones that hurt tha most.
0	I am so sad... How come Pooch Hall from The Game has not accepted my friend request on Facebook Yet
0	I woke up an came to the realization that I can put it off as much as I want, but I need 2 drop some friends. Dammit!
0	my life is sad..just had reminder go off on my phone to recharge toothbrush!
0	Now I'm depressed again..ugh!!! HELP!!!
0	@jpaola no money no honey! hehe too soon  sorry
0	@ShaniquaDenise You are sooo lucky. My fiance is away w/the Marine Corps...haven't even seen him yet!
0	not looking forward to driving in this storm.
0	i don't like being sick when the guidance counsellor is supposed to take me + 35 other kids out of school for bowling &amp; pizza
0	@xnicoleex_ yeah sorry i was busy last night  ill try and go next week!
0	shit back home in tallcree (rez)  now i cant see my boyfriend
0	I just cried whilst watching hollyoaks  .. i need a life! lol
0	@itsonlytuesday I would if I wasn't working today.
0	@Skewp420 We can miss our babies together, haha. I'm dreading taking him to the kennel.
0	@melissaha What?! You have to be kidding me - it's an AZ landmark! This kinda news makes me sad
0	@amber_benson It's raining where I am. I wish it wasn't.
0	whew how did i end up going from mugglespace apps to youtube??? haha its just one of those days i guess. i really hate being ill
0	Ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend.
0	Doing dishes...i miss my kitchen team
0	@Victoryhawk Darn. No bacon
0	waaa the octo drive and i can't go for it
0	ah shit ... my chest hurts now
0	RAIN why must you come &quot;after&quot; I flat iron my hair? I have been rockin my curls for 3 weeks and today you decide to come out. not nice!
0	ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
0	Cancelling my JavaOne  http://ff.im/3nzTH
0	Spring cleaning for http://milliontreesnyc.org tomorrow. But the park I want to go clean is not accessible by public transportation.
0	says misses my cousins so badly!!!  http://plurk.com/p/x2bha
0	@RobertsEmma You don't reply to none of your fans ... I don't know what trust
0	@sandyvanessa89 awwh im sorry  it won't be much longer
0	so fuckin tired. didn't get home till 5:30. work at bjs at 12:15
0	@memphianmallory Too traumatic to even discuss and none of yall are here!!! Everyone has left for the weekend.
0	im sooo sore... my back hurts, my legs are weak, and im dehydrated. i have to go set up my moms furniture... gay!!!!
0	Rose City Sirens were uber cool last night!  Wish I could have stayed longer
0	stood on my curlers and burnt myself  then burnt my hand when i picked them up..
0	Is wondering what happened to the sun? Damn May grey!
0	Im feeling so nostalgic. Im sad. But happy. I don't now how to feel. It's over, but not at the same time. It just feels over.  i love you.
0	fuming over ebay purchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it  %$&amp;!
0	@eddievedder no such luck and u aren't coming to Detroit  Luckily, I'll be seeing u and the crew in Chicago
0	is doing nothing  lol
0	@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me? Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y'all take trips to Miami... we go to Arkansas
0	I wish the sun would shine. but it won't
0	@chrishornby Very. I'm ill and attempting to remember lots, and nothing is going in.
0	Cried my eyes out watching My Girl last period   hahah
0	@KINGDINGALING_1  @wendi916 is leavin bc of racists *starts cryin*
0	i'm hungry but can't eat anything right now because my tongue hurts so bad.
0	Hey guys I'm back from work.. It was kinda horrible
0	aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she won't be working with me anymore
0	Leaving SF soon. I just might cry.
0	I need a restful weekend, but I will have to work instead
0	@mraeannon thank u!! I know I'll miss u too  Ill take pics as soon as I get there I need your email txt it to me or something
0	@petewentz im so jealous. i want an octo drive
0	@rizzzky he's retiring from the tonight show  im so bummed. he was awesome ha. AND CONGRATS MY DEAR
0	@hereprettykitty You mustv'e read my mind. I WAS going, but now it's thunderstorming AND I have to pick up the boys from the bus stop
0	@ptwaugh xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. I was...looking forward to that.
0	@stargirlreads i cantttt.  my grandparents are here.
0	ok so everyone is out an im stuck in bored and ill
0	the downside of getting TDL 3 days early is that i won't have time to read it til next week anyway!  but still, hurrah *clutches it close*
0	@HMXCasey I sorry
0	@katschio  I was completely enraptured by your fascinating updates on your testing! What will I do now?! Oh, wait--Yeah. Work. Of course.
0	I miss @BillieSyadrie I'm sorry for being able to call you when u already sleep  I love you,Have a great trip tomorrow! Send my ? to them!
0	In school ; With Victoria &amp; Bryan (: _ no more school soon, sadd i am
0	Got a right bad headache
0	@lizridley no, i do better with people i don't know  @autumnrose8683 you're going to chiodos tonight, right? just kill something for me.
0	Oh why does one of my monitors have to act up when I have a deadline?  Oh I'm an unhappy camper.
0	Just got home from work.. My feet are killing me
0	in less then a min i lost 2 followers
0	@reemerband Hiyaa! How was Tour? Really disappointed that I couldn't make it   Hope your all Dandy ;) xxxxxxxx
0	@KatieKilljoy I wanna play with you tonight  *pout, pout side face*
0	Nothing like getting to work and finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week... looks like another 40 hr work week.
0	doesn't wanna get dressed up and be an adult today.
0	@giordanobc I know how you feel.  Takes far too much time out of my life!
0	Not to thrilled about the marathon this sunday, they assigned me on the street. Less $$$
0	want my new lappytop now, but the site says it won't be here till 6/9
0	@BusyElleBee That ur anti is what I understood from the message. Sorry left off ur don't vote BNP msg at end due 2 space
0	getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me
0	so glad it is friday  two classes, then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today
0	I should be in NYC right now with some of my favorite people but instead I am stuck in RI.
0	@Klzm31sT me too.
0	trying to find some friends and not having any luck
0	@hatcherdogg Would love it but have plans
0	Hmmm, I just realized....I didn't have any bday cake for my birthday...boo hoo!
0	@grossnoises i miss yoooouuuu!!!!
0	an ultimatum is an ultimatum no matter how you dress it up.  and that sucks.
0	Got 2 get ready 4 work  would rather be fishing!
0	No No No @ankita_gaba will take @Shadez away  Not my day! #shadez #twpp
0	Work is MAD blocking sites! No fun  but they aren't blocking facebook, twitter &amp; youtube
0	@RobPattzNews DIE!  gosh.... i will die 'til movie awards
0	wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed
0	i want to see the next gossip girl episode!
0	The Killers are coming to TD Banknorth in Boston on 9/4 at 7:30pm. And, I can't go.   Everyone else should go though! Tickets on sale Sat.
0	@anachronous I miss you
0	Boring day today. Broke so I can't go and see my friend's band tonight  Maybe The Q tomorrow though.
0	he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa, i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..
0	wow i just woke up and read drews blog .. oh man im seriously crying right now
0	disappointed! I forgot to tweet something really inappropriate @graphicphantom yelled in whole foods yesterday &amp; now I can't remember it.
0	All my loved ones are leaving on Sunday..... sad
0	@Agent_M that just gave me that sick-to-my-stomach feeling  ppl like that don't belong in regular society, ever!
0	uploading PCD onto my iTunes xD i used to have it but certian events caused me to lt sadly
0	the dog dug a hole in the backyard well iwas sleeping, now im grounded
0	my followers went from 22 to 20  i'd follow you back but i cant do anything till i get interwebnet! I want more followers. Im interesting!
0	Another Qi about to start....I'll be missing the next 4
0	Bout to get ready for work ugh i hate workin on fridays
0	Jenn jenn jenn oh why oh why won't u pass on ur iTunes knowledge onto me?
0	At Spring Awakening...cannot wait for it to start. Last time I'm here ever! Boo, sad times
0	@citygirllife I'm so ready for the weekend. Did you see all the flash flood warnings for around here?
0	Friday is not treating me well so far.
0	in accounting class ; then detention after
0	Sorting out Twitter issues....very frustrated that you can't talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges
0	Oh my god...my favorite havaianas just broke after three years or service  they will be missed. and they were molded perfectly to my feet
0	fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts
0	As Simon/Idol might say, 21life sentences not good enough for Chester Stiles. How can one rape a 2 year old child?!  How the F?  Why?
0	@dawl83 how you get a day off and you still aint hit me.. Where is the lOVE?
0	Just dusted &amp; vacuumed apartment.  I think I need another new vacuum...my entire apartment is smoky.  I just bought this one from Kmart
0	Man work is so busy today  2people called in sick and the old perverts keep rolling in  sadness abounds...
0	@kattekrab No tango icons in this revision.
0	last day at the Ko Olina.  off to north shoreee(:
0	@lauriedriscoll did you finish twilight? i did! and i wish it wasnt over
0	follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me? woot #followfriday
0	Long day at office again. Tiring week
0	damn, I paid like $16 my first Slightly Stoopid show and now they charge $47 a pop   makes me sad...
0	@mrkris really?  dang.. I missed it   *sigh*
0	needs somewhere to go...its still lush out + i want to be back out in it
0	going to miss springwatch tonight  going to have to make do with my own garden!
0	@eraticschematic I'm pretty bored with it too
0	has just received a phone call for new patients...i guess that means work for tomorrow!
0	Tried to do an Audioboo recording but it' distorted due to the high volume  #OBS
0	@wyatthaplo I can haz beer too? Oh wait... I'm a work...
0	@shaaqT @primaveron to mast ladki patata hai chal jiske sath bhi jaye khush rehna...will miss u my love...  #twpp
0	is updating an old ipod...sad...i miss my orange nano
0	@lululemon thanks.  Sadly the streamline top II is sold out. Streamline trunk II is available in my size but that only gets me halfway.
0	lost my DC hat ..
0	Have I ever told you I absolutly hate writing emails, status pdates are fine but emails have so much...finality...to them
0	@Saniyyah &quot;My House&quot;...I like that club! I wnt there whn I was in LA!! U know I'm not going! That's on Tuesday..I can't
0	I'm pissed, someone took my wallet
0	@melii That's true.  It still sucks though 'cause I was all &quot;LOLOL I AM SO ORIGINAL--ohshit&quot; so. But yeah. Thanks!
0	I really miss Sebastian
0	@sianhughes_ oh god i just watched it to!! did claire escape? AGAIN!!! it was really quite sad
0	@xomorganjane aw, sad  I was looking forward to seeing you!
0	10 more minutes and i never have this class again. Its kinda sad cause this class is so fun
0	listening to @joeymcintyrye's Without Your Love...hes so tortured in that song...makes me sad
0	@tahitianmom that truely is sad news to hear  we are all created equal, so sad to know our neighbors are such prejudice people
0	@CrypticIrnAngel thats a bummer i haven't got one yet :/ been waiting over a year  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
0	@MandyyJirouxx but Today mtv does not allow us to vote
0	Wish I didn't have to work today.
0	Its rained ever day in Miami since I've been here.....
0	i wish i were hanging out with kobe right now
0	Guess I'm gonna try the nap thing again 2day, but since my kids haven't cooperated with it yet this week I'm sure 2day won't be different
0	i neeeeeeeed music suggestions but no one will give them
0	Just lost respect to someone.
0	Sims 3 wouldn't work on my old macbook  hope to get Sims 2 by tomorrow.
0	@nikkilynnsd aw i wish i could.  i have to get ready for atlanta and i have to come into work since I am behind on work
0	MIT bookstore has best book selection, but it's the one bookstore I have no coupons or discounts for
0	about to start getting ready for work.  took lexi out to the park earlier! wish i could lay around ALL day.
0	@lyricals don't care about my struggles..
0	i miss my boo  on another note im soready for this game to come on tonight...fox grill anyone???!!
0	@sunilsebastian I still have a lot of time on my stupid contract...  18 months before I can change providers
0	at least 3 more days
0	TGIF!!! But also sad that this is last day I get to work with my favorite TV reporter
0	@YasmineGalenorn depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. I want your book!!
0	@simplysinister that sucks  I seriously hope you feel better soon, you need to come over next week!!!
0	@kyle_newman i just called and it's sold out.  bummer. next time!
0	Im wishing that i had the weekend off so i can go to SOL.
0	@thriftymommy well my daughter is 20 now...thats why I said 'I miss those days'...they go by sooo fast
0	spending most of the weekend working.. that doesn't even sound fun
0	@BiffBarker Ohhhhh how I miss the Brunch
0	Oops, forgot we are having a barbecue at work today! I didn't need to pack a lunch after all
0	I am so jelz. I want a house. &gt;
0	and wtf at little 9 year old wanna be thugs? ugh why can't everyone just be friends and not in cliques like back in the old days
0	this is a horrible day.
0	@BeateVeronica I'm jealous - I would love deer steak. One of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together
0	Checking out zensify on my iphone. works fine but no landscape typing
0	Stupid net  we think mum broke it. Again.
0	No shoes for me.
0	is up at the hub for day parade again (of course) and they just cancelled the castle show mid-show
0	installed the new modem which is meant to run 5 times faster than the old one and its slower  what the hell? gah slow internet kills me
0	No pool today.   Stupid weather.
0	Roscoe - Smooth Sailin' WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT THIS SONG?????? RAP FRIENDS U HAVE FAILED ME
0	@MAMAHINAi was on the list, i paid 5 to get in, but if your under 21,you cant go in and out, but it was gettin so hot, so we went outside
0	Wow, my bed is SO comfy &amp; my nap has been much too short. Getting up for work = do not want.
0	I have not recieved any mail in over a month  life is boring
0	Where's my Happiness?
0	Was a little slow to try this one, but Ben &amp; Jerry's Mission to Marzipan is a bit of a letdown.
0	Not feeling well. Food poisoning.......
0	Powerdvd doesn't want to play my Pushing Daisies dvd. I only want screenies to make icons with! Copy protection gone bonkers?
0	at home sick
0	I miss you
0	Now @mumbly_joe is trying to guilt me into coming to Alumni Weekend. I don't think I can make that either this year. I suck a lot.
0	SICK again
0	I'm so sleep deprived but it's to hot to sleep.
0	http://bit.ly/253ce  :: I got bit in the face by a doberman when I was four years old, I just wanted a kiss   My neighbor had about 13 ...
0	on my way to my dad's with my sistas..  r.i.p. Deb..
0	@Exprincess http://twitpic.com/67318 - *sniff* i feel so left out!   *grin*
0	At home sick.. On a friday...studying is all im doing at this point.. My weekend is so ruined
0	Had to eat my sandwhich since guys were in a meeting. No sushi to brag about.
0	Facebook Farm town become slower and slower
0	Not good news  Time for an incredibly hard decision.
0	Today more sore than surgery day. Glad I took extra sick day.  Full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  Calling lawn service firms today
0	I did the dishes and I'm now on a train to Newcastle. Have to leave #nontweetinggirlfriend behind for 2 weeks, which is always a bit sad
0	wants to go out tonight but cant get home
0	@Dayna_aka_Rowan he could be talking to me  (he's probably not though ;) )
0	@grahamcoltonfan hahah me too!! Except for when Haley gets hit by a car  but yay Leyton!
0	It's Going To Be A Busy Day  And That Sucks Cause I Wanted To Spend Time With Someone Earlier Today
0	http://twitpic.com/674p1 - @JTHawthorne this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but I lost the shirt
0	is sadly sitting at home when she could be going to a partyyyyy
0	@grrachel  that made me sad..
0	I need hugs from Joe Jonas
0	@Elleipein aww honey I'm sorry
0	@ClintonSparks I told u I tried but 88 said it was 2 late  cause the girl I was with took 4ever 2 get ready. they wanted to meet up by 11.
0	hates the sound of silence..doesnt like being shut out..
0	Got up early did a shit ton now im headed to cherokee park to run  and walk !
0	My arms are making me want to cry... and also because those shots made me sick
0	@ jimithy1: can't come  msbj&lt;3
0	@thatchmaster i miss that place, but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans
0	not really in the twitter mood today... i don't know what to do
0	@Knownhuman damn - that's sad, then... I haven't heard the new one yet. Sounds like I've been spared a tragedy.
0	i wanna see 'up' tonight, but no one will go with me. whhhyyy
0	Evaluating my people...Dont like this part of the job
0	does anyone know where I can watch the prison break tv movie? It's not on itunes
0	@BonesCrazy24 I've had the week off too...but I have Biology  exams to revise for so my Bones time is limited
0	Edge left me off the contributors list in this month's issue.  x FFS. &lt;- Werd
0	In denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.
0	Last day in maui
0	@tapulous where's the UK love?!
0	@1jaredPADALECKI 5 seasons that's it? Sorry just noticed in ur previous update. My sis isn't gonna be happy
0	oh how I miss my truck... I could have my whole place moved by now...
0	is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!
0	Laundry time and LOTS of it!
0	@princeofcode Sorry we couldn't get the project working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of folks came up afterwards and saw it running
0	Still white despite being out for ages in the sun
0	I feel like I'm going to toss my cookies
0	Off to Nanaimo 2day... missing my son already and i havent even left yet
0	Bad day at the office. In a horrendous mood  Was it national 'Act like an idiotic buffoon' day today and no-one bothered to tell me?!!
0	SHIT I lost my Star Trek ring!    Starfleet Academy class ring w/ Golden Gate Bridge on it.  Got it as high school graduation present.
0	@tessonfire I feel almost empty inside today.  Not a good feeling.
0	@Valholla that's sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend?
0	@GeneralTekno I won't be getting any ROTF toys 'till MUCH later.  Tell me if anybody isn't/is worth getting.
0	Friday night is never as fun as it should be when you have work on Saturday morning
0	@dfizzy you're so lucky. we have 6 weeks until summer
0	Im sad...there's a for sale sign in front of my house!!
0	A little 3 mile run done!  22.5 minutes...  I'm exhausted!  Not impressed with the HRM...
0	i feel so bad when the kid is sick
0	melissa_leah: my car wont start.......
0	@cacaubrazil that's not great  guy related??
0	@danisometimes  sadness. you could hang out with me and feel less apathetic.
0	Mean people suck.
0	we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle,,,,, man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes
0	@japanimated I miss you too
0	@Spacerbunny oh that sucks!!!  Thank God for your laptop!!
0	@MikeyUnderwood so no rice or crusty bread with the chili .... aawww
0	@Totally_Toni   i'm having one of those days today also
0	slept with my eye open again- hurts like hell... wish I could find the eye lube stuff to make it feel better....
0	I'm suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but I can't get up
0	u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends? i know what you get from me but i'm questioning what i'm getting from u.
0	@qdakid Q, i dont get love anymore  ?
0	@Cherryadestains It was blatently your fault for just shoving it in the bag when I said no  I felt that you had very much tricked me. xx
0	@MelissaPan awe yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier &gt;.&lt; yeah I'm tired, revising history
0	Ugh, I don't know if U even care about Nicole Richie, but I do and C that I missed her on TV last nite despite the twitter  @JennOrtigoza
0	George is sad because he can't go for a car ride with his dad  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877274
0	sick  and HAPPY 13th Amanda
0	@tatrtalk I wanted to, but I sadly work today.  Normally, I don't work Fridays, either.
0	Willie is pouting because Grandma didn't put any treats on my food  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877293
0	So tired n sick-what the fuck is wrong w me
0	is really sad about her nephew  but keeping busy sorting out items for BWM! http://bit.ly/N9tsM
0	@MajorSpoilers majorspoilers.com has problems - cannot get the site working
0	@pollybowles don't say that - I really miss my red Porsche (sold it 2 yrs ago)
0	just played like, 5 games of dota hahaha. I wanna go home
0	On my way to get the crate and Bella Dolce!!!! Sad cuz @livingdeaderin is going tto Richmond
0	@PrinceTerrence TERRY TERRY TERRY!! i miss you
0	@lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv &amp; news coverage of cycling here anymore!
0	@mtupyro - don't feel bad. I got a foad for a promotion here too.
0	Is at the botanical gardens and its beautiful but she forgot an extra memory card so no pictures today
0	moving offices  I'm going to miss you Hollywood.
0	2 days without sleep and now a migraine. I thought life postR01 was meant to be relaxing
0	Please help me get this song out of my head
0	Im in science!! very boring
0	@deevazquez Lol. She's offering me a case of guiness!  can you one up her? If you buy me two I'll stay. Let's start the bidding wars
0	watched prison break special, such a sad ending
0	Aww @danbharris is getting married, congrats to him and his new wife! Now I miss the WN Weekend people
0	Spent the last hour signing yearbooks. I'll miss you guys!
0	@danielbachhuber if so, the TMobile G1 is the Hummer H1. I wish I had the battery life of an iPhone!
0	Oh no... The sun's gone!
0	@NateBodnar are you going with jordan? he told me to come but im stuck at work
0	@nippysweety Thanks very much for the #ff @nippysweety ! My only one today
0	@revfry his fam would disown us if we weren't there!   Both of us really wanted to come to the bbq  but got our weekends mixed up -
0	@Pristina I hide my berry like a slave REGULARLY only today I was caught by massa   &amp; im def not light enough to be a juice pouring slave
0	i'm out of books to read, movies to watch n stuff to buy...i'm bored!
0	Sad to say bye bye to these beautiful mountains.  http://twitpic.com/675ks
0	I missed @tapulous giving away a TTC code
0	#twpp and no one told me?
0	Why don't you make me feel like you used to
0	@AttyBowen me and Arlando are totally done. I havn'e talked to him in a LONG time!Now I just have to find a 'worth while' man...
0	I Wish i was still in Cornwall - i miss my auntie's dogs
0	@hitekfame my bad... I am always running...
0	Ok, WTF?! Why do you have something on your menu *in the window* if you don't sell it?! I wanted my bubble tea
0	@majayy what about me  I miss you too!
0	@lisibo ooohhhhh - sorry  So sad - never noticed the dollar signs! #oxteach
0	Ugly betty was sooooooo sad!!!
0	Only have 80  followers... So sad.
0	Senior video in mustang update. I'm gonna cry
0	I have to wait until I get home to watch the New Moon trailer clip. Stupid work Internet access restrictions
0	Its so cold! I wish @shelby_says or @tattoos1985 were here to cuddle with me
0	Back at home and phone my grandma... I love her and miss her
0	@Ilovefal b/c &quot;we&quot; ONLY have Baby Phat, Phat Farm, Applebottoms &amp; FUBU!! And they come up pretty WEAK!! Double
0	There is no good place to grab a quick healthy lunch in downtown Golden. Looks like it may be Safeway
0	Wow. Way to be discouraged  idk anymore... fml.
0	@PvtMarcus I always choose to be a good guy, even if I know its only a game, i feel a bit bad doing evil things
0	dam i missed hollyoaks 2nite!
0	Bitter sweet moment... Want to leave but have nothing to go home to...
0	I definitely missed listening to The Spill Canvas, I miss seeing them live as well  &quot;Now I'm in stitches ooooover you and oooover you, oh&quot;
0	feel crappy today
0	sad day, redskins release Jansen   Best wishes to him. http://twurl.nl/ueivwi
0	prom tonight.. too bad im not going to be there
0	Bad day!  Work's TOO stressful...been involved in a minor accident, but everything's ok so far. Have to cut down immediately!
0	Ok grey/cold day in LA, listening to PJ Harvey, Jenny Lewis, Cat Power..I see a pattern here.
0	not sure where the real state market is moving  confused either hold or go ahead with the plans?
0	http://twitpic.com/675tw - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
0	ps it's rainging
0	@innonate @juliaxgulia Can't figure out how to reply on Tumblr sorry! I don't get into NYC until 6/4 so I can't go to any events b4 then
0	Not a happy camper  not having a good day at all...
0	@Fearnecotton I'm gonna miss the show  at whitby for the weekend! btw i love your show! Radio 1 is always on! ly x
0	running errands with geeta... feeling like i have the plague
0	Want to hang out with beth and tenaya and their hubbys tonight....but jon wants to hang out with some other people
0	Ha I got another #followfriday. take that @mage! oh... your listed too... thanks a lot @Lowjacker ya jerk.
0	i didnt get a hug today
0	Tonight is my last night in my apartment...
0	My cat died of kidney failure during my math test  This day needs to get better.
0	@TheHebrican can we trade weather? it's all gloomy today in la.
0	I feel actual heartbreak.. @Levanah_Gates last night  x
0	@amandadiva I've had to do laundry for the last two days
0	*sigh* Last day at work. I has an sadifying in my heartparts.
0	I missed the math trade
0	wishing i could go out of town this weekend
0	@NG01 you got it. poor thing not gonna have a choice for much longer though
0	@Zaidah1 i can't listen to music at work  I probably could try, but then i'll have to start hunting for a new job on monday
0	@ChrisSligh I am saddened to see you felt the need to comment about Clay. I know you don't care, but you lost one follower today.
0	i have the adam lambert version of FEELIN GOOD in my head... i miss idol already.
0	promised myself not to eat crisps but im starving and theres nothing else quick to eat
0	ok, I want to quit my job.....
0	@Suai awww me sorry.. its been so long.. u left me
0	My paycheck was nothing but a piece of paper.
0	@tahninial nothing, they make it up, last time i checked a jar of curry sauce there was no pepper inside, i was disappointed
0	Not eating funnel cake at Mag Fest is what I am doing
0	Wish I was going back to the lake for the weekend...had a blast...miss my lil bro
0	@laydieluck777 damn  real sorry to hear that ma
0	@meganduffy aww I miss u too! Haven't ate
0	@aliasgirl18 Exactly!  He wouldn't say it if they'd hinted it to him. I will seriously die with him if it's true.
0	@Katrinasummer Dude, I hear ya. I'll be 26 two weeks from tomorrow. I feel old.
0	R is going to be mad :/ Science of Sleep is missing and it's due back! I didn't even get to watch it!
0	Mexico City traffic  Beating the rush hour to make it to the Aeropuerto
0	@binary42 I'm sorry you won't make it.
0	has has an ok day with jo. She bit me and now its bruised.
0	@birdsandbones meeee too. i am listening to sad music and missing you.  ps - http://www.daytrotter.com/
0	@jennjolie yep... or it should b automatic that if u fall 4 someone that person does 2!or smthng like that... but the way it is SUCKS!
0	@sirhova its been clownin since it got flooded in htown in april. Got it repaired or so I thought.
0	I feel sorry for male singers.  they are never gonna be as great Zac Hanson! Pooorr fellas
0	@sarahfenn I prefer overcast days too. Sorry it's hot where you are.
0	ayy fml. nothing is perfect
0	@BabyStowz yea, feel like im bein ignored
0	about to start work and missing him like crazy.I wont be seeing him till Tuesday
0	@kurttheobald No problem. Unfortunately, I think it was just something I had to sort out on my own.
0	I know I shouldn't be saying this but fuck it..I'm horny as hell  http://twurl.nl/8q6cjc
0	home, don't feel like going to work tomorrow
0	@mileycyrus AHHHH!!!! Voting is closed for your categories!!!  I would have voted for you in them though!  I tried.
0	Had some fun in the sun,, Im not seeing my tan yet though      I want chocolate!
0	@Rckstar53 Why I gotta be all that?... I sad now
0	wish i didnt have to go to work tonight
0	Still not feeling well
0	Biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school
0	Fire call today missed it
0	was gonna go to my brothers show but still feeling like poo :**(
0	Is anyone else having a bad Friday? Is not a fun day today.
0	Is on 'msn', but nones on! :@  :'(
0	Best day at work, best weekend ahead. Hopefully I will have someone to go to USC with...
0	at the risk of sounding like a whiny child, I gotta say...I WANNA GO HOOOOOOOOOOOOMEEEEE!!! Ugh.
0	Prodigiy and The Crystal Method tomorrow for USC Birthday party and I have to work  first time I miss the Crystal Method. SAD!
0	@backstreetboys http://twitpic.com/3x3wq - impossible to know them closely
0	@jordanhowell nah just iplayer listening back to it, its not working
0	I just lost my favorite pen  good thing I have a back up =D
0	@AbbyRo good good same sched for me too sadly
0	@stephenjerzak awww i didnt pass my speech
0	Bye bye edinburgh  i don't want to leave
0	Kinda pissed really wanted to go see Drag me to Hell with Christina and Garrit, but I have to work till 2am  I'm go... http://znl.me/OSWGH
0	@tommcfly helllllloooooooooooo tom, gig tonight? sorry im not sure when your shows are over there! miss you in the UK  HI HI HI HI HI xx
0	what the fuck...ahaha i hate my life sometimes. why reply on only bad things  ..even if it wasn't bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
0	@Freebies4Mom will they have your video available online?  I have been gone all morning and missed it   after waiting so long 4 it
0	is not running in the Annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline &amp; its completely filled
0	@loryanyumul i miss you  when are you gonna be down in irvine again?? liz and i were just reminiscing about all our adventures.
0	The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What's worse is I can't even hold them and say I'm sorry
0	gonna do laundry....never did laundry @ a hotel before.....I miss you R.....even though you ignore me and don even check on me....
0	@Kathleen_Bee same here : /   Coincidently, my friend just cancelled our movie date
0	just woke up...dont want to go into work at 4
0	Done with geology!! But I'm really missing my favorite sisters! Especially because they can't go to banquet tonight
0	I'm so depressed right now. IDK...
0	holy wow, I think I could've slept all day! Soooo tired.
0	@MovieTFan: Well that is just completely lame. I'm sorry dude.
0	@ohcherub  Yeah I know what you mwan.
0	Senior's last day.
0	pics arent working for me here on twitter
0	is sad coz hyd theka's dont have beer
0	I'm so down again.  I wish I could share my problems with someone...
0	What do u see in her that i dont have  @Shadez
0	Where is the sun!!
0	Arghh, just found out @ianknaan is going to be here at Rock the Bells and I can't go
0	Fb I hate when I try &amp; support my local bookstore &amp; they never have what I need
0	have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation
0	It figures. It starts raining as I am freed from work
0	@supergirlnancy sorry  All the codes I have are posted on our site
0	@ekardmatt well you MY man, you and your truck are 900 too many miles away!!
0	Just found out that Mad Men season 3 is delayed until August.
0	@jonjordan w00t! Glad to hear it! Though I am missing watching it outside the Igloo by a day
0	why i still lose followers?  the people hates me, THE WORLD hates me or maybe ... Read More: http://is.gd/Jg3I
0	I hate not bringing my ipod to school
0	@jaycool2k I do want to go for Peaches... but also Miss Kittin, pendulum, chase&amp;status and the bloody beetroots! its not fair
0	Far too sick to sing.  I've got a post nasal drip and a sore throat, just sent my sorry I won't be there email
0	Just helped save a runaway dog. he didn't want to be my friend, though.
0	bad mood now
0	headache headache go away
0	@oleg_s Can't test it...my demo license expired yesterday
0	Ugh, still sick. This Calgary cold has lasted forever.
0	Still stupidly sick...cancelled our Philly trip. Sad day
0	Sorry. Just think - 2.5 hrs till 2 days off!
0	... Still feelin like blah... 3 more hours
0	@velmadaria i'm still thinking about that *FKC* meal I missed yesterday
0	Pouring outside.. Cleaning out my locker.. My bookbag is heavy and my back and arms are killing me
0	bored, everyone has a social life except me, and i'm babysitting my brothers tonight til 10 and i dunno if ill be allowed out after that
0	she's gone   I miss my kay way already
0	feelin lonely now after spendin the last 50 hours with my friends
0	i think i'm gay
0	I came home thinking that maybe there was something good to eat. Apparently not.
0	Looking for a special girl  im fed up of bein hurt
0	@aldenpolicar how sad! are you saying that I'm fat?  *tears*
0	@ the drs. in beverly hills...doctor's scare crap out of me
0	@stephmccall ugh I'm more worried about history on wednesday  I'm freaking out about it so much!
0	Haha i bet a man did make heels! Im sorry you hurt though.  I hope you feel better!  ~Livelovesing~
0	@jflutie u never sent me carrie. ur an asshole. but an asshole that i miss
0	I can safely say I won't be a euro winner this week!!
0	@erickaditioner noooooooo  i miss you sooooooo much, gaah
0	I have no friends
0	@RebeccaBlack_ I'M SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahahah you and rachel look so much a like.
0	has a headaaaaaaaaaaaache
0	@karenemcg yeah, that doesn't sound very good
0	crappy music on the radio
0	@XJakeXChaosX no  their playing in st.pete but its been sold out for months. im trying to go to the orlando one , i live in st.pete lol
0	@musecrossing it's not the 10.5% so much as the A)Sugar and B)Taste ... lord that'll put ya down, and not in the fun way
0	@MsTeagan Sadly cannot listen...  *sob*
0	Im so bored well this is a crappy first day out of school
0	i want to cry
0	@Ashleypeaces left.  so sad. waiting for mom to come home. want to have papa johns for dinner.
0	im soo bored...im deffo missing my music channels
0	@velcr0shoes Great... I'll check it when I get off work...  They block Sims at work...
0	@Ziggy420 my friday feels boring too. no time for fun today and not so much in the mood for it either
0	@wynstonfernando i have to take 1 class in fall  , its cool though.. im okay with that
0	@EMPSFM I had to work and missed it    Shannon could barely contain herself.  She had an amazingly good time
0	Sometimes I wish I had my hair back
0	@mtmodular Pixies - Number 13 gives me such an energy rush. They are playing a festival close to me in June, but work won't me me go
0	@birthdaytwin that's depressing
0	I just want this whole day to hurry up,
0	@AppleCharlotte unfair  I wanna go too.
0	@shi819 my gaming thingy. Mine finally died after 5 years. RIP.
0	@SlamboOutchea This is not my day
0	Yea baby!! Im gonna miss you so much
0	crashing from my WI high...missing mayfield
0	I hate being sick.  Make me soup?
0	So screwed for sat 2 us
0	The sun is not cool
0	is not feelin well... i feel sooooo weak....i hate bein sick in the summer
0	17 hours left of being a teenager.. and ill be sleepin for 8-10 of those hours.. how depressing
0	so wanted to go to the Basshunter concert tonight.  so so so wanted to.
0	i miss my boo
0	after bragging about kitten cuteness, my cat never came home  i wanna throw up
0	I really wanted that job
0	UGG WANT TO GO TO KAYLEN HOUSE BUT I CANT FINNA BE BORED THIS WEEKEND!!! UUURGG WANNA SPEND DA NITE  AND GO SEE UP AND GO SHOPPING
0	@One_Call awww i wish i could but i have no talking minutes
0	It's a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. The Speakeasy theaters are no more
0	Not in a good mood.  My mama's away with my sis so can't talk to either of them and my boy can't see me this weekend as planned.
0	man i fucked up that test  playing cod now . 31 days till the summer !
0	Is stuck in some long ass traffic on the motorway...I'm not gonna get home until after 10pm  I'm so tired...
0	its a beautiful night, im stuck inside feelin ill instead of being a crazzzzzzzy ass party!
0	@staceyi awww i missed it  twitpic?
0	I am watching &quot;28 Weeks Later.&quot; Not as good at Days.
0	@OGVENOE I can't die  I have a lunch date with rocio coming up plus some new shoes UGH!
0	NOT a good day. Sigh
0	My tummy hurts...
0	missin the #ia2009 guys really
0	@chezery and Im just going into work... if we were married, we wud never see each other
0	Gah, I'm jittery and upset for absolutely NO reason...
0	Rest in peace marshall
0	@iaretanja I forgot to put something  on that is very essential to my day.
0	Writing in yearbooks make me wanna cry
0	Heeder's again and on Monday as well... absolutely no plans for the weekend
0	@sweet_pea00 darn  i will think of you on our journey so it's like you are really there
0	@spyou Oh no!  I'm so sorry!    I hope you're back on the bike soon.
0	is locked out for the house! shit, thank god there's internet...
0	@angelofmusic11 and why can't toy story come out this june
0	@tina_beanz damn sorry to hear that tina...
0	Assfuck, &quot;I'm sorry&quot; roll. Okay I gave in.  I'm such a sucker.  http://twitpic.com/677xt
0	#thingsmummysaid  You are the result of a broken condom.
0	@pinksealight oh lucky u!! i need to send mines away to get fixed
0	My phone is so stubborn!! You'd think it had my genes or something!!
0	@thebeckyanne I'm giving my sis a show at my crib Sunday, she's an incredible jewelry designer, but you'll be gone
0	just watched UP in 3d - that movie is so beautiful but so sad at the same time
0	Also, WHERE IS MY TOY STORY 3 TEASER CARMIKE 14? YOU SAID THERE WOULD BE TOY STORY 3!  Movie theater fail
0	Porter is making be a sad panda
0	whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
0	i'm at work starving
0	@singpolyma aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh I hate the Internet  When will people learn &quot;native widgets are always best&quot;
0	Man it's two o clock 2 more hrs till I have to be at work
0	@ericcanaday is a no show for lunch. Eating solo at noodles
0	@ddlovato DEMI YOU WERE SO PRETTY WITH YOU'RE BANGS AND EVERYTHING .YOU LOOK TOO GROWN UP IN THIS PICTURE  i liked your bangs.
0	Hi, is anybody else having problems with the Karma site? It's not working.
0	I wish I was out of school...But sadly, I still have like another month left.
0	@sophhs cool. I'm tempted too see it again  I feel sorry for JB though because there were hardly any people
0	@arizonaobvious  that sucks
0	happy and sad  may her soul rest in peace
0	I think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. It sucks! Well off to mow.
0	@Xulap Consider yourself lucky.  It hasn't rained here in ages.   It's depressing.
0	I think shopping solves the world's problems. If only I didn't have to leave Atlanta tomorrow
0	Had to spend lunch murderin hits
0	@kerlikoiv very familiar.....sorry you're feeling that way
0	@bigcitysomeone  I wish I could go. See ya at Warped for sure tho!
0	feeling really dizzy  not soo good
0	From Portugal to Derbyshire. At least sun is shining but lawn looks like Percy Thrower is Gardner-in-Residence! Weekend jobs =
0	the japanese exchange student is the cutest thing i've ever seen. seriously HAHA i want to put her in my pocket&amp;keep her D:
0	@lowestformofwit
0	Rain finally arriving, drat. Guess this means we'll have to picnic in the living room instead of at WolfTrap tonite.
0	@AgesTheGreat ii DON'T HAVE ANY EiTHER
0	@contentwhore  lure her in with a foot massage!
0	@alltimebritt  why not now you made me sad I thought you'd be jumping for joy
0	Getting my hair done...missing him
0	O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
0	someone doesn't feel good...
0	@wholee Aaron and I are playing a gig at the Life Aquatic party outside of Austin, so I think we'll have to mis the TT Bday party, sadly
0	Aaahhhh poor Chops the pig !!!
0	@Saaaandra I want to go with you !  But I'm tierd....
0	@debby41 Your not alone im gutted i missed the convention too!
0	Stupid freshmen ruined theatre class.. Now we don't get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year
0	@LLDA  lo siento but I dint have enough room =/
0	Work, work. Me not that kind o' orc.
0	@AdotEVANS im having a bad day
0	@MandyyJirouxx  damn was about to call
0	I got a text from this guy who I don't like, and who has the same name as the guy I do! How disapointing!
0	As of tomorrow, both roomies will be gone
0	Just changed my car tires, cost me a bomb.
0	I wanna see my mama but she hasn't called me back yet  MAMA...MAMA!!!
0	All done cleaning! Taking a break...OMG my back hurts
0	Wanted to take a photo of the storm, but misplaced my camera!
0	Saying good bye to ronald today was difficult and sad well miss yuu!
0	I've just realised. I won't be able to talk to any of you crazy cats on Sunday. Is sad now.
0	Sitting, wondering, &amp; wishing for a bunch of stuff that will never be
0	@HalestormRocks I wish y'all...unfortunately I won't be able to make it...gotta work my 2nd gig today
0	http://twitpic.com/678hs - 300 yd drive within feet of the green. 2nd time playing the hole so doesn't count though  #bcit #golf
0	@Alyssa_Milano We had a local pet store get shut down last for something like that....it's horrible, what some animals go through.
0	@luuloo  im really sorry i know wallah how u feel this life is shittttttttt
0	lunch in the forrest ... its so baron.  fpu is so dead
0	NO ONE...THALIA AND FAT JOE----WTF IS UP WITH TERRI....IM NOT GETN NE FUNNIES TODAY
0	Yeah, that didn't last long..
0	#fieldnotes I ordered some on the 8th and they still haven't arrived. 3 weeks and still no books
0	@dougiemcfly ME TOO! hehe i hate colds. totaly annoying...
0	Work has really sucked the past 2 days &amp; now my 11:00 meeting on Mon got rescheduled to 9 am! That's just plain evil...i need a new job!!
0	Sad face moment of the day
0	Sitting in an almost empty dorm, waiting for jordan to come to take some last things and say good bye. He graduates tomorrow.
0	@SosiP oooh...I wish I could've gone there today, too!   I know Zach was looking forward to it.
0	@Zee I can't, #gravity won't let me.
0	@suzanella I missed mine, too. Not fun...
0	Had a relaxing day at the park in the sun. Back to work tomorrow
0	@MichyVasquez oh  just be careful on the road.
0	My friend's son just got to visit Daddy after 3 yrs. Denied cuz Daddy lost job &amp; could not pay a ton of support. Kids want parents not $!
0	@2Mbs: to triste
0	there's only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge...thank God. im addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin.
0	so im super sick w/ a fever
0	@chrisettefan HEY! aww man, no, i didnt IGNORE YOU i just dont have mobile web. so i can only txt.  i can see you unless i'm here &gt;
0	I am so hungry! And there is no food for me to steal
0	ughhhhhhhh i don't feel good
0	@emzo2k9 miss u m8   we NEED tae have a catch up n that
0	@MegFitzgerald my heart hurts too.
0	it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on All My Children.
0	looks like we're rained out for weekend climbing
0	excited to see &quot;UP&quot; for Logan's Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho.
0	Looking for food at home!.... nothing
0	I don't wanna go to work
0	.... So I always get left out
0	back garden times. my feet hurt
0	i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
0	@shawin That's the problem. The earphones I get here don't last more than 2 months, no matter what brand or price.
0	my phone is dead and my charger is miles away.. @T_S_R  i'll talk to you in august
0	@Eujean2 yeah
0	@sidrajalil1132 why were you even asking others then  you should have been enjoying the sadness of missing it like me.
0	@MicahJosiahD i really am going to miss you
0	Follow @Mz5thAve cause she really shop there!!! Even though she don't be showin love no more
0	I don't seem to have any photos of me and my Grandma together for tomorrow. It is heart breaking
0	28deg C in here, all this tech in my room does have the major downside of a lot of heat, doesn't help its hot outside 2
0	@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - well done guys! I am gonna miss the tweets!
0	failed inspection. Did you know you can pass wo/oven, but not wo/anti-tip bracket, which is only sold w/oven? This is worse than taxes.
0	Battery is going to die!
0	@daynah it doesn't work with the iPhone yet   I love it for the simplicity but I need to be able to sort tasks on my iPhone to be useful
0	disappointed the didnt win teh glasses.
0	Off to the porn store. I forgot to put Dave in my iPod.  Fail.
0	Well rite i gt a headache
0	@srubin sorry to disappoint.
0	This sars has really got me down.
0	@AgesTheGreat UGH! &amp; DiDNT HiT ME UP? OK  LOL JK. WHAT WERE U DOiN HERE?
0	i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme..  im so sad..im such a big fan..
0	I am tired.
0	I'm wishing I was outside instead of trapped in my office.
0	I shrunk my favourite cardigan.  Hubby said he'd buy me a new one. I practically lived in it and it's gone. I shall say a few words ;)
0	@BonDean Sad thing is that I wanted to work there for years, it was my dream job. Was crushed when I saw how crappy it was. Still bitter
0	Yep, @CAndymanTK9772. Sleep-fail. In another 7-8 hours, it'll be D&amp;D-fail.
0	@angiemartinez me too.  I was in Florida last weekend for the rain.  Came back home to RI, rain.  Terrible
0	...return my joy cos I'm so  Tired, tired of me Inspire the weary eyed to see the Ire and Irony...
0	officially misses Quark.  huhuhu! i had no heart hand partner and no one to dance with tonight! come home so... http://plurk.com/p/x2k1z
0	@zwriter Your missing qualifying  I think David Reutimann is leading with a 22.96 ....
0	@OliverPhelps have a good time!! Sadly that means I'm probably gonna have rain
0	&lt;i&gt;Waiting For Natie to come online I miss him
0	UGH... I am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note I got my G1 update &amp; it is the biznesssss!
0	havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter.. tweetdeck is broken
0	(cont.) Small children are not puppies. And cleche sarcasm is so annoying. Bcreative, but then again, that's too harrd
0	no one to go see Tiesto with
0	Watching Dr. Phil's special on same-sex marriage. It's sad how ignorant some people are
0	this sucks schools over and there is nothing to do
0	i feel like a fish. im in a big glass car dealership looking out to a world of people walking by having fun in the sun  and im stuck here.
0	I'm at work....bored out of my mind.
0	why did i sunbathe today  i look like a lobster, i feel like someones burning me alive!
0	@eddieishere can only walk on streets as am in london town....no fields
0	no #thedailyshow this week
0	Why does flickr no longer recognize my e-mail addresses.  I can't log in.
0	OH NO ZOMBIEPIX DON'T FOLLOW ME ANYMORE... NEED SOMEONE TO CHEER ME UP
0	Last day of work. Taking myself off of all these shared googledocs... actually kinda getting to me
0	@LiveFreeT  awww that's sad...
0	@CrypticIrnAngel Sad  nothing.
0	im very tired,bored and sad.what a great evening!
0	would love to say TGIF but working at 6am tomorrow
0	mad traffic
0	is working until 11 tonight  http://plurk.com/p/x2kbv
0	But i dont mind the long line when theres a super cutie in front of me. Too bad he's wearing a gay bracelet with a girls name on it
0	Loved the sun today. Did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  Need to shop for summer
0	Dane Cook is at the sports arena tonight. Wish I had tickets
0	What the fuck!? It's only 20:35!!? Oh my GOD! My internal clock really IS fucked up. Nooooo.
0	I'm gonna cry    I went bad at my History test ! I really hate History  !
0	Beta 5 of 3.0 expired today, back on 2.2.1 until the public release. I miss it already
0	So Chicago is pretty much sold out of tshirts now
0	WOW, i AM REALLY MiSSiN THE FAM(iLY) TODAY. BADDD.
0	really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
0	I miss my Nipissing pitas  Good thing we've got a Euphoria in Barrie, 'cause I would never survive summer without my pitas AND smoothies!!
0	omg! taylor and selena broke up  sooo sad, aw i think i actually like selena now. poor gal.
0	friend got mugged this morning
0	family comes. probably won't be on this weekend
0	@billiemcfly she said no not to nite  x
0	House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can't even Imagine Unpacking :-P
0	Another Friday night in. Man being skint is rubbish.
0	@realdawnsummers haha, because I'm at &quot;work&quot; and can't read anything
0	I knew Listening to Miley cyrus In The morning was a bad idea!
0	omg maddie in holby is dead. Gutted. loved Nadine lewington and really wanted Maddie and Clifford to get together
0	@zacofficial  i don't have twitter on my phone, it's sad
0	Awww my daddy! Got in a car accident! Pray for him! He's shook'n up a lil!
0	Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving.
0	i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day, everyday during the summer.
0	it was actually so hot today ..the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me
0	@Avas_Writer aww no which one?
0	@mileycyrus sorryyy milerz that i can't vote i would love to vote but it doesn't works i'm sad  and very frustraded  :@ :@ --__--
0	I wont be taking my test until 06/27/09
0	@glennbeck My husband is loosing his GOVERMENT job due to downsizing-he is looking for a new job but can't find one in our small town
0	@sky14kemea Yea, us 3 and Max @jenrolton Poor Trivun
0	Gonna miss my gurl while shes on her honeymoon
0	Have somebody installed vCenter Server 4 on Windows 2008 x64 w SP2?  SP2 is not in the compability matrix
0	So hyped about E3. I wish I could go...
0	ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh, still hurting from the Barca spanking
0	@latinamarie She's the ruddy manageress - 2nd bad job from her. I can never find a good place beyond 1 or 2 cuts
0	@BoHeMyth: Very interested. However, low carbs for the next month means no beer for me
0	fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..
0	i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo.
0	god... im suffering greatly... having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunburn
0	haha aww ok now back to bionomial expansion  ugh! joy
0	@Jennifalconer would like to swap...i'm sitting with 3 grumpies
0	@Kellz95 is making cupcakes and says i can't have any  kelli, you're a bad sister.
0	Nice days like this make me miss Alki
0	@Kenzonian Yes I do! And I'm still almost at my Gmail storage ceiling! ARGH! I am being FORCED to delete stuff.... or buy more space.
0	mom just woke me u[p and i am so mad i was dreaming about  shoes  she whants me to go to the river it is so stupid
0	@brran1 Hey you! Did you ever pre-order your Sims 3? I'm so sad Im too poor to get it right now
0	I hate car places  &lt;Jx&gt;
0	@Just_Cal Work or...(hehe mind in the gutter)! I'm sittin here doin this student loan thing.
0	So disapointed,good Evans,  they sound really bad, so out of tune  #britainsgottalent
0	@tmg25 i tried to help
0	soo sick. i hate my life
0	@omgamandanicole i dedicated that song to my VW when i sold it
0	Well - looks like Hurdle is out.
0	unopened pack of goat cheese starin me in the face. starving, din not til 6
0	Editing video in the van. I'm a little hungry and depressed that I didn't see Up yet.
0	Friday Night and working
0	@nkeathley tried to join the chat but the site would not let me sign in
0	Just lost Internet.  And I was in a raid for 25 OS.
0	Comp. Mental Health wouldn't take me. Samuel Rogers center in the city gave me appt. On June 8th. I have 2 days worth of pills left  &lt; ...
0	@KiwiiKink was it for the vma's? i guess so.. also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert, but no one's going with me
0	is having a profitable day!  Looking forward to Sunday...gonna be a great day -- sad, too, because it's the 5th graders last day!
0	@Kelly_StrayCat I sorry!!  Me no like when people I like don't feel well. Your tummy?
0	still freakin out about missing the game!!!  #jonasnewsongs
0	Mower shopping
0	I sometimes feel like the only person in the world without an iphone
0	I burnt my arm.  (just thought you should know)
0	twitter is trippin right now with my pic
0	@JeremyBeguhn have fun without meee.  i'm going to missss youu
0	My Blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh @laurensanchez ?
0	Gotta work.  Lonely weekend ahead.
0	@LiveFreeT because your mean to me and it makes me sad!
0	i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday
0	@iheartreading hey sorry i just got the tweet about the puppy... and someone already got it
0	I'm dreading hearing even worse news tonight
0	SEe waT I Mean bOuT FoLL0w fRiiDaYs... It'S cALLed LoSe f0LloWeRs FridAy... smH
0	In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry&amp;i miss alaska
0	@ottosdaughter sorry to hear that
0	FJGKFLD;'Sdh WHY AM I NOT AT HOMETOWN DAYS WITH MY FRIENDS.
0	@ZeenaBoBeena im sorry. I fail.
0	@MandyyJirouxx MANDY!!!  IT WON'T LET ME VOTE  I WANT HER TO WIN BUT I CAN'T HELP, I AM GONNA JUMP OFF A BRIDGE (KIDDING) BUT THIS SUX
0	@CASHRIC I MISS U CEDDY
0	So bored..need friends
0	Its raning!!! -_- really bad
0	Of course it rains five minutes after i finish watering the flowers. It took me half an hour to water all of them too.
0	Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! realy, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
0	ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
0	No show tonight  No plans. Ughhhh.
0	Off to take a math quiz...on a friday....booo
0	@Noufah aaaah I swear I took it by mistake  it was somehow attached with the charger -_- apparently it needed break from U huh!
0	@ThatKadyGirl every day of my life lately.    i feel ya girl &lt;3
0	i want to see my bud mel  miss hur loads
0	@mattdavey2 not happy
0	@leslie_pearlman  mow love mow
0	@veronica78 Oh noooo that sucks  Did you reschedule for another show?
0	just spent the day with Bridget and a small thing that got wind and farted a lot - oh yeah, her baby! Now slightly broody!
0	I wish I was going to see @patmaine @johnmaine @garrettmaine @jaredmaine @kennedymaine today!! I'm sad I dont
0	traveling to L.a to see my grandpa in the hospital...another road block for my family to cross....
0	@Dtballa2322 I want to Forgive and Forget this! Please and I dont like him I promise I am going to live without drama for now!So Please
0	@Anjeebaby Snap. I'm the same with any reality show. Watch the first and I'm hooked   Very sad
0	No one is at the tesla dealership
0	Stuck at work! Stuck at work! I'm hungry.
0	Watching Thomas The Train Engine makes me miss George Carlin
0	Why is it that &quot;shipping &amp; handleing&quot; are soooo expensive??? It is more than 50% of my entire order! Not ordering yet.
0	Wishing I could go with @boulderdiaries to SoCo to go climb, instead I'm stuck at work all weekend
0	lunch break's over, going back to work....
0	MediaTemple (mt) has awful FTP service
0	wtf come i need this day to go by
0	Ooh hayfever has struck..thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone...?
0	: What a let down! No MRI today, neurosurgeon didn't order it--which means we have to come back to OkC soon &amp; we no nothing new
0	Okay gots to go and now for the first time since it started will miss the Block Party on @retrorewind
0	watching Army Wives and it always makes me cry
0	I'm german i think i should be able to go to germany for free whenever i want...plz
0	It`s such a romantic novel!! I cried in the end  Now I`m going to bed. I`m so tired.
0	Not happy
0	@JhonenV I need horror to be lovecraftian actually, not enough weird horror movies.
0	the BEST day ever. I met the greatest 10 year olds. but i will never see them again.. AHH. i'll miss them (i saw them 1 hour xD) SAD
0	finally friday , but still grounded till next thursday    -- stereos = life &lt;333
0	@jennafletch at freddies having a cotch and LADYHAWKE is here, just missing you my bajan beauty
0	still no eat. still in office. and now i get sick throat 3 days before i leave for an air condition throat killing tour bus
0	@Leod_UK Argh Twitter didnt post my replies and tweets for ages  Aint up to much just enjoying the sun!
0	@KristinDaMama I work for Disney...not all it's cracked up ta be.
0	@roseCHARLOTTE oh my gosh!!! Tomorrow AS WELL!!!????!!!?!?!? God you're lucky, I might have to put it off for yet ANOTHER week
0	Off to the bank
0	im not happy   my ipod or laptop dont know whih but one has decided to refuse to let me sync my songs :'( how can i live without it :/
0	fell down while holdin kales hand today...I hurt my foot &amp; he bruised his forehead  im such a klutz!
0	@rpulse I clicked on the Check out pictures of Angelina and it went to a spam site about ordering checks .. go figure
0	Lobster dinner with MBA folks tonight, but no terasse, pouring rain in Mtl...
0	@gailmoscoso oo noo thats not good
0	feeling bad for Daisy, she cries in every episode       i watch waaaaay too much tv
0	I lost a follower  oh well probably one of those mute ones anyway.
0	I've been dead the past 2 days...the flu sucks
0	@skinnermike I told that joke onstage at Butlins in 1991. One person laughed. Scarred for life at 8
0	@AsaCavalli wish I was there wit you. Some other friend of mine r down there as well.  This weekend I'll be working
0	Oh I'm really tired of these migraines! #Endometriosis &amp; #Fibromyalgia &amp; #Migraines &amp; sleep probs just compoundin ea other since surgery
0	@BIOSShadow I'm not going, sadly.  Maybe next year, eh?
0	not feeling too great today
0	@dutchcowboys Huh... PR from 5 to 2..?
0	@tommcfly hey tom, i'm happy that you're enjoying brazil, but i'm sad cuz i'm not goin to see you in your show
0	i wish mum hadn't spent forever talking to me so i could call my kiera later &gt;.&lt;. i don't have much time left now though
0	Has work very, very soon. Way too soon!
0	@jgooden When you put it that way... it doesn't make much sense, does it?    ROTFL!!
0	Listening to Hey Zulu - Red n' Meth. Sux to be at work right now
0	I've experienced apathy over empathy in customer service situations too many times recently.
0	@RaptorsForum Sigh... you know I am...
0	Missed the UPS guy again! Ugh so sad  But i got some cool stuff today that i'm super excited about! And looking forward to tonight too
0	@CreationsWHeart Ive been wanting 2 but will be gone 4 2 mo. &amp; have to close my shops!
0	Finally feels like a nice summer day, and I'm feeling sick
0	found a swing set for sale 2 blocks from home, super cheap. I want it 4 my kids but no one is answering the phone # listed
0	I miss Heroes already  Come one fall!
0	All my spare time seems 'twill be spent doing homework this weekend.
0	I'm feeling so frustrated...I just can't get things to work!!
0	Ewwwy. Just did campus cleanup for community service.
0	@gfalcone601 that little girl on BGT! how sad! i cried  lol xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
0	@NathalieCaron I ended up not going because my left knee is killing me.  I think I pushed myself too much yesterday
0	Please don't vote for her out of sympathy!  #BGT
0	aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
0	Sitting watching britain's got f all talent, but have watched a small girl cry and it's sad
0	Bless the little girl on BGT!
0	@jennwadsworth So sad that schools have to close.
0	@Jennifalconer how tough was that, just wanted to hug her like my own
0	phone is still blocked only my fav 5 can cll me
0	@tyefighter I had to sell guitar hero with ps3 to fund splitting with ex
0	@gfalcone601 ino :O i was near crying for her  sometimes i forget that its actually live tv =/ .....am i talkin about the sme thing?:Sxxxx
0	@Abbyluvsaj nice! I wish twitter would tile mine
0	ughhh! this is the third bottle of foundation I've broken
0	@kezzawezz i want 2 but i dinna hink it'll get shown in elgin n got nae1 2 go with(n)
0	@Dorkus_ Well their not gonna fit her in with this big long advertisement
0	@decaydance --Nothing
0	@FTSKirstin im depressed like so baddddd.
0	@gfalcone601 Britain's Got Talent? Such a cute little girl. Feel so sorry for her!   Hope Simon finds the time! xx
0	@coollike  the cokies arnt real imaginary will hav to do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie...
0	No one is bringing snacks
0	ugh... dunno why im just not in the best of moods... how do i know if i have allergies? meh...
0	I want to join but i live in michigan
0	The bunny is longing for the hoodie she left in the car   brrr....
0	It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum
0	@0oMiriamo0 but i like the idea going to cinema, but monday....
0	@IMjustDaNNi Awww thats not fair to me. Now im a lil sad
0	@SOREALCRU its Gloomy in LA no sun  but its nice
0	Excitement: 8 new followers overnight. Sadness: 6 of them are ad bots.
0	@Mulla8285 Oh noooooo!!!      I'm so sorry!!  That sucks hard!
0	@siggidori sorry, I'm creating a new comedy style &quot;bad joking&quot;
0	Omg i'm going to robinson with tyler wfm. And i freakin miss anthony  ugh today kinda sucks. Lex&lt;3
0	Plan for this evening: dinner, shopping for dress shirts, watching Up, going to bed. Plan for Saturday: Funeral for a friend...
0	@Jason_Inc Sounds good. I still like Fridays although it means for me that I have to go to work tomarrow
0	Not making good time, fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07XOh
0	@robineccles Indeed I did get your song however am unable to listen.
0	@aaronhoskins I fucking miss that band so so much
0	miss my hubby already!
0	@randiellen03 Nofair! My BK only had Uhura and Nero left.
0	needs water, paper towels and coke from the store but feels too sick to go get it
0	@CagneyArtist ~ Sorry the response to my assistant job has already been filled. Please check back soon.  I'm sure she will not last long.
0	at home and sore knee
0	@TheRedHood its my going away partyyy @mandydiblasi 's.  you should come!
0	@stoya limited web access? i thought europe was a lot more &quot;connected&quot; than we were. regardless, have fun, i've never been to europe
0	@theroser i miss you SO much-o
0	That poor girl on britains got talent, god love her  forgot the words and cried  but gets a second chance to perform again : ]
0	@brran1 that really sucks - I think I might cry if I skipped over anything important I don't have. Comps are getting to be disposable
0	aWWW Poor Holly
0	@zhighlife people r weird
0	#justcause Summer Hours say our day ends at 1pm...doesn't mean I really get to leave at 1.
0	Time to take a astronomy test!
0	Getting used to getting up in the cold, but my asthma is paying for it.
0	Is actually workin the weekend...Not for it
0	Back from LAAANDAN.  Miss it already   check out my new giant purple bow and gold wing necklace. I &lt;3 TD http://tinyurl.com/m5y2mw
0	I miss my dog  r.i.p.Batman... Yeah, Batman (I really hope 'all dogs go to heaven' is true)
0	Wal-Mart orientation...it's work, but seriously...this sucks
0	@joemuggs urgh...Grime, me no likey
0	Don't know if I can watch Holly again, breaks your heart
0	my favorite curling iron broke
0	@VegasRex I wish I had time!! But its back to the airport already!
0	I've been nudged!!! not much going on lately umped games over the wknd and i took one to the pills
0	Ya'll I turned off my device updates and I can't turn em back on! I feel so...so...out of touch
0	didnt cry at the end but was very sad to see the last episode of ER. man that was a good series.
0	@_Toki_ the wee girl started crying and her mum came on, was such a shame
0	It's so sad  http://bit.ly/b8jTH  I love Kelly! &lt;3
0	@3RDegree09 man i still haven't seen that movie...too bad i'm at work
0	@chevelleluv p.s. sorry about ur uncle
0	I hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry
0	found none
0	@nesitajai ur leaving me for a week  i know i dont see u everyday but i like the fact that ur in the same city as me
0	Why did sound input for my computer stop working?  It's not the mic or jack (USB webcam mic doesn't work either) Checked input controls.
0	@Hardcore4 Damn Frat - that's too bad...  Should be a good show (at least I'm hoping so) esp. since it's in BK...
0	dangit. LSU w/ a 7-spot in B7 now leads Southern 8-2.  Was intentionally not mentioning anything and it got jinxed anyhow.
0	@ChelseaPiersNYC tiny.cc doesn't seem to load for me  I was thinking on going to the batting cages but apparently you gotta book in adv
0	@Myke329 yooo myyyyye bust how I'm sick tooo... Just shoot me.  Long night tonight.
0	@FreyaLynn dude fail.  i know exactly where this place is too
0	home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook
0	@ringqvist seriously...it only gets sadder
0	likewise @Buttahbrown you better ask about me ;)  I don't appreciate you neglecting the sir fresh.
0	I might be a snob, because my friend-follower ratio is 6
0	damm i feel like the song of dead and gone by Travis Garland
0	@taurenlegend it's kind of hard to see a pic of a doggie if the pic doesn't exist
0	saying goodbye to Papa....
0	But I have to cause I missed a lot of classes
0	I keep receiving beautiful pics of the beach from @Charleymagne while I'm in my office working...getting bitter
0	Is Home Alone Yet Again; Mam And Dad Rather Go To The Club Than Stay In With Me Or Take Me Out; Yes I Think That Proves How Loved I Am  !
0	aaaaaw i want to live in the USA
0	or even NOOOOO NOT THE SECRET NAMEREBECCA PLEASE
0	Another two hours of work. Ugh. It goes by so slow. And im sore
0	Today is 777 days until LeakyCon 2011. Awesome number but I wish it wasn't so far away
0	21 days away from being evicted
0	Got really sick today  text me later. Nap time
0	Cant find my red lighter that reminds me of Amy
0	reyt fancies a valentinos. Worst of times considering i can't have any
0	he wasn't there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy..but after
0	my head is hurting
0	I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to? It itches SO bad! Dang it!
0	why does @mitchelmusso never reply to mee  he must really hate me :l
0	Just getting back into the swing...Still sore from my surgery  and tired...Coffee time!
0	Lula is not feeling well.  http://tinyurl.com/m8kcsq
0	@lil_kimmeh Me too, I miss it.  I, however, will #humpthestump for the rest of my life.
0	@iGoByDoc Noes! No kills spiders. They are mostly good. They eat bad bugs. They make WEBS like we do. So you are smushing one of your own
0	Neil just picked me up for the show. My tailights out  cause of heartless hit and run.
0	This is a big weekend... final project is due Sunday Night... I will be at this computer all day and night....
0	My tooth is bloody killing, not sure I can wait until next week to get it fixed
0	lots of Reqs today.... no fun
0	@_iDANCE19 well yes lol ..  i had a chat with them earlier , there just not willing to learn anything else
0	Madly in love with The Row..wishing i had money
0	i feel like crap
0	The pool is just not fun without Tim in it...
0	@cassiefasho i wish you still loved me
0	I am very sad because I have gone on the show McFly fan I am of them!
0	ohh my tooth is hurts ohh  im sad it very hurts
0	Alexxx Im gona miss you today. Im so sad, noooooooo
0	@shanedawson Sadly I live in Scotland though Shane  &lt;/3
0	I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!!
0	@DimepieceMag Ahhh. U know ur sh*t...Love it!!! lol How's the next issue coming along? Been out the loop  sowwy
0	@ego_assassin  We are soooo sorry   We love kitties and know how much they become a part of you.
0	trying to straighten my hair, but it's too effing hot in here. also, i need food
0	you know what it is to see people you love most in his country and could not get closer?
0	dont wanna work tonight
0	Barg - We posted the GMOD to you for your birthday!!! But you didn't see it.
0	We're all a little upset cause Stephanie didn't bring brownies today.
0	Having asthma issues today.   BAH!
0	its friday &amp; every1 has plans but me..my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)My brother is out..my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone
0	@JJaneBB I didn't include that in my getaway music.  I fail.
0	@heidepaneer   We could probably get some $$ for it on craig's list.  List it, I'll cry later.
0	@wojo4hitz @marchingstars @winkiedinkie @erockett89 Now I feel left out...  All alone in AZ...lol
0	@victoriax64 im sorry
0	producing the 6 with @PieterBickford then anchoring... and a sad goodbye to Miss Lynne Ashminov  we will miss you!
0	Sulking at home while it rained was poor strategy.  Now i'm watching the sun shine from a desk in the Robarts reference room.
0	Is leaving Utah today  Super Sad Face
0	R.i.p. to my lil sis's cousins babyfather Jimmy aka GemStar
0	@shabooty are being douchie? lol...thats hilarious man. i have a headache from the meeting.
0	This week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo
0	@bloodyironist that sucks.  But woot for Misha.
0	@lizzerdrix I hate cottage cheese.  I even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries...I could only eat half of it.
0	I have to work tonight  But I get my paycheck!
0	@UncleRUSH so unfair i wanted to watch it but up came a message saying &quot;this video is not currently available in your country&quot;
0	in science class right now... urgh... stupid project.. don't wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
0	@tommcfly i hate feeling like this
0	@Aonir awww don't be sad  we'll download a copy for you!
0	@photogjack Yeah, the prices on the used market for Hasselblad are not even close to the way they used to hold their value. It's a shame
0	@megs775 I'm sorry Megan!!!    I'm sure he will find something quick.
0	My daddy left to go back home to Texas  i will c him hopefully n the next two months
0	Gained 3lbs wish I could afford something other than top ramen... If only I had a job...
0	gotta buy the second season of  ghost whisperer now, but noo moneyy
0	@TehBlue I don;t know how they interact. I'm getting better with the pain, though. I want to give my poor liver a break.
0	Getting one of the lil GEM's ears REpierced after work today- definitely dreading it
0	Maybe I was wrong, this week could have stayed good, but it didn't
0	http://twitpic.com/67f8q - This is making me sad
0	I'm bummed that the @retrorewind contest is only for the 48 states   What about Hawaii??
0	@FreyaLynn lol seriously.  fail. ::sigh::
0	@TraceeEllisRoss no not at all. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS!!!!  i have all the seasons.
0	Sucky day so far hope it gets better
0	@tromboneforhire No Zune HD at E3???  This means no games on the Zune HD like I dreamed.
0	Home from marble falls, back to reality
0	im watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies
0	@Crizzoid I cant stand summer fever (for me) and when the weather gets really humid  lol
0	And why do they think &quot;how much they want it&quot; is a factor? I really want to be 19 and fit again, but that's just not going to happen
0	@millionfagmarch ah, I misunderstood your message. but really dislike the F word in the url   good luck with the march
0	Apparently it's 21 degrees in Kilkenny now! And some comedy would be a great remedy to my boredom! Why the hell did I leave Kilkenny!?
0	So much for having a fun day off at the Brewer game... at home, sick
0	being LAME and not in deland with his favorite people
0	Poor little MBA is on fire again
0	@mrskutcher sorry Demi, just read post that you can attend BGT. Im sure your support for SB has helped tho  a world without paps PLZZ
0	@ddlovato or with other food like i can't put penutt butter in my bread it always broke my bread  y need to tosted TOO MUCH NOW
0	Demi is a super girl but she don't like the french fans
0	Staying after school today
0	wish i was camping at loch lomond right now  stupid work. what film should i watch?
0	lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
0	... lunch is no fun when you have nothing to eat.
0	@dorkybarb There are currently 0 penguins at the MN zoo...  but we can go sometime soon.
0	@saytri lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
0	@gi_ri_ja  it sucks, doesn't it?
0	Baby just left  gonna get ready (again) and I'm leavin'  Chilis = Full -_-
0	Sadly, the time has come to put my mom in a home
0	@KellyOlexa my monday starts on friday  but @ least I only work 4 days a week (long days)
0	@NightRPStar I don't think so. We just hired someone for that.
0	@MelanieRicheson - I used to have NKOTB sleeping bag too!!  I don't know where it is now
0	no class the next two days...but work  everyday from today til next wednesday  so sad
0	@lovekelsey she's not coming to detroit  only grand rapids in october...
0	@socha4e Me too! I know  I miss all the excitement lol
0	http://bit.ly/GQdbD  one of the saddest songs I've ever heard
0	wish it wasn't raining
0	http://twitpic.com/67fue - My formerly pretty car
0	@ it hurts me that my sister has so much potential and she isnt using any of it  what a waste of God-given talent.
0	back to Salvador. Wish I was in Sao Paulo to see the second concert
0	Draining my iPhone battery in half a day without making a single call sucks!!! It's only 9 months old! Huge FAIL on Apple's part
0	@Lakers Stu Lantz is awesome! I miss Chick Hearn tho
0	@Samm_xx awww, that sucks
0	@mitchelmusso Im sad i cant go. it makes me sad
0	So sad they discontinued my sesame tofu salad at trader joes
0	Gonna miss you Nanna &amp; Bampa, She going to the lake disdrict ):  Omg !! got disney channel. Miss you baby matt  Love you x Will do mitchel
0	too cold to take the boat out tonight   might go out anyway, but danvan isn't in operation either. BUMMER
0	@Aonir I'm trying to convince @janeylicious to wait a bit to see Up! as well. She doesn't want to see it with me
0	@TheRankinFiles to be fair, she was asking about mktg cd's, etc, but I suggested more and she never even emailed back.
0	@davidismyangel is enough time!! (if i get into VIP!) but i know that doesn't make up for it  at least they'll have each other!
0	You can't even gift money away these days.  re: http://ff.im/3lqUx
0	@AnhHoang ?? Sorry you posted the vid again, but it won't load for me...
0	@Agarcia1097 y r u so defensive on the bus??!!!?? Being mean to me, you make me sad!!!
0	I want to go swimming
0	@the_law_rence &amp; @SimplySarah19 WHY?! my head feels like the surface of the sun  underneath a beaver pelt.
0	Mi corazonsito tiene frio... this weather sucks!
0	bad mood and i dont feel good. too bad no one cares
0	@jeremydurden I really miss you right now
0	@brianna_love aw i'm not goanna get to see you tonight   cos i have to leave tot's early to go to missy's bday party. pullin a double haha
0	@tinytim2701 Can't go out this weekend, 12 hours of exams next week prevent it  Got my uni summerball next Sat though, should be good!
0	Sticks and stones may break my bones...but words will hurt forever.
0	@chickwoman97  im riding the highs and lows of moods now.... chores blow
0	AC in our building died.  Been like that for the past 3 days
0	@leathermartini Awwwh.    Sorry!  We'll be glad when you're closer to us, though!
0	Awww that lil girl on bgt :'( when they said she didnt have time :'( that was soo sad  and them huggin her
0	Trying to decide on a movie with the friends.. not going to well! lol :p  No bible study 2nite, which means no b-day cake  buy my own??
0	saddest celeb story of the week  http://bit.ly/h09Ph
0	Holidays are now over - not fair!!
0	Stupid Twitter - now I'm faceless ...
0	@johnhensel hate u....  I have 2 wait one week to see it cuz here (Puerto Rico) is still coming soon....
0	@mitchelmusso i wish i could but it would cost too much to call you all the way from the UK
0	@mitchelmusso is the album getting a uk release? if not ill have to order it and pay a huge amount to get it shipped to the uk
0	@mitchelmusso i can't i can't i can't  i'm sad.... i'm from venezuela!
0	everyones just set to &quot;Away&quot; on msn.. nobody to talk to :\
0	@HeroBeth That was my entire week!! I didn't get to design once while at my GRAPHIC DESIGN job, only at home doing freelance. Sad.
0	@Clumsyflic the kid that got a second chance shudnt have. mowgli didnt. gutted
0	really really misses her
0	oh yes, the Cavs win game5, now onto game6. it's still danger, they HAVE to win this one either, it's no shot for the championship
0	Damn, I never knew I could miss my phone so much for 4 hours till they told me I won't have it back till then
0	playing with Zeke, he's leaving today
0	@KellyCombs  I'm bummed to miss you.   Hope you enjoy your writing conf. tho!
0	I am sucking with the abbreviation today. Sorry  My sentences look like my eight year old is typing them. lol
0	@aaronob I had it! On my itunes, but then I lost all my songs.
0	Its official, I'm having the worst day. I called it a mile away
0	i'm sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster if i don't get better.
0	im depressed on this pretty day  Everyone either is doing something or CAN'T...bleh -.-
0	@pawstoupdate that breaks my heart
0	@mitchelmusso it's so sad, i'd love to talk to you but i live in the uk  can't wait for the new album, please say hi to me xxx
0	@DirtLawyer Re: SWA &amp; Pets - Good news for owners, bad news for people w/ allergies who needed to fly for less $$. Sad for many I know.
0	@ultramegaman I've never done a Friday digest... today is an anomaly, usually my schedule on Fridays doesn't leave time for it.
0	I already miss my Mohawk.
0	Arrived safely in San Fran. Disgraced to report that I tossed my cookies. Seems I no longer have the constitution for flying.
0	@gillianre  im not happy im emailin a complaint! haha il hav 2listen again on sunday
0	@LexieLovesgreys well sadly I live in the most boring city in the USA, so there is nothing to do here.
0	Cant believe Venus lost. A real shame. Smh. I think im getting sick  Had such a crap week, doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!
0	my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he's growing up too fast.....
0	@Suziebee123 yes dear....  ... I'm opff bbl8r
0	came online for a big cause. ruined
0	@arnteriksen I'm having exactly the same day you are, man. Just buried over here  #FollowFriday
0	@kaelahbee Aw, Kaelah I feel so bad for you. This sounds serious? Please get better soon. I admire you for still working hard and stuff.
0	is feeling Fab today and missing my boo
0	@RosalieJHale I'm fine, I've just been trying to figure out the meaning behind this song, and I cant think of anything.  urlm.in/cnmt
0	fed up of pain now
0	Broke the laptop again...
0	just wants to hear his voice
0	my dog poppy is poorly  i hate seeing my pets ill, so sad!
0	Hernia is hurting way more than usual tonight, no way I'm able to go out!
0	@eabearce oh @ work? poor boy
0	Got a bad headache
0	Why do my friends feel as though they don't need to bring gifts to my house warming...A mess
0	@nova_caine I saw it, it made me sad
0	Dammit, forgot to go canvas shopping today
0	another long day..glad its the weekend..but still on call
0	i don't even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my ass on twitter!!
0	stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk &amp; toast, i feel like a wi girl again :') minus the stomach cramps
0	Omg what is up with parents today !  I've been fighting with mine
0	@sheila_libere ...Moving all done, no internet until Monday   at an cafe, like the new place, and work is fine. everything else, so so.
0	@MISSCOKASPLASH yay but you missed naptime
0	@oyfreakinvey u witch! im upstate in a fucking hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  im crying.
0	@nicole531 http://twitpic.com/5rylt - ur so lucky! there, the stage its so close of theem! here not  i think we're dangerous (?
0	I am sitting at work watching the clock.  It isn't moving fast enough.
0	sorry to tweet about BGT but poor wonderful crazy weird Greg  so not fair. the silly little girl is never going to cope. urgh. NOT FAIR.
0	this day has beasted me.
0	&lt;-----bored to death
0	Oh no! I just read they are going to do a remake of Girls Just Wanna Have Fun   Stop it hollywood-just stop!
0	@laurenbernal MAKE ME ONE! I'm still craving shrimp
0	Craving munchkins so bad.
0	@briarlaboheme oh dear.  that is terrible. however, moleskine notebooks rule. a lot.
0	Time i get into The Game they cancel it there will not be a 4th season  i like that show!
0	my girl friend also dropped me
0	Watching QI on Dave - still quite bored! Not even Adam Davis can cheer me up.  And he's quite funny.
0	My hips are too wide to rock those mario Kart shorts  why couldn i have the bone structure of a 12 year old boy?
0	@blkademic I'm sorry to hear that! sometimes family sucks
0	Sick at home and so bored  I want to get better already so I can enjoy being a college grad!
0	weekend, bought Lost Odyssey, YAY  ------- however, my 360 RROD'ed on me  it's the second time
0	no southland this wk
0	http://twitpic.com/67hvr - This picture is from last year freshman year how I miss thos days
0	is not having a good day... I havent had a good week forreal!!
0	I had 2 hoes .. now I have none
0	@Fall_in_love aww me too!!!  we miss you.
0	we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
0	woo hoo its friday!! ....wait.... i have to work at the cleaners tomorrow.
0	@gergtreble I trailed the streets of Sheffield and couldn't find the pub!  And all the numbers I had were landlines. How goes it?
0	I need to relocate to the west coast.. This weather here is killin me!!!
0	@mileycyrus why you never answer me...
0	me and chloe are drinking away our sorrows, Dreambears SO should've got through
0	@epiphanygirl man i missed it!! Ive been waitn all day 4 u 2 giv the tix away &amp; then whn im rappn up @ wrk u gav my tix away! Im sad!
0	is loving the half day! If only it wasn't raining.  Soccer Practice tonightt.
0	Having a light depression. Just payed an extra bill from last years taxes... Must find a country with a tax that is lower than 56%
0	My fingers hurt
0	I miss my daddy so much.
0	just cried all the way through the final episode of ER... and the 'previously on ER' documentary about it!
0	Im going bed i dnt feel well as always
0	@julezykins must be kidding. No boys (definately)(I hope anyway o_O) and no girls (probably) honest I must be proper ugly no-one likes me
0	really is missing her daughters in Haiti!  Wishing i could go back.
0	@batman_sounds bicycle? Sucks i cant ride with you
0	Just got to work. Only today and three days left.  my heart is breaking.
0	Fuck, we have some kind of bugs in our house. And we dont know why or what it is
0	@CaptainFlashman  Oh no - Poor you!!
0	@active_girl - Bummer...mail came but package didn't
0	@lilyroseallen yes........there are many cool things americans cannot watch
0	I is so lonely
0	http://twitpic.com/67iab - Rounding bases - she was fast during relays. Not so fast during the game
0	Guess I have to go back and scrape out the oven now. Blerg
0	why on twitter does no one talk 2 me i know your all celebs and i'm nt but it's nice to be spoken to once in a while
0	What happened to the warm?  I will commence pouting until it returns READYSETGO
0	fridayyyyy!!.... but i'm working
0	@whitney_g my day just hasnt been the same without ur running conversation all day
0	@LeesaB nooooooooooooooo! well the 4G will prob be out in June but that doesn't help u now
0	I am very bummed that there are no babydoll or spaghetti-strap tank Three Wolf Moon t-shirts. Love the meme; hate wearing a fabric box.
0	@itslisali Too bad I can't come!  Enjoy urself tho.
0	I'm boredddd. The day has gone quick  I don't like it!
0	Darn, I had one and it slipped right through my fingers
0	Finally the school day ended, Friday Friday Friday w00t! But it's raining outside.
0	I need to play inFamous... Where's a free Blockbuster rental coupon when you need one? I miss that Coke Reward
0	justwatched the most depressing episode of Jon  Kate EVER!!!i actually almost cried.
0	Wish I had a laptop charger so I could tweet faster
0	is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game
0	When you FEEL you can not LIVE without something is when IT is taken away.   Oh, to do it all over again with what I know now.    Movin ON
0	Comin back from the mall didnt get anything cause i have no money and stuff  but tuesday is pay day ilu ~Joshy~
0	i am the only arabic girl who's online  every one is  a sleep ..
0	my new picture won't upload!!!
0	photography class over summer cancelled. going somewhere i dont want to and missing the spring game  and no email from eric swist
0	Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell
0	wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly, sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is?
0	@EshSoMajor how dare u? after all the love making we've made over email, im a stranger? u never replied
0	lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them
0	@yelyahwilliams Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo! You can't do that
0	Whuuurrrrr - glands really swollen now. Guess the weekend's a blow out.
0	nothing good on TV
0	@RedStarFuture awww NO. you're not ugly.
0	@allysonrobinson ...as well as bell hooks Teaching to Transgress.  Sometimes I miss teaching &amp; messing with bad system.
0	@moonfrye Working extra hours...
0	Great first impressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the RAM
0	Just saw up with my favorites and surprisingly it was way too sad
0	@don_iain well my team couldn't
0	i have no followers
0	Its an undeniable truth.  I suck at talking to people.  No good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant
0	It's Hollie spelt with an 'ie' not a y!! She made me cry on BGT tonight  Gxx
0	iigghhtt, just fur geet it. idc. idk. eh blah ugh. blah idk... hah..=] um yah.. immboredddd, ugh  ill just fuckitt
0	How did I give birth to a SCREAMER?? I hate screaming children!! I guess I hate screaming children besides my own, now.
0	Yea!  Headed home to change and head over to Pelham.  Sad thought... suposed to be heading over there for the NKOTB concert...
0	I love summer, but I oddly don't want this school year to end.
0	@yourboogiegirl DUDE. same.  it hurts
0	@falselove OH THAT'S GOOD! My top 4 are: The Haunted House/Sound one; Bakery; Inside Ralphie's body; &amp; ..... I FORGET!!
0	@Gracious_Greta That is so not good.  Your box is worth way more than that!
0	Doh. In a rush to get to the Puma Open and I just got pulled over. So sad.
0	@yagulmez yea i just got outta one too....i want him back tho  but i feel the same way...i'm cool on dudes for a lil while
0	Today is a sad day for Tucson: http://tr.im/mQ39 I shall miss the sour cream apple pie, fondue, and separate seating for groups with dogs
0	@JoeyArceo yeah, but no new material.
0	@ACMcWhale really good, but it's definitely not a 12's. So many people getting burned alive
0	@AnimalBehavior_ sorry  i dead ass was gonna do that
0	Been a beautiful day today i love the sunshine, missing my man though he is away all weekend  xxxx
0	plans got ruined no blackstone  going to carnival tomorrow if the weather is good
0	@xoxoJennxoxox I feel lost...  I keep running (in my head) from staring faces.. haha. basically:Headache &amp; eyes hurt
0	facebook is being a bitch
0	Sad because i cant go over my friends house
0	Yep, lost my bet to chris
0	Messed on these   But I'm makin' it right! @taraellis19, @dontennant, @elikamahony Best Holy Day wishes to you all!
0	why do i even bother anymore? Everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space
0	I feel like last night was a dream... Well I guess I should say nightmare.
0	It's not gonna happen again
0	attempting to count the days till i return to canada...theres alot of them
0	i am braid free  i miss thee ... BLOND HERE I COME!!
0	I'm so sad, really really sad
0	i really cant take this.
0	@jonathanrknight  still no direct message for me. what the hell am I complaining about? i'll c ya in 27. if u don't answer i'll ask in 5*.
0	EMO moment!!  Just said good bye to my best friends EVER! But we'll meet again for sure!
0	OMggg. i just heard someone is gonna die on the new season of the secret life of the american teenager  noooo.
0	@theycallmeTAP http://bit.ly/3oRh6 &lt;&lt; i miss music like this
0	my little sister told me i have a double chin  aww
0	surgery effin hurts
0	@Jesusfreak1900 probably.  sucks for you.
0	I hate when a program freezes during installation.
0	miss him way to much... just cnt stop thinking of him   nite nite folkkz...
0	i'm a little sad that school ended today i'm moving so i'm going to miss all my new friends from this year.    just got a hair cut
0	At drs again
0	rec game....trying not to cry...the pain is to much..i need him...can't lose him &lt;/3...my heart is breakingg
0	@Amanduuhhh Omg same here! They hurt so much
0	@hardrockchick super but I caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as I'd like, but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
0	i'm so hungry
0	@arikhanson Shoot! I voted and somehow looked over yours ... boo hiss. Forgive me   Have a great weekend Arik.
0	@hummingbird604 @brendonjwilson @gregeh But @LeftCoastMama is right: This is like the Cape Breton coal mines but ++. No lessons learned.
0	Back to the freaking homework.
0	@mikki_kayla02 MEEEEEE TOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna be SO disappointed if it's just season 7.
0	My brain hurts
0	@joenkobema73 what's wrong? How come u in pain?
0	missed Britains got talent    gutted.
0	maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho
0	it's sunny but i'm bored  sad call or text me
0	I could live off of mediterranean food for the rest of my life. I miss home
0	@lilxcutiesworld He played the song but didn't send it out as a request
0	i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
0	@_CorruptedAngel my god, really! Really? 50? Christ
0	@emo_zaboo its ok, it just hurts abit i thought i was doing a good job... if i was rude to people i could understand...  x
0	@crust123 there's just no air
0	@eddyizm Do you not like turtles?
0	@PembsDave lmao im gutted cos it didnt come out right
0	Last 3 days of school....I'm sad but happy but anxious.....
0	stupid Folkestone cinema is only showing Star Trek 3 times, damn them
0	@mrinklin i have started saving my Tumblr drafts because that happened to me this week and i was so sad
0	@marijo008 no he sabido nada de ti, this is making me a bit sad I must say!
0	im sick,youre sick. imy
0	She is beautiful @webduck. But don't feel badly. Some neaby grans see grandkids about the same amt.   Can't go to them = out of luck
0	@TheeRealFDHC Welcome to Glasgow Felix, sorry I cant be there tonight
0	@lilyroseallen britains got talent is rather disappointing this year
0	My sister is having a stupid party &amp;&amp; I wanna hang out with my friends, but hilly won't txt me back...
0	I want some pineapple! I miss my baby
0	My sunburn itches  ouch
0	@karamat If only we could ever actually be allowed to stay here and do that
0	Oh no it's storming... gotta get off the computer.
0	@nickwall0 Im not bannished... but I am at work till 6
0	@annejsimmons Just the mother of all bad days
0	i think they are working why eyes are drooping  its so weird being under drugs i dont like it ... cant wait for tomorrow though
0	Seriously Bored Now!!!
0	@AKDB Tell me about it
0	@Sandy_B_ Shes bad they won't sort her out and is in a lot of pain
0	Oh yeah, this is why I don't like waking up early.  Around mid-day I get all tired.
0	@julierubes I won't be at the game.  Found out too late.
0	@SUPERRZAAAP i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am
0	@themakelounge -- No fair, I want a sticker but I just moved away from London
0	i've got nothing witty to tweet
0	Have to work today.  http://plurk.com/p/x2rt8
0	Greg Pritchard was ROBBED of a place in the final of BGT... Cry baby bitch-face got through instead
0	oh my god!!! i cried so much!!! watch this guys from BGT  http://bit.ly/5t5Xz
0	got to clean the bathroom today.
0	@BTV_SUPRNATURAL  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham
0	@wendica I checked.  We didn't win
0	@honorsociety luvvv it- but one aquestion-why isn't there any full moon crazy tour date for toronto!?!?!?!!??!
0	i just watched Marley &amp; Me...i cried so hard!
0	just missed to answer his IM AGAIN! For the nth time! This is making me sad.  Whenever he IM (which is all the time), I am always out.
0	@RobbieBarnes No Sky. Terrestrial analogue only
0	I'm craving something salty in my mouth!  Tired of pretzels tho.
0	aww, anyone see hollie steel on BGT tonight? wharra shame
0	http://twitpic.com/67k9w - - My besties. If only @DemtriaLovato was there.
0	Is there a way I can sleep for the next 8 or 9 days? That way when I wake up, she'll have returned &amp; I wouldn't have missed her SO MUCH!
0	@MalcolmMillion nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come
0	@honorsociety i like it and all butttt your not going to have it at the august 7th concert which hurts my feelers
0	I am so sick and tired of this on and off rain
0	@nataliejanette Im so jealous that Im not going to blogher
0	@LisaTayl My stay was great! BUT my mother gave me the cold/flu before I left and I still have a cough...
0	It's 10.30pm on a Friday night and I'm going to bed. How pathetic.
0	@leirastorm  That's sucky. We'll miss you being on.
0	jazzy we should be in vegas w A team
0	@jerrib247 sorry mom! I didn't mean to. I shouldn't have tweeted that, you are already having a hard day  Love you!
0	Ohh boy my babys tooth came out !
0	@ludwikc broken  I can't c it
0	Loving the new skype! Especially for someone like me who lives half a world away from home!
0	on my way to work. I'M SO HUNGRY!
0	@DubarryMcfly really has anyone got through to the finals yet? yeah was it i was stuck in class for most of it  loveyoufletch xxxx
0	now its raining in PHL and more delays in the flight schedule - bummed that I will be missing Jay Leno's last tonight's show today...
0	Working 930a-730p today. 1.5 hour lunch..8.5 hours work. Overtime = good. The fact that I'm already dead tired = very bad.
0	mummy i need you
0	went to see the dentist. can't eat and im starving. really sucks.  and ist's painful.
0	have to change practice pools, someone threw up in our normal pool
0	did crossfit running today...agitated my right leg
0	@MFarrugia I never was good at platform games...
0	@ninjabetic Oh no!!    Hope they get you in soon and can make you feel all better.  Hugs from the other coast!!
0	just went to the dentist my mouth hurts and I can't eat until 8
0	ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work
0	@lexiloohoo i'm sorry  today's been nothing but a fucking heartbreak
0	Well it's official I have strep
0	no one calls me anymore
0	is on her way to Seattle! Yay for Seattle, boo for Matt leaving.
0	@Itxi_Itx no credits for me unfortunately!
0	Best friend is leaving to go back to school today..I am so sad
0	Sunburn hurts...
0	I dont like this random gloomy weather
0	wishes people wouldn't be so stubborn sometimes.
0	Whoa, I didn't mean to sleep for more than an hour
0	@misscherrypie  I wish you could get back in yours!! I'm thinking only 16 hours a week out of the bubble would be okay?!
0	is feeling rather lonely and broke...oh wait...I am lonely and broke.
0	@Flossalini no panasonic charger.sorry
0	He didnt leave a voicemail..  -121908inlove(:
0	@DenyButterflies Omg. I am so sorry. Sorry, I never know what to say
0	Just drove by fisher and I feel so sad
0	@siirensiiren meagan rochelle &quot;the one u need&quot; i would say &quot;cater 2 u&quot; by he didnt produce that.
0	It is so miserably hot, the a/c in my house is broken
0	got beat by super LARRYonation
0	@irishjonasfan lol now your making me feel bad for not coming on  lol
0	Hello and thank you for all of the #followfridays people. I always forget, sorry
0	I just spent 45 minutes at the book store. I only bought one book.
0	missing @justbrad on his birthday
0	@beckyhope ahh yeah i get what you mean i have an Alevel retake exam the day after the gig  so yah im pretty stressed!!!
0	to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't know the news  but thats ok. BRB x
0	@SimplyKia o iight we gonna miss you tonight
0	Need to sleep but can't
0	@kimitwi btw i have your report too &gt;:] omg at lunch today we had to move from the HC to the trees cause of the heat &quot;/ all my days suck
0	i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work
0	@mumalot I corrected myself
0	@JasonCalacanis damn I missed the live show, guess I will have to wait till it is available through iTunes
0	that little boy that drowned yesterday lived in our subdivision and went to nicoles school. so so sad.
0	@Goatzilla  im not that good yet, my parents still buy me clothes and stuff when i need them &gt;_&gt; but i dont get pocket money anymore
0	Just heard a single i had been waiting MONTHS to hear....and...im disappointed.
0	@lightsresolve I'm so mad I cant go to that...you're like an hour away from me.
0	probably going to miss Silverstone's race again this season in iRacing , so sad   this track is pure laser scanned awesomeness
0	@flashyfem Sorry to hear that.  If I didn't already so much planned this weekend, I'd have considered going too.
0	@melroze90210 I KNO!!! im so sad! evry1 is leavin its horrible! im supposed to b happy for summer but i cant ima miss evry1!
0	@drmenlo sorry about Mr Grey, Menlo
0	@SophieChadwick no i didnt! i couldnt get to liverpool today, of all days!  did you?
0	wanted to sleep but a friend from Denmark just poked me on IM
0	@atraiocatharsis dont ignore me
0	Rainy day in Philly  looks like it's gonna be a movie night.
0	@MaxLucado WGN in Chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas, but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting
0	@mspixieriot that sucks...wish we could get it there cheaper...   if you're in montreal, there's a cool shop that carries them up there!
0	@SelectedTweets Sorry Ali
0	Has so much to blog, but has no time to
0	Shipwrecked all weekend  license wasn't suspended, it got cancelled. Can't take the risk driving and no one lives near me
0	this is gonna sound really sad &amp; depressing but I really really miss my uncle Sam
0	Not going to graduation, hubby-to-be not feeling well  so instead, doing more job hunting online!
0	sad   Miss my friends !
0	@_madison that's what you get for abandoning us! I'll miss you.
0	keep @lulion07 and his family in your prayers. his lil bro jus passed away
0	@jonashelford Kewl, I only got my iPhone and gotta hope it lasts all weekend  Only got a shuffle, might bring that anyways... See ya 8am!
0	Feeling deflated. Hubby saw swing set &amp; thinks is a piece of junk. I thought I had found something good 4 the kids
0	@amandapoop no  I didn't yet he never texted backk.
0	Okay, whats up with twitter,, :/ my laptop is completely broke, and now my computer is acting up   so I dont reckon I will be on for t ...
0	Feels all kinds of not so well right now
0	thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but im probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet!
0	@jenhp But that is such a bummer you couldn't get your book signed. Sigh ...
0	@theAV8TR dont quit.
0	bout to take a shower.... a cold shower
0	@RavenLaR S'ok, trying to plot alternatives as we speak *sigh*
0	Somebody get me out of work tomorrow.
0	i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner im goin to miss him so much
0	I'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
0	I wanna go shopping!! I don't get paid till next week!!
0	following @twittbitch 'cause @gerhemi ordered it
0	Har vondt i ryggen My back hurts
0	prom's today... i bought a ticket but im not going  cause i dont have a dress, my hairs not done, ect. sucks cause its gonna be awesome..
0	@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone &amp; I'm jealous that I do not have one!  http://myloc.me/21a4
0	Charter is pissing me off, the rest of the internet can access my blog except me   should have it fixed soon they say, we will see...
0	@naataalieee yeah, that was my point &gt;.&lt; please dont make me feel worse than i do
0	Lovin  the clean shaven Mr Flowers!  He looks so young!!!  Reminds me that I'm getting old
0	i cant find my keys
0	It wasn't a good day ..
0	with harry.. baked. love you cassie.. BUT YOU'RE NOT ONLINE!?
0	So my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain't so lucky. Lost an earring. Now the chain broke on pendant
0	@SookieBonTemps ooc: thanks! Ugh...what a bad, bad day I've had. Damn @Twitter.
0	Just banged my bloody foot! ow
0	omg i tink he is not cuming bckkk
0	@heritagesoftail Hahaha I miss Bradddd and all of the guys and KEITH.
0	@mareyachristina nope  i'm bored and hungry.
0	@smiley_steph boo  I miss you! It's been ages. Once I get Internet back I'll try to fix ALO haha it likes to act up from time to time...
0	had a really weird night last night and misses her friends
0	Has a headache
0	OMFG my favourite jerk chicken place closed
0	I wish the sun would come out...I guess it doesn't matter since I'm at work and can't enjoy it anyways
0	@SoccerGameBall i use to breathe soccer, live soccer.until i hurt my knee badly  sad day that was.pass my link around?
0	i'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
0	can't believe I'm leaving this place tomorrow.
0	@Bill_Pritchard how come i dont see more of u? how come i dont see u at all is a better question lol. that needs to change mister! im sad
0	I am so sad...
0	Don't think I'm gonna be able to go to see the JB 3D Concert...wrong time, no where very close by
0	@Petronella I really want a Shish kebab... Going to have to settle for toast
0	@ChrisBrownWeb According to Bow Wow (his best-friend) Chris is not on Twitter, and doesn't want to be : / Because of haters probably
0	Sadly I know a lot of women who like this song  ? http://blip.fm/~7a73f
0	Duncan finally got his orders... leaves for Iraq in September. Open invite to stay with me anytime during the year he'll be gone
0	@gabbyflyyy im so jealous! I want to go to ny
0	feeling lonely
0	@laurenyant which means i spend more time alone than with friends and family. how sad
0	The Matrix Online shuts down next month...wow...I feel kinda sad about it
0	Already misses the Dunhams.
0	@ladyloki idiot family and how I have been feeling just don't mix amongst other stuff
0	@bfly13
0	@One_Bloody_Poet  Bad friends! Sorry to hear that.
0	is missing her best friend  commme back kayla, going out in a little while
0	Praying for pressure on brain 2 subside, for brain seizures 2 stop &amp; for tumors 2 go - Dan is comfortable but still has niggling cough
0	i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore
0	Ps BGT was both fab and sad, I thought Greg was awesome, sad he's gone but a child will always win in that situation sadly
0	@llcooljew Poor dear. Your fellow busty mavens have been there.  What gym do you belong to? PEAC?
0	@BuddyTV I just found out about the giveaway.. I wish I would have known sooner  What happens with the unclaimed cities?
0	@LoriBartolozzi Oh  I'm sorry  I can't even imagine...although I know it will be reality for me soon
0	@LadyDutchess awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good?
0	all alone.  still watching TWW, eating Italian chocolate and solving logic puzzles.
0	Mid shifts are so awful. Im just counting down time
0	@amillerwvu- you're going to be mad. i got sent to the office by your sub. and our class was really bad after that, i hear. i'm sorry.
0	paper work on a friday afternoo
0	can't go to the movies today
0	@Maxicatimus Miles from you   I'm in Essex so give me plenty of warning so I can arrive in time to get at least one of those free beers.
0	Bit down in the dumps today    Such an awful day !  Maybe good time to write a song   (Y)
0	No 'rosie day' today  goal is to leav my house b4 my mom gets here hmmm maybe 'rosie day' rescheduled for....wed......
0	I just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football... Twice. Now I bleed
0	Lulu's put on scottish accent on britains got more talent makes me sad to be scottish  just coz falconers there dont play up your accent!
0	Is bummed out...i don't have even one testimonial on Flickr.
0	Oh god, I feel like shit.
0	Everythings Sooo Messed Up!!!!!!! Life Sucks!!!!!!!!!!
0	can't chat with @mitchelmusso since i have to go to school now  http://tinyurl.com/mf88dz
0	@EnvyAmor I'm sad that I missed you guys last night!
0	just drove by NBC's Burbank lot and the line for Leno is wrapped around the building.  Longest I've ever seen. Leno's last show
0	8 of my 11 followers are random spammers
0	Theyre sappin mah sentry! errr yea... i'm without power at home right now
0	hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl.
0	Sad that I won't see Deb for two days.
0	@scomizzle ur moving to leeds?? wut are u doing up there? work? ur just a jetsetter..i wanna move to England too
0	I want to go home!!
0	@Zo_E Aw. well im sorry you don't like July for those reasons
0	is sad that greg pritchard didnt make it through to the final of britains got talent coz he soooo deserved it
0	So I thought the Cavs would crush the Magic and I come home from up north to realize how wrong I was.
0	Lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on him, his story of the year Key Chain..
0	Sad news, after a week in the hospital, My uncle past away today. R.I.P. Uncle Tony
0	@daltnnn woof, I wish I was allowed to go
0	Well school's finally over and idk but I'm sad  I'll miss my teachers. Goodbye Mrs R. and Mr. Collister
0	I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   I'm not in the right part of the world even
0	ready for the weekend and sad that I have to be at the office again tomorrow morning
0	@PeachyPictures oh dear, I take back my request.... I get so drunk on fizz!! And I def do regret it the next day, sure fired hangover
0	so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo
0	has hurt feet
0	has cramps
0	@CarsXCollide: no, I fell and effed my arm up today and now I have to do back drive.
0	Fml! Ughhhhhhhhh, im not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom I share with my mother and cry!
0	REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
0	Wish you were here, babe
0	BGT made me cry tonight
0	Failed that shit LOL
0	He can't fix it.   I guess I'll write until I get too bored then watch tv. Man, this is lame.
0	@nkirchmar I have 30 minutes to go! Then a 3 day weekend leading up to my birthday on Tuesday. I have to work on my birthday.
0	@karleemay @Kelly208 I am horror movie obsessed. Esp campy 80s films and Troma. Wish I didn't work tomorrow
0	@cassieebee Why I aint on ur #FF list? im hurt
0	@kmaco214 He's probably in bed...depends on what aide he has today.
0	i miss everyone... i need faces  , not witty situational updates, but these will do...
0	Left Cali this morning...in Dallas now..missing my car SO MUCH!!!
0	i'm sad...i'll miss you grandma angie.. you were always like a 3rd grandma to me..
0	@KOifusionpdx Another day and I couldn't find you.    I ended up trying another cart, can't remember their name.  'sigh'
0	@gotenkslovesme haha yeh lol maybe.  i missed the last roadshow cause of rain
0	hello..aint been tweetin all day cuz i had 2 switch things over 2 da new place. (exhausted and sick)
0	ahhhh now i have no pic
0	ouch... head hurts
0	God! They look stumpy... I'm not sharing my toes tonight
0	@AZamann hah eeee, although understandable.. i need a new picture for this thing.. but i'm all sweaty
0	Aaarrrgh! I sooo want to see @johnlegend at MSG in August but dammit the decent seats are expensive. Booooooo recession!
0	@diana_music im always blunt with my feelings, never seems to do any good
0	Strained a muscle in my lower back today. &amp;*#&amp; it hurts! What hurts most is .. no running this weekend.
0	Sad duck day.
0	@jpadamson don't wait on Red, could be ages. I know what you mean, though. Really looking for a new job
0	@Japumpy I need botox work on the lips if I'm going to change my name to Angelina Jolie, but it's a thought! Sad though about the racism
0	nooooo its raining......had 2 leave the beach
0	my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry.
0	wish I can go to the Roots pinic
0	@dorkita buu i didn't get it right  plop! i was so close... &quot;URBAN&quot;
0	@ABOResearch Pleased to hear it, but still I am shamed sometimes to hear what some men do
0	@vagabonddandy very bad.
0	@pibby  darn! now we have to go through the WHOLE weekend without em'
0	OMG. Today felt like the last day of school! it's horrible!
0	@RyanDownie no problem dude - get better soon, I have a cold as well  bleh!
0	I want a hair cut but my mom wont cut it
0	@thecraftykitten like cheesecake brownies!!! i miss my cheesecake brownies... and the walmart closest to l.a. (to me) doesn't have em
0	what the hell is follow friday?? don't get it
0	Ugh. My feet feel like they're going to fall off.
0	@kelleyviolet That sucks!    It's thundering here.  I'm getting ready to shut down.
0	im so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore
0	@AncillaTilia Me tooo!! Wish I could get you here
0	I need a friend right now  , I feel like mmmm ... sosad
0	On the set of Chuck Bass' New York Palace Hotel. Too bad they weren't filming today.   http://twitpic.com/67nht
0	@Marianuum Ntah, I really wanna be there
0	@AnnaInTheHouse Dude I feel really bad but it doesn't work. I don't have a serial for it so it can't be used
0	@elephantparty Ha! Thanks Bryan! And don't remind me about the state budget issues.  Actually, Steve only has 6 staffers in 3 offices.
0	Awww kanye west, its such a shame he doesnt get the joke
0	@RareCandy I wanna go but my car not here...
0	i'm sunburnt on my arms, and i have burnt my mouth, and some skin is coming off
0	@ROAR_Fear_Me samee.. it sucks..
0	Not feeling very good at all, why does this have to happen today of all days? Not going to friends tonight
0	@thewbdotcom Sadly, I can't view that site due to region restrictions
0	@WOAHAmber But I hate being me
0	I miss you
0	@susiegroove yes i did - as a thank you. have contacted them 2ce but no response
0	so sad that no friends everyday for a long ass time
0	I miss my friends so much
0	Pleeaaasee come out sun
0	@mathewhulbert There's very few film/TV jobs, especially in WMids. And I can't afford to move away yet!  Sorry, I missed you on 107.3!
0	damn sunburn hurting  jack whitehall mmmmm
0	My car is broken.
0	@H2_TheMovie That's what I get for writing up my Halloween interview w/ Danielle Harris. Darn, I was too late for the contest!
0	Crisis: forgot my fringe comb  I'm with men....no one will help me
0	@danger_skies You got me singing Falling in Love now. Only, I'm changing the week day to Saturday. Doesn't quite fit.
0	I can't fucking concentrate with this damn heat!  Cooler is so not doing it's job.
0	@aquafreak123   me too.  it depresses me thinking about it.
0	@smiley92 u have a lot  but the bad thing is we r gonna have finals all next week
0	Almost made it to reading comedy outlet. Headlining all weekend. Only took me 2 extra hours with traffic. Basically doubled my time.
0	@TonyaRae @RachieRach3 Getting dizzy. Going to have to lower my original raise. Please don't think any less of me.
0	@valerierenee  are you having a bad day?
0	my head is hurting..
0	Wishing I was going to UP tonight, but it will have to wait until tomorrow.
0	I always feel sickly when I wake up.  Well got a busy day ahead of me! Yippeee
0	Not looking forward to next week: Maths, Geography, English and French exams, totalling 7 hours
0	Damn. It's raining again
0	i hate when i paint my nails because then i cant suck my thumb because it tastes bad
0	@anothrstupidkid your lucky, you have a bed and ice cream, all i have is a very sore couch and some cardboard
0	karma is a bitch ! i just got hung up on  lol i'm still a big dawg though
0	10) I'm allergic to hot wax
0	Awake and wishing I wasn't. Feel like my head may explode. Going to try to go back to sleep.
0	Awe. were going to meijer. not walmart. walmarts better.
0	I'm too tired
0	@miss_r I can't get one either because of the dog. I'm pretty sure the bunny wouldn't survive a struggle with Tom
0	I wanna watch &quot;UP&quot; so badly!
0	Finally got my money. Too bad it goes to bills
0	@empirebetty Well I can tell you I didn't marry my like. Maybe that's why I'm stuck in situations like I am now
0	@tom_pollard Never. I'm banned by Court Order
0	@cosmicgirlie Car not happy, big big dent in boot! Hoping theyre not going to write it off, crossing fingers and waiting
0	Jus chillin and doin my hrs. Friday afternoons tend to end up &quot;busy&quot;
0	@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today
0	@SeattleWillow Well I am at work.   But Leah might be doing something with Embry.
0	All the food in my house has sugar ants in it
0	so bored without a camera
0	http://twitpic.com/67ofz - ugh grosss
0	@AngieBeyince damn no dublin
0	Now every Saturday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. And no Friday or Monday off for July 4th either.
0	In 14 hours im taking 2 aerobics classes with only about 30 min break in between
0	thinks its the perfect weather to go camping and cuddle up with dave under the stars and sleep
0	No clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  &lt;emo&gt;Life's unfair&lt;/emo&gt;
0	@andyschwartz nah, i didn't actually sleep  the data recovery place called and woke me up
0	my arms hurt!
0	@Vukizzle sadly my corporate giant employer won't let me get to that site...
0	is about to go to gymnastics! my last day with this class!
0	&lt;--has no internet for the weekend
0	saw a dead bird on my way to work!what a kind of day to start?! Poor little bird!
0	Not so good at remembering to do this twitter thing, sorry everybody! I leave for Tibet today...with a head cold
0	@melissaar I know you didn't agree with. It just angered me. Sorry for going postal.
0	@BoomKatt  i want more but its just so bittersweet lol
0	@lrntoswim Thx for #followfriday ... I'm afraid I've been remiss with my blips lately.
0	Just an observation: Aside from the riverwalk, there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa
0	Sorry, It's hard finding Imeem free stuff  rb@Deesound: like that David Starfire but will like it more with a... ? http://blip.fm/~7a9fu
0	Poor Greg  stupid UK, always doing the sympathy vote. xo
0	@justkaty guess I missed out on more than beer and a good time
0	Tired. Going to take a nap. My finger hurts.  143
0	My grandparents cat may die... I love that cat. I swear if he goes... / / /
0	My ex makes me cry. I wish I was stronger
0	@feliciaodg  it does but the screen is dark - so when i click it, i hang up on whoever im talking to
0	@thebigmac cool. my boobs itch. got sunburned at the volcano
0	@Rubios_BeachMex Can't DM you since you don't follow me.
0	@TheMikeKelly Sorry Mike, was assuming it was music that was missing..I don't know then.. a mystery..
0	I miss talkin turkey.  I REALLY MISS TALKIN TURKEY.
0	Seems really quiet tonight...am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   Off to bed I think...
0	@joshjnap I'm honestly incredibly upset we couldn't make it. Devestated even. We would have lost a whole travel day and it just sucks
0	OFF TOPIC: missed both motorcades. The secret service tricked us all.  #bush #clinton
0	Is going to sleep now
0	@the_sandman_ @grave_wounds @hursty02 @samvoaden I miss you guys SO much  xx
0	@rawr_333 Yeah.    I couldn't call my Dad, Mom, or brother either.  Mom = On the phone.  Dad = Phone card expired.  Brother = At work.
0	@bogwhoppit Aw  yes we had it out for weeks got asked to return it in end! I wish they had just bought it for me! never mind ??
0	What I'm gonna do  life is not good:'( no more Exit in this hallway I'm stuck in my world...
0	One of the most random phone calls ever. My god kill me now.
0	@lulion07 i'm praying for you. Sorry to hear about your bro, man
0	I just banged my elbow and its bleeding  owwiee
0	@mitchelmusso Not allowed to call as I live in the UK, my parents say it will cost to much  Sucks !!
0	i wish i was in Jonathon Ross' audience right now
0	just watched BGT on catch up, aw i felt so sorry for holly
0	@niqa86 I miss you too, Mojokins! I go there, but not long enough to comment  Will do more this weekend!
0	Shit night. want john  where is he?
0	And Jenny is so gorgeous --' PFFFF i love her style, i want her outfits
0	so tired.   only need to be here another 30 minutes.
0	@jdrydenUK Yeah, It's not available on Public market yet. but will be soon. looking forward. I'm sunburnt  arms are itching. boo hoo!!!!!!
0	hanging out with Rex, missing Alabama and my Nanna already...
0	@Mitchelmusso: Am sad i got no money on my phone. Ahh well  lly Mitchel xx
0	watching &quot;la rosa de guadalupe&quot; damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins
0	Everyone is working tonight! I'm bored
0	@RetroRewind awwww i cried...makes me cry  i love joey!
0	@mitchelmusso it wont work in the uk
0	just watched terminator 2 and i cried, Its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  im lame!
0	HA! I'd give Kristen plenty of free hugs! *sigh* if only I could
0	@deanm1987 Hey twit! Just watched poor Holly on Britains Got Talent  poor thing!! People are so mean - she only a 10 year old little girl!
0	listening to music...feeling kind of down
0	i really really hate biology , u______________________u
0	@lonejohnny awwww  I'll be waiting then, hope it doesn't rain
0	Damm it! I didn't get a pic of niamh with her 3D glasses on
0	@Wossy @juleskaos good show ... And the killers rock ... But they cut em short
0	Missing how it used to be
0	Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favourite too.
0	So lathargic... Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to
0	is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today
0	@deviantlysweet so neat hearing U on kiddshow today wish I was there
0	@mitchelmusso i wish i could call but i live in the uk and i don't have the cash to call
0	Omg guys my internet has been down the whole day  It's still not working  I'll try fix 2m
0	@PHXPhoto No kidding there! Ugh ... One thing I know for sure - it won't be me showing the property this weekend
0	Sadness  The top horde guild that I liked disbanded.
0	Man my daddy left to work again  I never see him a lot I miss my daddy :' (
0	@hey_thomas if only the drinking game was tonight...I don't have to work till 5 tomorrow
0	is watching &quot;Sicko&quot; and is utterly digusted with this country...
0	@Lisa_Nova we had it but we lost it  very sad 4 us cause we loved it
0	@Jayisfly Jess is invited just not me  I feel really unloved by u AND Aj right now hahaha!
0	waubonsie lost  they're out. i'm soo pissed
0	i think i just good stood up...
0	Shopping at sam's club in baton rouge. Mom brought step-dad to charity hospital so i cant go home yet  i had plans....
0	hey guys! nm just here half bored
0	@bobbiepen LMAO!!! Man I was so bummed when she stopped braiding
0	angry, sad, happy, excited, i hate how my moods change  right now i am immensely sad =\
0	@DWsRoseC i didn't have many in there, just 8, and the 1 that got deleted was just sent 2 days ago  and  i cried is on the rr... and i am
0	Trying to install a vodafone internet key an an eeepc. I remember once it worked out of the box. But today it doesn't want to work
0	It's so hard to keep up with everything! There's the whole coldplaying, twitter, facebook and not to talk about real life... Impossible.
0	@SodaKan sorry to hear about the wait list
0	Back from Miami. I miss South Beach
0	@mitchelmusso would love to talk to you but i live in England so unfair
0	battery is low boooooooo in Palm Springs, CA http://loopt.us/2SljBw.t
0	It is hot here in Texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house.
0	@thursdayband  We can't even call you from belgium  sucks
0	i miss my husband
0	life is so boring without you
0	@x_crazyangel Gah   But Gregg should have got the hot and talented vote, dammit!
0	@bowwow614 I would but I'm afraid I got two left feet
0	@honeyfaery @that_kat I've begged my mum to lt me get them out the attic.. but she wont let me  Waaa... and yes, was spoilt! hehe!
0	Ughh from the filling in my tooth my ear is starting to ache ! What a life
0	@nicholasxjonas  you disappointed me
0	Ahhhhhh - software downloaded but can't get install file to work
0	@james__buckley Good for you mate, sadly I couldnt get pissed tonight fucking driving bad times
0	Having one of my bad days....Migraine today. My 1st since my neck surgery about 2 1/2 months
0	Is really sad that shes missing critical mass
0	@sky14kemea There gone.  Now I'm going home.  Make me sad to leave the mall.
0	Smackdown is a lot more boring without Maria.
0	@DJGigiDred not fare lady, no body naps while I am at work
0	I sooooo miss Chinese takeout!
0	@kanoaofgomega our love goes out to you Kanoa  sorry for your loss dear
0	I hear tonight is the last jleno show
0	@hanaabanana i know!!!!!!!!! yopu only just got round to watching it?  i cried!!!!!
0	@darkmornan that was so disappointing
0	recovering from a hard day of homeschooling my dd, chemistry did NOT go well...
0	wow, there's still the void of whre thomas left  The heartache is never going to go away
0	Darn i dont have guitar tomorrow
0	ticked off cause i can't go see &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with melissa and amber. staying home on a friday night is NOT my thing.
0	@PrettyGrl_Annie I can't  I'm goin outta twn 2night. Sorrrryyy
0	@wossy what a smashing show tonight! Love the Killers! Wish I had been there, gutted... Such a shame they got cut off mid-song at the end
0	I miss him  ARGH
0	@jpsherman That's true. Unfortunately, the leads in the movies don't die on such a high note. It's more the Friday The 13th model
0	I  do not want to work tomorrow!
0	Moving: nothing accessible. Camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
0	Early(ish) night tonight - I'm doing overtime at work tomorrow again  boo for working on a Saturday!
0	Work is a no go
0	Really missing hockey already.  Off for a night in Dtn Naperville.  Can't wait for the day off tomorrow,  I have to work Sunday.
0	@aholston Homework bound for the whole weekend, not so fun
0	Roxie is not feeling very well  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6878284
0	@Wossy The Killers where the best. A bit disappointed that the last song was cut short  Can you watch it in full on Iplayer ?
0	Stuck on the 710 ... Going to my 2nd job ...  ... Why can't I find a good office job???
0	@mitchelmusso I can't call Mitch!  Im from sweden!
0	@vautlapeine ... you mean the fam , minus ahugs
0	@mpvt another david hughes on your list? I'm hurt  @davidahughes ftw!
0	asda ready meal - i don't think i'll ever be the same again
0	@littleisis What time are you coming up here? I don't want to spend the day with mom
0	Harley passed away in December 2008  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/616974
0	What did I learn today? Never post anything you've sold on ebay using royal mail. They lose it, I refund: compo's nowhere near - my bad
0	@RubyRedsocks yup then we are a day older
0	@Gailporter p.s am gutted- went to order dead famous on dvd today from amazon, couldnt find my wallet, went back and last one sold out
0	My cable signal is all messed up!!! I'm missing Ghostwhisperer  In other news I have hurt my toe and have a cold, in like hot weather!!!!
0	is bored at work
0	Soooooooooo glad to learn that Farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in So. Cal -- too bad it's in the Mission Viejo mall
0	@mitchelmusso i cant get through
0	new guitar hero metallica guitar is already broken  #fail
0	still no pool key. wth. it's even hot out today.
0	At the library  being friggin bored.
0	Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk.
0	So I really need to put the laptop down &amp; start getting ready for @melancholyjeans shindig...But I've missed my TwitterLoves all day
0	I feel like drinking wine, but I don't have any.
0	@phillyreds sad, but true
0	@PatriciaErin *hugs* Oh gosh, I'm sorry
0	Has a head cold
0	oh also... here's a clip of the new moon trailer, that i can't watch cuz i'm at work.   http://bit.ly/wXa9l
0	@juicystar007  man i wont be home to co host with you!  xo*blair
0	@Rachelamac aww you poor thing  hope all goes well!
0	A message from @Songoftheoss Could you let people know I have been booted off
0	You such a good friend &lt;3 I miss you so much
0	@JBOO46 when he's there. he wasn't there today. sadness!
0	@misssammibaby why are you sad?
0	FML.. today sucks.. i just hope the dance will bring my soul up.. i pray, but im still sad..i hateee todayyyyyy!!! &gt;;(
0	I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me
0	@leischen1shows always come up when we have the money least, it's the rotten law of averages
0	@mitchelmusso i want to but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  I really really love you mitchel! You're AWESOME, you Rock!?
0	@MinaScope there is always traffic heading back here to long island on fridays.
0	Love the movie Grease! Can't believe that Jeff Conaway is the same guy who played Kenickie...so sad to see him on Celebrity Rehab
0	Drove a #Mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more
0	Waiting for Danny to text me back,,,  xoxo
0	@Nkcaump Excellent pic! Wish I were there, but it's a long drive from TN.
0	Mowing #6. I hate my lawn
0	Just saw a trailer for Batman Arkham Asylum and you can play as the Joker. But that's only PS3 exclusive. Damn  That hurt.
0	@liddesigns oh no, sorry to hear abt Firefox crashing on you.
0	booo that meanie @victoria is teasing me with a piece of cheese!   http://twitpic.com/67rt8
0	@Its_Aitana K ??? What??? No way!!!! No
0	@melly16 hmm a certain one who ive gave up on liking as he mucks my head about :^) i give up with them sometimes tbh
0	im just dreamin out loud, i cant have you for mine and i know it
0	I'm very sad  Show do McFly nesse exato momento, e eu aqui...
0	@monkeymad2 nooooooo!! not the receipt!!  don't break my heart
0	@MrGranger trouble is i don't think any of this is helping my wrists.
0	@daniellefecci &quot;You guys could have fun in a cardboard box&quot;.. I miss you already, bro.
0	Two months ago, I became irrelevant.
0	Feeling better today, but still sick.
0	aw &amp; I really miss Alice &amp; Charlotte tonight  Dunno why though, hey are both spoons ;)
0	nooooooo  sue is retiring  no no no no!
0	Low profile tires suck! They won't have my size in until monday
0	I had a hard time loving people as Christ did, today people picking stuff up at my work were just dumb, and annoying
0	@jaidenkhat sadface
0	TwitterBerry hates me
0	@RealAudreyKitch i'd seriously kill for a bath the now.  but we only have a shower cubicle. I miss bubble baths!
0	Having some Coronas, and have a bad craving for Mexican pastries, but i'd have to go to Uptown to get some
0	Aw .. the grillz in my background look like plaque ..
0	@Rorzshach I wish  I'm not very good at it tbh :/
0	@summersunrays that's sad
0	Hey dude who turned down a flyer, you're a poser and not nice
0	@kirkfranklin @therealmarymary yall my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls pray with me 4 God's will 2 b done...
0	I'm so hungry
0	5 Mins, till the end of follow me Friday
0	http://twitpic.com/67s14 - Saw a family of five get out of this motor home and into laundromat to clean clothes and bedding
0	so i got to my exam centre n they said we can't let u becuz of your sleeveless top! U cud BELIEVE that!? i had to go home
0	@LostMyHeart  hoping it'll go away... I mean I get all teary at the drop of a hat anyway, but it's been truly awful lately - full out sad
0	and now i smell pancakes...or maybe toast... or something delicious. but no one is at my place cooking
0	Aw, not going to Toronto anymore.
0	@CHRISDJMOYLES the justice left when DJ Talent was voted off (N)
0	sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
0	Up was pretty good. It was kind of depressing though
0	@gengenw who knows  It makes me sad  lol
0	@asdquefty Yes they are, and now they're all gone.  Did you enjoy yours?
0	Thankful for last minute doc appointments... Baby girl has a temp of 105.+  sitting at the doc's waitin'
0	usually when im gone celebs come on its so unfair
0	Well, I effed the iphone.  It was nice knowing you
0	I can't I'm on my iPhone
0	The weather is so ugly n L.A... It's really cold
0	catching the last bit of Later with jools .. last in series .. sob, cry
0	Just FYI, RUIN HOLLYWOOD IS CLOSED.  Last Friday was our Closing Night.
0	just sad that i wont be able to post my new fic this morning...
0	headache boo
0	wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair
0	@onlyJesus777 i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying.
0	@kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
0	I just broke a bottle, I should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs
0	@morrgaan oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you &amp; your pretty face &amp; youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
0	Waaaaaaaa they kicked us out of the bank. Getting it until monday  OMG Chilito
0	@narrated it's kool...it's his job i blame
0	Uh. Finally home, but completely wiped.
0	I want to cry at the thought of the NBA season being almost over  NEXT YEAR MIAMI!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	@mitchelmusso you didnt answer
0	Hubby went to pick up  my Fringe comics today @ store by his work. THAT store was out of business too. No comix in Houston. Have 2 Web.
0	aaawww im soooOOooo tired today.. i dont feel good.. i dont wanna go to work wah..  but yeah im goin to work in a few mins. til closing..
0	I miss her alot and its only been one day
0	so I'm kinda pissed that Boys Like Girls is gonna be at Kentucky Kingdom on a date i already have a show
0	workin.. still lol i wanted to go to the spring game
0	im really sleepy and i want to go to bed...but its upstairs and its a mess and i know im gonna have to clean it  nooooo
0	@Galaraza stop being mean to me!! ur hurting my feelings
0	Rain delay
0	@flutters_bye no you didn't send pics. I was supposed to go with but shit got all fucked up.
0	My Spanish = crap
0	@buzzup why would you want a clone? Unboxed a new 24&quot; iMac last night and it's beautiful! Too bad it's not mine
0	Im heading home. gotta work sunday.
0	had 2 leave the mrs @sweetbullshit cuz i have to go 2 work  really didn't want to.
0	@billohbill SS &amp; i r @ the devon horse show. gettin' mostly rained out. lots of events have ben cancelled incl the coaches
0	@RetroRewind a buff guy.....unfortunatly alot of people dont know Danny's name either which is sad   Sophie is so sweet
0	Im mad cuz i cant get any picture to work.
0	@iHolleeee i miss you too; i need to talk to you, i keep screwing up ..  lovee u !
0	in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up
0	@kvbuckley I don't know enough about #Sotomayor, but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  Doesn't know what 3 branches do?
0	We lost a peacock chick this morning
0	No free ice cream though
0	aw how to lose a guy in ten days  &lt;3
0	@Flash_Forward Poor dead Josh.  http://bit.ly/JKpHn Please leave your messages of condolences there. #boy #rip ||| That's sad.
0	Today is just not my day. I can't seem to feel any better. If i dont eat, im hungry. If i do eat, i feel like im gonna be sick. Blah
0	Sad that when fitness center reopens will not have our Zumba class anymore.  Just found out today on our last class before closure.
0	Truck full of silver bars imploded on itself.  Delayed us an hour and we didn't  even get a bar for our troubles.  No photo
0	dont get to see my boys tomorroww.im sad
0	Had some pliers blow up in my face today. My mistake, killed the wrong breaker. Wires connected on the pliers, boom. Big chunk gone.
0	Everytime still holds horrible, horrible memories for me though.
0	@SCHATJE TY. Just a long tiring day filled with expensive plumbers and work  needed CALGON. Hope you &amp; @madberry have an AWESOME weekend!
0	@Bellabellini - Yeah I know they are fuck annoying with that... But it,s such good promo... I lost some contacts for business in there
0	@KeLauLi I'm so sad right now.
0	Looking at my daughters baby pictures makes my heart hurt
0	The icecream truck never comes to my house
0	@Jtay1995 It's finally summer! Unforunately I can't come see you...it'll be a while before I see all of y'all again.  Tell emm I said hi!
0	Just got home from the hospital.... i have another clot in my leg
0	@megaman51 Yeah, it's work. It's been busy all day and I'm tired and hungry.
0	@nathanblevins  Maybe next time. Can't be away this weekend as much as I'd like to jump in the car and go. ::pout::
0	@dougiemcfly Have a great show Doug, have fun. Im sorry that I wont be there to watch you
0	Listening to: Sweet Talk 101 - Cute Is What We Aim For /// Considering taking up the GameBoy Color again. I miss chiptune.
0	JoBo's tired of getting off work at 7
0	bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
0	I'm sad Twits!  I'm going to miss @epiphanygirl musiq soulchild and anthony hamilton! Ugggghhhh I LOVE them!
0	sigh.. stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment, now I'm so tired my eyes r stinging &amp; my head hurts.. &amp; I still need 500 words
0	Soooo bummed I'm missing the blockparty again! Haven't been able to get the app to listen on my iPhone!!
0	@SpringWestEnd i cant believe you are closing 2moro and ive never had a chance to see the show  Good luck to everyone - you are all stars!
0	First sports banquet without katie
0	Well I guess I'm not heading out to LA this weekend, Doubt I'll get to go to the PS Blog Meet and Greet
0	sitting at home being bored.......
0	Apparently I'm not meant to take dance lessons here
0	I'm headed home.. Sea world closed early
0	@jcubed1 Dang! Of course, I'm just jealous 'cuz I didn't think of it first
0	@dannygokey im so upset u were at US weekly my uncle works there but he apparently didnt know how big of a fan i am!
0	@peapodann the second i hit reply to that tweet i was asked to stop playing music.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!
0	My net died so yeah....  I'm sad now
0	@Axelsrose  im trying to fix myself really but i need to stop cutting myself
0	@ebonyeeee - No I didnt get your text.....
0	@Rosellyanna she forgot her words and then started crying  and she stopped singing but then carried on and then cried again so she stopped
0	@coupleocachers Trying to watch your vids, but the audio has been disabled
0	is disappointed to learn Newark, OH cancelled their july 4 fireworks due to the economy
0	hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy?
0	@jaidenkhat Damnit. Sorry to hear dude
0	Is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening
0	really want to see UP, but no one wants to go with me
0	We're going to panahra for dinner.  miss you guys.
0	@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - i tried but i didnt get through
0	I realllly miss my parents backyard and hammock. reallly bad.
0	@SASSS09 hahaha.. sadly this one's supposed to be done individually.. so no chance of social loafing lol
0	I do feel bad for the nice people there though, just not whover it was that said we were out of line
0	@drewryanscott LIKE U SAID &quot;GIVE TC A CHANCE!&quot; WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
0	@CurvaceousDee aw, gutted
0	Take me away
0	i love me some americana- but no movies to see
0	@Dap23 ohh, i'm watching my best friend's wedding. it's so sad..
0	@jennabeaniscool won't need my hugs anymore
0	@mitchelmusso I REALLY WANT TO TALK WITH YOU MITCH! but I live in Indonesia, I cant call you  at least, give me a shoutout please??
0	i miss my baby  hateeeeee it
0	Why did everyone seem to leave me this weekend  ....sigh. In bed
0	@DaysofBigWheels I wish I could see that first hand
0	I am SO MAD that Glee won't premiere till Fall
0	@charlieks @tonita_face @emmaleeks and nana.wish i was there last night
0	@jeannethinks I would love to see the sun again.  It has been raining here for 3 days now.
0	@paaaulaaac me too  even my life is pretty good but i always say its shitty
0	@xzenax Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
0	my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed
0	It's patio weather in Kirkland!  It's also launch-yer-boat weather, except I'm missing the boat part
0	Dann and I are in Vegas. We misconnected and our next flight is at 4:45 to Midway. Tonight I will be in a hotel w/o undies
0	today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick! ... stupid dead rats
0	going to the memorial for the guy in my grade that died.
0	@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - i wish i was calling you but i can't from Malta
0	@KeeganFrank: I just don't want to be here.
0	on my way to shreveport to forget all the bad things he's brought into my life
0	Crossing the bridge....leaving ocean city  I'm sad.
0	@annamessias i miss yoooooooooooooooooooou my poia
0	very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame, it was a great book
0	@Rorzshach Oh no  -hugs-
0	@JennaSnacks it's best if i check it while it IS up. when it's down, i can't really see anything
0	RIP Big cup... I will miss you
0	can't set p my phone to twitter
0	he's outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there's nuthin I can do about it  --&gt;
0	thinking about life and my dreams. why does it seem so appealing to give up?  im so jealous of every band/artist who is living theirs out
0	Spendin time with ant before he's gone for the night
0	@keithjoforever why are you so angry keith...  whats up...
0	Sickkkk  ....and I need 11/20--NOW.
0	@LilEmoBoi warm and wet  spent the day carpet cleaning the yacht
0	They are out of ice cream at the Crazy Mocha in SS. This means no Espresso Milkshake..
0	@dezurita nooo it was a real mushroom! but our neighbor uprooted it
0	Tired.....but can't go to bed yet.....
0	notthebest weekend....but oh well....I have a right to be sad
0	Puzzled by people's mood swings... it makes me somewhat sad that I can't pinpoint  how  they feel
0	made a little cover for my iphone.  the birds aren't upside down on the back  http://twitpic.com/67tp9 &amp; http... http://bit.ly/FjeAm
0	Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!!
0	@cecamy it's nto as good
0	everything is going wrong in my &quot; happy day&quot;
0	going to bed  cant take thiss any longeerr maan. [U]
0	@rmetalbroad belay the swimsuit, hot tub won't be ready this weekend.  sadness
0	Bah! Still at work. Lol my feet hurt and my nose won't stop running!
0	@divarina21 i dont evn talk 2 him no more. it was a huge mistake. i shoulda listened 2 her. i kno she's disappointed in me.
0	has finished exams.... has (almost) moved out of halls and is leaving london tomorrow
0	That's okay... I didn't want to watch shelby anyway!
0	Twitter's being lame and won't post my twitpic of Gucci and I
0	@bigkelleh but i know i can't
0	@BIGBOYRAMSACK kenny u alive!!!...I'm here getting da hair done..to bad I'm not chillin w/ u todat  kinda sad
0	@Lilayy same here. like i know there's people who have worse lives than me but i wish i could go back and change some aspects of my life
0	Trully a awful day! Shitty!
0	Getting ready 2 leave 2 a girl scout metting..Don't feel like it but I have 2.....
0	I am so hungry...if my arm were on the core diet I would eat it!  Guess I have to wait until dinner is ready
0	i miss @baltigirl97!! she's gone for the WHOOLLLLEEEE weekend!!! boo hoo
0	Sick of fighting so it looks like no more burlesque for me
0	@greenlabel aww that's awful. Makes me so sad
0	Is feeling a bit lonely
0	@infobunny Ouch. Realising how sheltered my upbringing was.
0	@Eric_John Sounds like a terrific service. I'm sorry to hear about her mom.
0	Honestly at home alone
0	@TheEllenShow Ellen..why you got to lie?   I'm so sad rite now.
0	Stars and Sons was hard to review. Didn't grab me instantly this morning so will have to delay the review to a 2nd listening tomorrow
0	@TaLisaDuhhh i miss bein 18
0	@MrMarcusX was jst out there wednesday
0	Off to the gym by myself!  no fun!
0	seagull hates me and im utterly depressed about it. i miss him.
0	Idk i cant do shit
0	@LadyLogan I wish I could...but I'm @ work when she's on...
0	Got the CofO to late didn't close today   Will close Monday....back out to meet a buyer tonight to show a few homes to
0	So bored.... couldn't go to a-kon...
0	chris sab and i = COMME ESTAS BITCHES
0	Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! really, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
0	rode the moped to the mall. fun stuff, its flippin gorgeous out. I'm sad that @maeannette is sick
0	no Santa cruz for me  but I do have an interview at jamba tomorrow morning (:
0	Summer/ Yet I have to read 6 books.... 6 LONG books
0	Argh noo! Missed The Killers on Wossy!  That sucks! Missed out on Brandon. Total failure! Anyone know if it's repeated? Must investigate!
0	@LucySiebens I think they are disgusting
0	all dressed up and no where to go...
0	homework on a friday night...lame
0	found out my &quot;friend&quot; isnt actually. but hey shit happens.
0	@AyeBloodyRight no i mean 2moz. I'm workin' 7-1 in a bakers then 6-4 later in a pub
0	Was just in a wreck. Getting real sore now. It was their fault and they didn't have insurance. Was planning to go to the wedding tonight
0	@Kat_785 yeah now I'm done BUT I have to work all weekend  I'm sooooo bummed about it
0	The sun is breaking through the clouds!...and now it's covered up again.
0	I dont want to be ugly anymore
0	@jaredque gets to go home. I'm here until 10:30
0	last day of school and last concert of my life.. wow.. can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mhs..  had graduation practice today..
0	@say_stephanie im so pissed i couldnt make an instore at hot topic in the rockaway mall to see @nicksantino.  haha no he wont.
0	I will miss my City when we leave...priciness, pollution, panhandlers and all
0	So I love my mac but msn doesn't work on it still
0	I hve a blister on my pinky nd it hurts soooo much!
0	I lost 15 dollars. I always lose my money
0	@allysonbrianna Well, yeah. But my mom doesn't wanna drive all the way to Sac if we were that far away.
0	@HimOverThere awww, poor leg!  *sends virtual hug* x
0	too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub?
0	fucking hates goodbyes
0	Missed the play
0	My head hurts
0	whatever. i give up, my phones about to die anyway.  next time
0	@suewaters Sorry - I have failed to grasp your meaning
0	oy, im such a nerd..im writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to &quot;strange activities&quot;
0	@xchristineannx Aww I'm sorry your boys are sick.   I'll keep my fingers crossed for no tails. lol Stay well youself and get better boys!
0	Looks like its another night at the office lol
0	When you see me, point and laugh. I'm ugly.
0	home alone on a friday night  doesnt get sadder than that folks
0	needs to see a band live.. damn Blink for not coming to the UK this year!  ..anyone wanna go see Billy Bragg or Colin Blunstone with me?
0	@Jaz_paige aww hey! I didn't know this was you! LOL. I'm sick. No outtie for me.
0	@teemwilliams MICHELLEEEEEEEEEEEEMYBELLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE *snif snif*
0	Not in front of the tv  wats the score an inning??
0	ok, son in bath, so gonna see if I can find some quick quotes.  Gonna miss ya'll this weekend. I'm already gettin sad
0	Oh dang! 'Drag Me To Hell' came out today, didn't it? Man, I wish I remembered; I would have gone and seen it.
0	@Trillian711 I had an account at a local comic store that I ran to 4k  at one time
0	How amazing is hollyoaks! But my poor warren lmao!
0	@backseatgoodbye aww...thats a bummer
0	@Nextman305 I wish, but nah babe back I home in the ATL
0	Missing the shotgun match because I was guilted into going to the store with the wife.
0	@snoozen i think i'll be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable.
0	I'm soooo bored. just fuckin got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored???
0	Just to drive @tweetie crazy, I miss the big blue selected tweet highlight. I can't tell which tweet is selected anymore
0	@PaperCakes  i hate when that happens. i hope you figure it out soon!
0	I fought Jered to the death to avoid a wet willy.. but he got me anyway.  Q is coming over.. bike ride?
0	@katrchrdsn Without whipped topping, there is no shortcake.   #shortcakefail
0	i dont wanna miss the laker game tonight! i'm so sad
0	@krooyakkers what I thought ur going somewhere that's why I didn't invitw u
0	heading to graduation  I do NOT like this....oh and Nick....I'll be looking for you....
0	i called kris he didn't pick up i feel really bad ha ha
0	I guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight...I was looking forward to that after my day at work
0	Ugh have to report again monday
0	@dinosuit  Idk. I'm only a stupid 7th Grader
0	Bah a coworker ran into work late and her bag smacked into my knee  it really hurts now
0	@GrowWear Unfortunately for us it looks like there are NO funny people on twitter  Should we move to FB or start our own...flitter
0	Upset  bout to talk to someone but idk who though
0	@tbake CRAP. I always forget you are on here
0	@psylentmike haha! you're so funny, Mikee .. you're probably the only Mike I'll ever like  *sad thoughts*
0	Damn I wish I was at Botcon with everyone.
0	The internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is Twitter its usual semi-flaky self, but Facebook and VRBO.com, too  Boo!
0	ugh... my back is killing me.
0	@MaidMirawyn I was supposed to go tomorrow tooooo, but have to use gas and ticket money to pay for car inspection fee.
0	Is at work
0	Bored to tears without my boys! They are at their dad's for a week
0	@totalgunner Nurofen and marijuana, usually. But I'm lacking the latter currently.
0	I'm sick and sad .... missing out on Martini Lounge tonight
0	Going to have yum dinner then watch 'bad girlfriend' play. I have a 6am call time tomorrow
0	@RobertPound not my groom!  think i'll die an old maid! lol
0	@naontiotami No, but I missed you
0	Can't beat all time low.. (: I soooooo want to go to Metro Station..  Your cheap shots wont be able to break bones
0	this is the worst day ever, i've been told im a chav
0	theres too much light pollution to see the stars
0	Im not friends with anyone anymore
0	my friends are in San Pablo right now... they'll be drinking, laughing and swimming... and iim here....  huhuhu
0	Aw one of our fishies died
0	i give uppp a hour of tryin to tlk to @mitchelmusso  i love him but my minutesss lol
0	my puppy is sick
0	@mitchelmusso Hey Mitchel when will you be live again? I didn't get a chance to call you
0	@misterperturbed I ordered a replacement palm centro cuz my phone got kill't! I wanted a palm pre but cant afford a data plan
0	@selenagomez we'll miss you! I'm sad I didn't get to meet you
0	my dark knight dvd is missing   i'm pissed
0	Sorry for the delay in publishing this weeks show  Some technical difficulties during encoding. Will be out asap but may be Saturday.
0	i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
0	I feel like my dream just got crushed
0	Home w/bae &amp; Myka.. He's so meann
0	had my last class with Scott and Julie today  going to miss them... they bought me a bottle of champagne as a congratulatory gift.
0	Hmmm... he's so lovely. I wish he was here now. I'm tired but can't sleep
0	@finellskii have fun!  i am sad to not be with you guys
0	@JayresC: n u can't change your profile backgroud neither
0	absolutely gutted that i'm not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
0	@Boy_Kill_Boy That would be really great....except im not allowed to talk to boys on the phone  long story...my fault
0	AT&amp;T cheated the system and now I have no Green Day tickets  Damn you AT&amp;T!
0	It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and its happiness!!
0	@djCrMix it's been raining every single afternoon in S.Florida  not fair! hehe
0	@TheStevieOs Yes it's herrrrr.  Dude, I'm gonna fucking cry.
0	@2Serenity No FAIR!
0	@mitchelmusso I'm so sad I missed your calling time, I got home from practice too late
0	OH NO TODAYS JAY LENOS LAST SHOW!!! WE'LL MISS U MR. LENO
0	@jjooss I think he is :[ wish we could give him a tear or some blood to make him feel better
0	Gonna miss Thick As Blood next Friday
0	@ivansharris Hey, where do you go last night?  Was expecting to see you @ On Broadway.
0	It SUCKS when my playmate is MIA all weekend.  Sad
0	@siwhitehouse Didn't work for me  Except when I used the word autofollow and got followed by an bot selling an autofollow program.
0	Kill me now I'm so sick    n it's Friday night!!
0	@brighternoise really??
0	Nothing 2 do 2nte  Boooooooo! I'm totally bored!
0	I'm bored. I have a headache.
0	@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work
0	the tip of my finger hurts  lmao
0	my tummy kinda hurts!
0	i feel extremely depressed right now.
0	My head hurts....  Can wait to see the new photoshoot!!!!!!!
0	sux gabe just told me to go to the afterparty and I have ID that works but I can't go
0	Ugh I'm tired
0	A simple nice dinner doesn't exist in my world.
0	last day of school  so sad
0	Johnny actually invited me to the movies but i have too many things to do before the concert
0	@kraeth She really loves that ride, doesn't she?  Too bad I wasn't there recording it
0	My dreams have been crushed...Spock does not like the ladies.
0	is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy
0	http://twitpic.com/67wb4 - Gotta a show on Monday at 9.... hopefully my head will be better by then....
0	Okay i feel really sick now
0	@glennbeck Missed your show tonight   Just HAD to go up to Lake Erie and enjoy the quiet!
0	I've been to Rome, Italy. I love it there. Elegance, style. Very difficult to live in Chicago. No elegance here. Sad.
0	ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  Sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone
0	i need to speak with @sofiedeville! but i left my phone at home
0	I regret not going to the Movie audition today  Seems like my neighbors are gonna get a call back .  http://myloc.me/21RK
0	Fuuuuuuuudgeee I burned my finger with oil! It hurts
0	This is dumb. I keep losing followers!
0	big sis moved out 2day  its gna b weird without her! X
0	@TheSvilleNews http://twitpic.com/67kb6 - Sad day!  What a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
0	another friday night with nothing to do ...boyfriend works until 1am
0	Can't believe preseason doesn't start until August  football with drawls..
0	@rosegraymusic Tuned to listen, but had a 1:30 meeting. Now know that my high school/college French doesn't cut it anymore.
0	Home. Got some nice plugs but no chipotle
0	aleesha's piggy died  she can't catch a fucking break man
0	I had a realization today, and it made me sad  But at least the healing can begin.
0	@cohenster i know its awful  but never fear i've got loads of funds so we can have a drunken catch up post-exams ja?
0	@marsacademy *HUGS you*  awwww......i'm sorry you are feeling sad E!
0	@emmaroo INNERCHILD!SARAH LIKES COOKIES AND IS SAD THAT YOU FEEL SAD AND GUILTY
0	@no_surprises unfortunately yes
0	Sum1 plz cheer me up
0	@selenagomez come back to canada soon  we'll miss you!!
0	@writeinink sure i can talk....the fabulous sex part though is out  sorry dear
0	@natsolovelyx3: I knowww yur mother is being a bitch and she doesn't want to take me to the movies  bitch
0	@drbri I'm not sure as I've never used it. Sorry
0	@Kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive TUES! I may die between now and them without phone  I have withdraws already
0	@tellie_jean Now that I think about it, when I get to the States, they'll probably still be touring, so they won't be there  Dammit!
0	@mattpicasso iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home
0	oh and #antiboyle didn't work out either  never too much of a bad thing eh uk eh
0	@angel0712 Oh, I totally want to see Star Trek!  But Kristine had already seen it with her hubby.
0	@CaitEggers I need one too.
0	Mrs.Bates left
0	@robo__rob IKR. but i hate the lack of troyella  ggmow always makes me so sad
0	how sad was Hollyoaks
0	Exhausted after a 58 hour work week
0	@AnalystAlterEgo i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they're upset w/me!
0	Drat. All my land boots died at once. I think of boots like parsley- one going to seed, the other first season. What to do now?
0	Got out of work late. Lame! Busy day.
0	@pcdnicole so sad u cancelled silverstone show  better see u in sandown park!
0	@iamsuperbianca Oh, and I went with my friend to MYOH last night but they ran out of tarsier pins. So sad. He was really cute.
0	It's too hot!! Thermometer showing 25c at the moment
0	@scopezum I feel the same way! 9 hours of sleep and still exhausted! ahh!
0	Last day of the TV up-fronts w/ our colleagues from Sydney, Paris, London...
0	Feeling pretty tired and lonely
0	@Susan_Ferman that's so weak!!  facebook fail
0	Panda express, it's been so long. I've missed you
0	Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how shit my work is
0	: doc said my bones look &quot;fine enough.&quot; also should see a rhumatologist. I'm such am old lady now
0	... And, I was the only person who stood up for them. The world is full if spineless cunts. This makes me sad
0	tried to swat a fly with my Buddhist magazine... bad karma
0	I'm in tantra, anyone from kirki will know how sad this is, I'm drowning my sorrows ;)
0	@JVB Thanks, I just found a article that say i cannot join you because i am in the UK though
0	he was the reason i lived and now hes the reason im begging to die
0	youtube not working
0	i feel sad for you elizabeth.
0	to the people i was txting... sorry phone is dead and i can't resurrect it.  hopefully verizon will replace it and i'll it back by tonight
0	Dosen't Want To Go To Work Tomorrow
0	Wish I could be heading to LA for E3.  *le sigh* Maybe someday.
0	...No more adventure time
0	i miss you
0	Uggh everything, I'm sending you!!! I keep sending it to my Twitter. So I have to forward it to you!!! I suck at life
0	I got into a fight with the pavement. I think it won  poor little knee
0	Had to stay home while my wife takes my daughter and a few friends out to Tokyo Steak House - sadly my body is not cooperating today
0	This &quot;Monarchy&quot; is gonna bleed ALL of us dry! We are nothing more than slaves to the pigs in D.C. I don't reconize my country anymore!
0	staying at home. unpacking!!!! crap!
0	@summerkristine i want you to go walking with me!! but i still miss my satan
0	I'm either always on the train or at work
0	I have to go to work.
0	head hurt
0	1) Traffic is lame 2) No matter how hard I try I can't get anywhere on time   3) UP Movie!!!!! Yay!
0	Its summer and no one has texted/called me. Im a loner
0	Killer headache  I want my food to be here!
0	http://twitpic.com/67x7n - MISS THEM ALREADY
0	Sad I missed @tylerhwilliams going away party due to too much work, but I really am gonna miss that kid
0	slept in, missed bus, train delayed, doesn't stop at my stop, late for work. fucking heelllll
0	why must the weather b so nice and then so bad all in 1 minute
0	can't find my trusty hair tie  My hair will spill all over the place when I run!Mom's bands doesn't work for me,normal ones hurt.(((
0	ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black, which means no texting
0	My mouth hurts. Wish I could cut my head off
0	selling my drumset  sad day
0	omg, NO ICECREAM
0	@SimpleMia Yes. Need to listen to sad SP-Songs
0	I got up early to pay bills. I figured its like a bandaid if I get it over quickly it won't be so bad... I was wrong
0	7pm on a Fri night &amp; I'm sitting at home alone...
0	OOUCHHHH I just pinched my own nipple by accident trying to fix my top
0	lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
0	Not feelin right. Hope the feeling passes. Stupid stomach.
0	Xfiles disc doesn't work.. Rippin
0	really sick and tired but my body's resisting rest!
0	@BuddyTV Excited about the new Pushing Daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  I had finally gotten over the cancellation.
0	UP is the saddest movie i've ever seen
0	@1045CHUMFM Oh ok,Thanks.Dont know where the courthouse id either,I'll learn though.Any nkotb? Twitter stole my pic again  it hates me
0	My computer dies soon  - its so much virus on it but my virus scanner  cant find it :S
0	I think i am getting a cold
0	@angelicaaa workies with dad?  aw that sucks working on saturday morning. I'm about to study, when are your exams?
0	@RealLifeKaz we cant come toniiiite !! arggh i want to tho  have fun for uss. well def see u 2morrow nite tho!
0	I'm very upset right now, like I can't even formulate a complete thought....
0	@Tracybelle I'd hang with you, but... Tennessee.
0	really ill atm
0	131 miles away
0	going to a work people party then going home to visit Grandma. Sadness
0	Poor @IMissBradAndJen 's mom just told her she looked like a hooker.  The skirt wasn't THAT short, and it's 87 degrees out!
0	Boyfriend is out with friends tonight. Don't know what to do with my evening
0	about to start my least favourite chore.... mopping the floor
0	poor bretty.  but yay phils
0	my back hurts  have a heating pad on it... stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum???
0	damn...plans were canceled.....another friday night at home
0	just goy back from a day of tests at the hospital. going to start chemo on monday
0	cant believe ER is all over
0	wants to go see street dreams but it's not playing anywhere near here
0	There is a MacBook Pro sitting close by and my poor MacBook is ashamed with it's plastic face and sides...
0	@JonathanRKnight understands you it's long the 6 hour
0	Big Sad Face   Bing doesn't work on iPhone.  It just takes you to the regular mobile Live search.
0	@natbubba yeah, totally unfair.  we should just. FLAME THEM EVERYWHERE
0	well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone, so time for sleep
0	@TheStoryStarts nothing aimed at you, just joining in...sorry
0	@theREALGiftedNJ yeah it is
0	Thank you Google for your Adsense Payment.  If only the Aussie dollar wasn't as strong
0	@mpellegrini hurts to be you! Sunshine all weekend and you don't get to play. That's sad.
0	Has been a long day - Matinee and evening show. Will be sad tomorrow: last ever Welsh College show
0	Hitting up a bar or two most people being lame tonight
0	@ohhhbeka PS: Wish I were coming tonight.
0	my ipod died  not running until it is charged.
0	@superstarnikki its just one of those days....
0	As it turns out I do NOT get to go see The Decemberists...
0	@EP31 I have that problem with adult shirts too. It's so annoying since a lot of adult player shirts don't come in kid sizes
0	wants to hear his voice
0	Looks like my Twitter is down
0	@mitchelmusso i can't call you cause my portable sais that this number not excist  i want so much to talk to you
0	only 1 person online on MSN. I feel lonely
0	i going to go to bed &amp; i failed miserably at booking a holiday  although i do seem to have a new follower. HIGH FIVE. X
0	@mannyishere awww hes too cute!!wish i could've gone
0	@fizzythoughts  Boo for being at work during #beatwittyparty but at least you're still here!
0	it's gloomy outside
0	(that was a  btw -_-)
0	@stacyday Yeah, Trimet says it's a 1hr trip, I get home at 6:30/6:45-ish, so we'd arrive just as everyone was leaving.
0	@retrodiva I WISH I could be in bed by nine once in a while. I never make it in before 3-4 a.m.  #sleepdeprived. Doing too much.
0	@gasfreecommute -i'd love to be able to bike/bus/walk to work, but it isn't safe in my area
0	@selenagomez AWWWW  we're gonna miss you!
0	I feel sorry for my bestie  good luck ali!
0	jungle book 2 is sooooo cute.. i have nothing to eat or drink
0	Got rocks. And found my car got birdied this evening.
0	@Crimsondreamer no bueno.  hollykins needs to feel better asap.  p.s. i miss you.  you done with uni soon aren't you?  SOPROUDOFYOU.
0	I heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but I couldn't catch it.
0	@FLucio I'm a jerk...  now I can't go out    Dammit Frank, why do I suck so bad?
0	Aw, Zach wasn't feeling well  Hope he gets better. So babysitting was canceled.
0	Had a pretty good day. Let's see how the night goes. ;-) oh I have to work all day tomorrow no picnic for me
0	@AwkwardTown fuck! I'm already thinking about all the shows I'm going to have to miss because I'm broke.
0	@dougreport how can I read the Floyd article says it's private
0	is confused &amp; sad. oh no here comes the &quot;sweets&quot;, to cheer me up
0	tonights been boring!
0	Am I old? Pub kickin out time is whey too late, I'm stinkered:-/. Got the cubs tomorrow too  I'm gonna suffer !
0	i so can't be bothered working tomorrow!
0	Im Slowing on My Tweets..Cuase I Lost My Phone
0	It's friday and I'd love to party, but don't have a sitter.
0	Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p
0	Cleaned four bathrooms this afternoon....(yes, go ahead and feel sorry for me...lol)....mine are still waiting for my attention
0	@ev I'm trying really hard not to hate you.
0	Booo my best friend is leavin for the weekend. What ever will I do without her??
0	@triniaguirre i miss you  !!!! ??
0	confused, angry, anxious and on top of everything LONELY
0	@ss1271 yes, that's what I meant... I don't have anything to turn it into Hirigana, though.
0	i miss him  ALOT but im not gonna talk to him, i HOPE
0	Why are embossers so expensive? Can I do get one on the cheap? Trying to save 75%. Papersource order goes in TONIGHT. Sry bank account
0	Grandma Caminker passed away today.  She will be missed, but may she rest in peace.
0	UGH. why is it so hard to upload a picture on twitter?
0	Just saw a dooope bmw 6 series parked with the top back....to bad it was raining
0	Sh t, I'm getting even more sad. I'm currently at the library and j think it'll be the last one tooooo
0	upset.. friday night crying!
0	trying to fix my sister's ipod  then phoenix tomorrow morning at 445am! hopefully i'll actually get to play this tournament. stupid fence.
0	@Mattshiloh Unfortunately your fix didn't work..   Oh well, I'm lovin' me some PeopleBrowsr anyways!
0	Some things are better left unsaid . Its better if only i know
0	says our power went out...which RARELY ever happens...and i hadn't saved my sims game in a while.  http://plurk.com/p/x334f
0	@BunnyBridget I would LOVE to learn trapeze! I've wanted to do that since I was a kid. Sadly, there's no place where I live that teaches
0	Livin on ur own iznt nice at all. I miss my mum
0	Oh my ex / room mate is moving out today
0	@TomCopestake  I'm sorry. You'll get there don't worry, one day at a time.  We should 'hang' when you're done.
0	I get an instant sad face when I see a little kid lose their balloon
0	@davidmihm Please no more tweet-memes
0	So tired and I have 17 hours to work tomorrow
0	chick fil a for dinner. Hopefully I feel better. My head and eyes are killing me
0	More depressed ty very much!!!
0	headaches are dumb.
0	@donttreeriddle Oh noes!! Melted ice cream = do not want.
0	missing someonee...
0	My arms hurt
0	OMG how sad is The Royle Family where Nana dies  I am sobbing!!!! :*( it's the saddest thing I've ever watched
0	@MyInnerCougar Sorry your day was so bad   Gettin the drink on, good plan!
0	Omnomnom    JUST came online to 69 unread emails, as well as my backlog from yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/lxjdjc
0	[H]ouse starts on Sunday and I'm sad as I can't afford Sky,
0	@RVDS dammit i wanted to ask you about someone who i might be shooting but cant remember her name now
0	@norasake Sadly no. It didn't come with one...
0	@KSegIII  my cousins moved there like 2 years ago and I miss them so much. I was just looking at their facebook and now im sad
0	Going to bed watching a bit of qi. Wake up tomorrow to face the start of my last summer in bath. Bit gutted atm to be home
0	study study study.  What fun on a Saturday.
0	Stupid shopping bags left a red mark on my arm
0	not a very good day at the house
0	really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow, the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool....
0	@AwkwardTown I know. I think I'm going to have to miss it, though.  This is when sacrificing money for job happiness sucks ass.
0	Played a show tonight @ Chinnerys, southend. Snapped my guitar strap, ripped off the strings then threw my guitar across the stage...
0	@StanGill Uh.... what does that mean?
0	sitting around doing fuck all....tired
0	so bored...miss everybody already
0	@rodmcnasty000  I miss you
0	@MyroneTadrid  aw her latest &quot; selenagomezLast day of shooting... Goodbye Canada. &quot;
0	It just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet
0	@bellagm yes that sucks. i miss you
0	Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  http://yfrog.com/0xhu5j
0	PLEASE PLEASE, ANYONE?
0	missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
0	@adamtheeditor I heard it was disappointing, which I am disappointed by before I've even seen it.  What a waste of C. Bale.
0	@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
0	@CSURyan I am surprised you haven't fired @StuckeyCSU for announcing the whole world of they body they'd found &quot;Selfish&quot;
0	I don't like my dress
0	Just got home from school LOL 2 1/2 weeks left yay!!! Then off 2 summer school
0	@RIngram08 glad u feel like cooking I'm so tired
0	At my rehearsal...gonna miss the game  please keep me updated! Go Nuggets!
0	@jessicaca yeah i know  been dealin with it for over 2 yrs now
0	@cthundr How could you go to Cali without me??? I'm sad.
0	is feeling sad  I so dont do goodbye'z!!!!
0	@Xx_JessicaB_xX yip.....aw gonna miss them on bb
0	@BigHeadAsian Ahhh...can't do this one....will be in las Vegas that weekend  #noctweetup
0	@wersching and I have to wait till January. Life is not fair!
0	already missing my biddy bops  home at mom's for the night watching my little bro and getting some rest for my birthday party tomorrow :-D
0	@materialistic i know i suck.  my data plan is weak sauce.
0	@irize yea yea  im about to torture myself by doing a stanky leg marathon..ima do the dance for hrs til I can't no mo
0	@jwalsh Damnit all. That sucks.  You were one of the ones I thought I'd drag back lol
0	@aaronob My music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson, leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hour.
0	Well it's after 6 and i didn't get a call back  oh well
0	@renegadepr cool. looking forward. san francisco was really nice. didn't make it out to napa though  maybe next time.
0	omg trying to fix pic but its not working!!!! ugh also mom wont let me sleep over sanzz!!!!!  bad day!!!!
0	@rdougan I wish I was! well, for the past hour I have been. But before that I was in bed. Proper migraine!
0	@michaelpietsch He's totally ignoring me!! How sad!  I am heartbroken
0	Got stuck in a traffic jam today, i now have one sunburned arm
0	@coliwilso *hugs*  still feeling poorly are you
0	On my way to work, I'm kinda sad
0	chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian, not happening though.
0	I missed your calls
0	waiting for sleeping pills to kick in... gonna be so tired at work tomorrow
0	Why the fuck can't I be over this ??? I feel like crying bit I realy don't want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !?
0	@survivorqueen I can't shes taken my keys to muh car.
0	No Rockin on the River for me, tonight...
0	@BodyWisdomInc sorry I missed you @pcharityclassic. Saw you across the way, I was busy taking pix-abt 4:15 came to meet U-but U were gone
0	@dougreport just checked again and it worked!! Sorry
0	@Kalediscope Girl *cries* I'm allergic to seafood
0	Just got to the gym but w/no energy
0	God, why can't I be at #asylum? Really. I never get to do anything cool!
0	@ the San Antonio Missions game waitressing. Not a huge crowd.  Meaning a slow game.
0	I'd rather be at #BEATweetup.  Instead, I'm taking my cue from @vromans and shutting down. @wirechairs @annacarollo reprezent-zent!
0	my fab broke
0	Omg, someone just left me a voicemail at work    ffs let me have a day off
0	@ArtyTheCat oh noes I missed you again.
0	@wita  Still think it's unfair that Infamous isn't on PC. =/
0	ok, twitter doesnt like me   i must be really dumb...how do i send a msg?
0	Wanting to go out... apparently no ones available!
0	They burnt my zuccini
0	has such a freakin migraine
0	I miss vlogcandy
0	Why can't i find any jewellry for my dressssss?
0	epic fail with the chocolate fountain that got CLOGGED
0	Aw i couldn't see robert before practice. That makes me sad
0	I MISS TUGGER AND MISTO  last night was amazing&lt;3 i was so close to them :')
0	@KSdaisy Aw...poor thing.
0	I ripped my favorite pair of jeans.
0	i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere!!!
0	Burning my tongue on Won Ton soup
0	@momneedstherapy - So sorry Ambien got sick.  Perhaps work her ashes into the garden with a catnip plant?
0	Why hasn't he called. I'm being blown off yet again.
0	sometimes i forget my favorite porn stars are real people too. @bobbyclarkxxx made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad!
0	cars,,,,cars....cars.....I need one. ha ha. The one I found last night, that I wanted so bad! is now sold. And not to me
0	rain rain go away.  had to cancel my pool plans! tragic.
0	Is sad there was no Otalia today
0	doesn't sound so great at all  http://is.gd/JslB #palmpre
0	so busy already
0	put my dog to sleep  I love you abby RIP&lt;3
0	@KimmyCakezZ yes ma'am u do have a pretty smile. but you also won't eat chipotle with me.
0	Somehow I have managed to sober up and now I remember how crap I felt pre drink
0	at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, jonathan, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more
0	I had some work to do, but my wrist hurts too much to do any of it.
0	@HollyTheBoss lol. sorry bout today  ..did u get them?? &amp; what else R U guyz doinq cuz i have to C if im eligable [howeva itz spelled lol]
0	feelin depressed ,, i miss you soo damn fcking much besties  ..i wish i wouldnt have left yt
0	@Mr_Kimbalicious you can have the milk i have, i only have that here to drink  i think thats whats making me feel sick
0	@NaomiER Having a bad day actually  but your cd keeps my spirits lifted
0	At an 80''S retro prom wishing HE was here to dance with!  I'm gonna miss his great dancing 2nite  but still having a blast &amp; a few drinks
0	@prettyrach I am 100% jealous.  wish I had some
0	@brighit @lilypenelope @Guy_Vincent @torbengee @@Winsorandnewt i missed the party!!!!  i bought wine and everything!!!
0	There go my big plans... thanks, tonsils.
0	@owl311 that makes me sad...
0	@samsamsammm i miss you!!  stupid work!
0	friday.....i have nothing to do so sad
0	working on diffusing that irritation but this traffic sure isn't helping  mother F! it's always real bad the days th@ i help plan stuff
0	@yomama8929 I go into the room for the first time in weeks and you're off cleaning
0	brother's back!! &amp;&amp; i found this really small dead bird on my deck  so sad, i basically cried.
0	Misses JP  I do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it, just makes me want to cry
0	off to bed was gonna read some new moon but its a little late now  night night all xxx
0	@alinachka is there anyway you could forgive me?
0	@uwbadgerkelly because you had chips and sale w/o me
0	@sarah6800 I miss you already. All the sad faces you texted me were seriously gonna make me cry.
0	@RealRobBrydon Hi Rob, will you be coming back and doing any more shows in Wales again soon? Missed you the first time.
0	@mssbxny artery tomorrow. No more Hagen Daz for me
0	@RainbowAnne  Well, it was a nice thought while it lasted. Maybe he'll leave properly next time *crosses fingers*
0	@davidaldrich_wx it looks like it did in Ohio after a tornado hit.
0	@Heylushh haha me tooooo! I miss you I havnt seen you in ages
0	was just about to try and  dl the sims 3 but realize my pc don't meet the standard requirements  i need new pc lol!!!
0	everyone has left me and gone to bed
0	@kickzfadayz Our boy better get it in tonight!!!! Or it's all over
0	i want to join drama practice today but i can't
0	@ClaireSale Poor Beta, I took him to Seattle, riding on my lap on the plane. He was happy here until our week long outage-cold did him in
0	@Savfortomorrow I thought I was doing pretty good; I guess not. Bummer.
0	I miss him soooo much  not gonna see him for 2-3 months
0	@ThisStarChild aww please explain &quot;botts&quot; I am all 'fused....
0	@hannahxmakeup my stupid putet won't let me go to your chat
0	@wesleyadamquinn i missed the chicago show  boo me.
0	@TinPanAlley Sorry bro  That's rough.
0	I'm sad to take off the suit b/c I know I'm not going to get to wear one again for a long time
0	@chopperdave12 i think im just going to wind up going Home and go to bed
0	@MmMmMshell I miss having u as a roommate
0	Bored and kinda lonely, my parents went up to the lake. I didn't have a friend to bring up so i knew i was bored and didn't go.
0	@djflykid Ooooh, boo!  We only see each other at the bar (at @titusofalltime's well) or miss each other! I'll make a pt of stopping by! ;)
0	@ladebelle yeah it's a double edged sword. So I guess we dead on new stories?
0	Trying to watch Boys Before Flowers online. Streaming sucks and my wireless is crappy too
0	I so want to be a part of Windows Clubhouse, but my WL Spaces blog is random, and not the place where I share Windows stuff
0	Why does twitter eat my DM's?  Not happy
0	@BuffaloLass87 I'm so sorry  do you want me to call? If not I will be on aim in a couple of hours if you need to vent
0	@DonnieWahlberg - l'd come if u could, but Australia is just too far away
0	@AmyMonzon booooo  my senior yearbook sucks thanks for the memories bhs -___-
0	@trellthms what r u doing tonight bro?I wanna go out
0	@gimboland sorry change of plans for me   :'( revision for monday exam in a park with one of my friends
0	is trying to deny that she's beginning to miss him -- more and more, each and every single day that their apart  ... i need Sprite! HAHA!
0	@mileycyrus Workin ur crazy sched. has to be tiring..its gotta  be hard being famous  but jus kno u have Bazillionz of fans supprtin u
0	@lbutterworth I know, twitter is depressing me tonight
0	@MissKellyO  wish I could eat with you all !!!
0	I dont get how to use twitterr!
0	@selenagomez bye selena!!! too bad i didnt get to talk to u while u were here
0	Just thought about my hubby being deployed n now I got the blues  I need a stiff drink but I'm breastfeeding so no booze for me :/ Ugh!!
0	@gialovescece NO GHOST WHISPERER?!!  What am I going to do without J. Love?!
0	i hate songs and surveys  they always seem to make me cry.
0	Last full day of high school was today. I'm sad that I may never see a lot of my friends ever again!!
0	I want a burrito but I still have 30 more minutes of work
0	My tummy hurts...
0	@Teseract86 If I got paid by the hour I could retire by now  do you have xBox live? I am thinking Rock Band
0	i hate it when my bff is groundedd  boooooooooo
0	mannnn...  why aint my music working
0	My dog died today. We had her for 11 years. I miss her so much.
0	Sometimes I wish I was a warden
0	I'm bored... Don't want to stay home tonight, but don't want to spend money  blah
0	i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree, break its neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world
0	wants to go home!
0	@tymrichardson the movie Tym... So sad, I was crying non-stop.
0	@ the Eldorado house, goodbye Aliante house. *Memories made, memories fade!
0	@Kat_KittyKat  so now im bored..untill i go out
0	Is dying my hair back to pink. I missed being a cupcake. And I miss my Sherry and Melanie
0	today has me feelin' like crap
0	@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her.
0	at home sick
0	@bgoldy and sitting in traffic trying to escape campus is feeling just as hellish
0	my guinea pig died today
0	i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  im back to being sad.
0	I cried...
0	@babymakes7 no.  I lost the link you sent when I had to pull my battery.
0	my stomach hurts
0	is Jay Leno's last show tonight
0	i've become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!!
0	@TheNewBradie my tvs not working  i wanna watch vhits :'(
0	sadd..  last night in fl.. going back to AR tomorrow
0	I'm a sad panda, hulu doesn't have the elephant show   no Skinnamarinkydinkydink sing alongs for me.
0	Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip without telling me
0	@MomofCandE Miss you
0	@suncito hi there! got off comp. early last nite.  saw u weren't feeling well..   hope u r better!!
0	Literally laid in bed all day. Major headache
0	Missing nathan and the bccg already. And my best friends that tried to visit me   Heading back tomorrow afternoon.
0	I miss nicc today.
0	plus.. janessa hurt my feelings
0	@sfitzpatrick924 bahah sadly I am not
0	@mlpband my heart just broke a little ... and by a little i mean a lot
0	@karshka Hey.  I won't be coming to town this weekend, because I don't have a day off until next friday.
0	misses home on the farm
0	down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
0	Going to the dirt track races w Aaron. Having a really good hair day! wish I could wear makeup though
0	@LeslieIN  so what was said??  I'm so bummed I missed it!.  *sigh* I want to go to california
0	Trying out a new Twitter client, can't seem to get a new theme applied to DestroyTwitter
0	Its so windy and raining harder then the day before today   bye bye if the power gos out
0	@iAquarian I heart Mela so so much cept last time I went they booked us in on the Saturday instead of the Friday and wouldn't feed us
0	Leaving for Atlanta in the morning to catch JoCo and Pa &amp; St!!! I'm excited! Missed P&amp;S at D*Con last year.  That made me a sad owl.
0	@travistubbs I'm already a fan of hulu. Too bad there's not a bigger Internet selection on netflix.  I thought that would be easier
0	@CChiron - Well (as you can see) I've been blah blah blahing so much...yep. I forgot. I'm sorry   But...I'm here!
0	at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
0	@ChariceManiacs  me too! i don't know why every time i listen to it i start to cry!
0	whats wrong with my flickr  http://www.flickr.com/photos/frenchtoastcake/ my quilt top photo only shows when you click on it! SAD STORY!!!
0	Friday Night Magic last night, I lost so bad  I suck at draft
0	is feeling very sick
0	@PaulaAbdul  why canceled your performance on Letterman? i'm So sad because it is less an option for you.
0	Out for an evening on the town with jeremy. Sad Carrie can't come
0	Listing to a sad song  so i am sad too
0	@mommy41402. I was like &quot;whyyyyy?!&quot;
0	@OnyXx_B all the shows are sold out  so I have to wait til tomorrow or sunday...
0	theres nothing worse than working on a friday night and having to wake up at 6 am on a saturday. I want my babe
0	this is what i think about the world @mileycyrus at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
0	Josie's out of surgery. She's now officially unable to procreate. And She's way out of it... Poor medicated baby
0	i know i told him i didnt want him to stay home with me but i lied, i really did want him to stay home with me
0	@shanisfearless gaah rain for tomorrow
0	All alone at home.....
0	Riley had an alphabet fashion show today and I forgot my camera.  It was so cute!
0	#myweakness too loving ...i always let negative people into my life
0	@LaurenLovesJB You can't.  My Grandma will probably be on the phone. So get on AIM!
0	I'm starving!! This diet is killing me but I can't eat after 8pm
0	@mikekang That is super sad   How is Bart etc holding up?
0	Home lost the baseball game by 1 friggin' point!  Now I'm gonna scrap.
0	lonely
0	such a terrible day  only six now...
0	@ProctorsArm at least posada had a good ab
0	They took my property
0	Life sucks if ur not having fun.
0	@SashaBoucher omg! i know, and it ruins my weekend!  suree, if you want too.
0	Gossip Fluffodile here. The latest? Mad night with Teg, Jack, Lou, Tess and Frey. Had a gender war. But I was v. sad for a friend also
0	@Bookfoolery they used to have a Book Expo in Canada (Toronto) but the cancelled it this year  #BEAtwittyparty #BEAtwittyparty
0	@shaundiviney u no there was no point pointing it out yesterday and ppl had 2 wait til midnight .... they were kinda pissed
0	@DavidArchie want to hear something funny? I'm yours is on the radio right now!
0	I was crying all of Tuesday cos I find out! ;( .... Economics is offically my crying subject lol
0	The dj's and partypeople were great again at CC. Kicking  Next one June 7
0	@allankent @andywalton oo, oo, I must compete... let me login to my work email to see if I can top that
0	@RaspberryHatter  aw. that sounds amazing  But I think I have work. Thank you for inviting me though
0	Sigh. I'm getting off the computer now to do even MORE homework... Bye
0	in school, wants to read Eclipse, 200-and-some-60 pages read
0	Morning all - woken by neighbour's kids screaming in the garden before 8am so not in a very benevolent mood...  you have been warned!
0	@LarryBenet Per Taylor Dayne conversation.  It's official I am now jealous of you.
0	@neo_kryptik the usual... applications, checking statuses, reading stuff that's ... wel... not arbit  etc
0	@Kayleigh_Stack i wish i could go to both but i don't think i'll be allowed :p either way with two shows going your bound to get a ticket
0	@geewhy  You're just jealous!  Guess you'll be walking around the office tomorrow in your Malo!
0	Waking up with Star Wars End Title Song in my had is sorta awesome .. and also kinda creepy
0	i get so sucked in to true life, and that steve-o documentary was intense, i love that shit, it's nice to see people get their lives back
0	Hangin out and drinkin beers with @muffclassic ..dude brought me a new pair of purple kicks.. I'm gonna wear them on the Act III cover..
0	@katrin_l unfortunately not.my work ties me down 4 the whole summer.but if there's a eu-tour this fall,I'll be there!  I want a rebound
0	@beltranm hello  I'm up late playing on the internet. I love you!
0	@AKAVirtualPA Everything and Nothing Hmmmmmmm
0	Storm system that looked to bring us rain today is going to miss us
0	@kirbis007 i trusted matt with my life in that picture. funnnn night though
0	@NileyLover09 well i`m a little bit sick but i`m fine
0	says everyone was busy  http://plurk.com/p/rou4v
0	Eminem 3AM ... Freaking Awsome!!! ... Im Going Back Too... Seams Like Something big is inside me... and no...is not a Alien
0	@emmyrossum ah  Hate it when that happens! The Race to Erase MS is this week. Are you going?
0	@hot30 can you please have a short stakc competition
0	THiNKiNG 0f HiM  &lt;3
0	: I love camp fires  I just wish the kids would try a bit harder to sing along
0	it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain
0	@ChageAUS fiscally responsible is fiscally over rated
0	Oh what a beautiful morning and brekky in bed
0	i'm bored @freakinspecial: hope your wlan will go today!
0	Aw I wish I was in Ireland  @neilhimself
0	@JonathanRKnight without ur tweets i feel lost hit me with something
0	The tree-lined avenue,begins to fade from view,drowning past regrets, in tea and cigarettes,but I cant seem to forget,when you came along
0	@orangeflowers  I've run out of earl grey, so having lemon tea instead, then whb for me too
0	@natalietran I don't like the term &quot;partner&quot; when it comes to relationships. It's too business like so that's my ugly word of the day
0	@nitadarling I see...
0	Coffee didn't turn out good tiday but excellent!
0	@kkkrista only if we can cuddle afterwards. I like to cuddle after turning tricks on van buren
0	just watched slumdog millionaire  its soo goood i love it :] but its sad!
0	@jenkellytisdale  good luck  haha i loved your character in the bring it on: in it to win it  movie
0	It's @andremichelle s (mr. tonematrix) birthday today. Poor guy is ill at home. Perhaps a 'hi' from the twittersphere would do some good
0	@JonathanRKnight G'night Jonathan! I tried to stay up, I really did. I can't wait till ur in my timezone! Will be so much easier then!
0	Plans for today, cleaning, washing clothes &amp; cooking a Pork Dinner! Weather here is bit dull.  Hoorah for Bank Hols though
0	is up and ready
0	@DesignerDepot thanks for adding, no befriending, no, uh oh never mind, Thanks!
0	@puppaz that really sucks I feel bad for you at least I woke up at eight.
0	@DestriDoll sorry I didn't message you yet... I couldn't get my thoughts straight. But tomorrow I'll try  goodnight
0	drinking cordial  yes im bored
0	@sharlynnx aww thank you  so is yours xx
0	@JavierChua Well I am on the RIGHT side of thirty
0	Ginger biscuits rule !!! (by the way, I urgently need weight scales  )
0	@danielleg1709 hahaha this is super late, but thank you!!
0	Fast &amp; Furious = EXCELLENT movie.  And Andy is a great guy   Most of the time....  lol
0	@UncleCreepy (cont) a bastardized version of French? It's fun, believe me!
0	had my first day at work and im not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is.. o well its a job
0	well...gotta grab at least an hour and a half sleep before the girl's get up for school...gawd the life of multi-taskin'  night/mornin'
0	no school today gd  but dont get to see mates n millsy x
0	@BJ111 by the way, it's INconvenient...
0	@NCLUSA Sorry to disappoint. Not a big Nascar fan but I'm still an all-around decent redneck other than that.
0	is tired on her friendster account.
0	no eggs today ... shame was looking forward to a egg and bacon sandwich
0	@andypiper I have not been aquired... It's just a new oppertunity. Sorry if they don't support mac. I won't tell more
0	@krisreyes here btw, this is not a bot
0	Can't sleep but is happy that the Fugees are keeping him company
0	my mummy is cooking dinner just for me because I missed out when everybody else ate. I feel &lt;3'd
0	@paulusveltman Ja  Deze is interessanter - Why text messages are limited to 160 characters - http://tr.im/kpgg
0	@denvy Oh whoops, my bad
0	When life, as you know it, doesn't exist anymore.
0	@lynnftw I know exactly what you are saying.. its so not cool... that is why tapes were better  :p
0	@Gjerninger Are you sure you want to know?  It's http://bit.ly/AUuAC - it makes me want to run. In other news: Happy Star Wars Day!
0	@emulley I missed you today...I know you must feel very tired. I will give you a massage tonight
0	@frogworth hey, have a great gig! We'll have to do exchange of tracks via ze emayal  I'm all lost in loops right now and still writing xx
0	graandma's houseee  i havee too leave now! &lt;3
0	discovering kindred spirits on and off line, here and there.
0	@sophieveronica Ha-ha abbreviate it , so it's not so bulky
0	its the little things that I'll always cherish about you....
0	@saikatblogger Its WoW! effect  Thanks for the update.
0	@tomatosponge hey, no we were second, kind sad, but it's ok   guitar, guitar, guitar  BBQ and good time  what about you&gt;?
0	borred what everyone doingn check out links on my profile
0	it's Blockbuster week in New Zealand - &quot;Wolverine&quot; tomorrow followed by &quot;Star Trek&quot; on Thursday!
0	@Snowgirl1972 have to avoid the burning desire to say I already have one  no, no room for piglets, just enough room for chucks
0	is sick!!!! and just chilling tonight watching Desperate Housewives
0	@SoMuchMo aww, i miss u already! and this DEF sums up the wknd lol
0	@BigHugClub that gets around the problem I had of doing it all myself  good idea.
0	@vian1309 yeah real hard, but I know you'll get by with it... smile
0	@QueenieCyrus morning miss sarah cyrus ;) WHAT'S UP?  x
0	@Naiadrisa Heh, that's happened to me before too. Hope the rest of your week goes better!
0	@bennglazier nup no cd either.. just a whole bunch of zeros and ones you can have for free
0	@dutchreaganite ROFLMAO! I feel inspired to go start a huge bonfire now
0	the dutchess - such a sad film but still a fave...
0	Boring. Sunny Monday. No school. Tired. Lazy. Hungry. Yeah, in a great mood!
0	day started off bad but got better
0	am hungry.. going to eat... catch up with you guys later &amp; 4 people who are hurt by my sardonic quotes - why are you waiting, hit me back
0	@fudgecrumpet ok i believe you.but i have a belly button.lol
0	night out had 2 b put on hold 4 2 weeks coz i was so ill last nite, gutted! still had a nice nite tho  but whers the sun gone!
0	Hate this song  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg6f
0	Well after a glorious weekend, it's only bloody raining... Nice BH in order then!
0	@Tizzik Yeah ill make sure i keep you updated.. i get it all delivered
0	@fudgecrumpet saw the deforestation.so not surprised of bad back but @mrsfudgecrumpet moan back at you.lol
0	@underdog1979 Was gonna say, probably kill ya, serve the sentence and be living on the insurance cash by now.  You are insured right LOL
0	So, what are you all doing? I'm eating crackers! Yummy. The unsalted ones of course. I only do salt in my caviar.
0	@ChloeCazRhi why thankyouu!
0	Wtf why am i JUST getting up now? HM:TM today  but before that... revision revision revision :/
0	can't sleep throat dry as hell.. ugh ! still gon' wake up fabulous !
0	@Beverleyknight Hiyaaaaaa  just got back from the scan! wow, was amazing, i cried haha, xx
0	@Zobi09 Haha yes I do  it's hard work, too! I didn't get home until 3:00 AM, not like I sleep haha.
0	shower time!!!!!
0	another week starts
0	This weekend went by way too fast!  On my way to work with David Archuleta in tow.
0	Mentally exhausted.  A cuppa right now with almond biscotti would be really nice.
0	Going to group therapy session, can't wait to spill my guts... Ha ha ha
0	@abeen good question. Nepal PM declaring to resign and actually resigning is two very different things .
0	@bwhips Good to know I'm not alone in my confusion
0	@nptnmkiii so many rules - you expect people to be human and have a pic.  pfft.    good morning.  welcome to another Monday.
0	@Sweet_Charlotte We should! There will be another thrown I'm sure but this one will be with my American family
0	@sparklethots love that birdy nest! though i already got us another kind
0	thats my moan for the day
0	@Yassak you hate her, I love her.  presentation got cancelled. I got up at 0600 and went in to work today for this pitch !
0	@FotoWala Nice - your book will be a ready reckoner for new stuff next time I'm there!
0	well i'm gonna go now.  goodbye all.
0	Waaaa. I ran my machine problem! Yeah!
0	eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(
0	@iamdiddy If I knew it was gonna be this kind of party, I would've stuck my dick in the mashed potatoes!
0	The Aspitar Hospital in Doha is amazing. Great service, nice building and free WiFi. Win
0	@pd1001 Aw poor you..ironing! Eek! lol It's raining here too.....prob try and get out with the kids later..nt too exciting im afraid!
0	@suzi_meow YEAH U Better BE !!
0	@threefromleith Poor you. I'm off on Bank Holiday Monday today too
0	Boo to the rain. Just got all pruney in the bath  oo its may day..the crazy morris dancers will be having it large in ampthill lol.
0	&quot;My problem isn't that I miss you... 'cause I don't&quot;
0	It's 6.30pm - sun is setting soon, and i should be setting off soon too! Grab some dinner and catch sitcoms!
0	listening to AM- teddy picker  She saw it and she grabbed it and it wasn't what it seemed
0	apparently it's starwars day today  I like this . Shame I have revision though.
0	Bank holiday in the UK, it's raining! Typical UK Bank Holiday weather! If it dries later I'll get the chainsaw out for the trees!
0	@Amesox heyy dude, yuup thats it really hows your monday?  x
0	I'm dragging myself out of the low point. Slowly. And with wine to assist. Prob not v sensible but these lows don't hit very often.
0	is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner, star gazing, and a movie!   // cool http://gykd.net
0	In a philosophical mood tonight, wandering round after dark does that for me
0	@fiendfyre Never ever smoking around you again.
0	@rossmcw Happy birthday. Let us know what you get up to old boy
0	@alyankovic Oh! I ate pizza last night too!  I stupidly feel closer to you somehow!
0	i'm watching missing pieces, just coz the theme song is lost without you
0	@bhuto given the way kunal khemu etc. starrers turn out..there is a high probability of it being 'shit' rather than 'niche'!
0	@XKirstyxo Basket Case is mine  I miss it.. Going to have to listen a shit load now
0	lol if i only can sTay up a few more hours.. i keep missing Tila's lasT posTs ..
0	@Howby26 hm, sorry to hear that! well, keep holding on! my break is over, i'll go take a nap now!
0	Hard to start the week after a long fun sunny weekend of tennis, free food and drink, and very nice people. 5 days to go until next round
0	Right, I must be off to do some sewing. Bye x
0	up late last night  .... Oracle from 8 to 4:30
0	@mshady courgette
0	hey everyone, guess what? ROONEY ISN'T COMING TODAY!
0	@kixxa I'm somehow totally distracted by that shirt!  I don't even know why.Suddenly he's like the guy next door!
0	Is babysitting 3 dogs...they are all over the place...
0	@DaveWares working, my 4-day weekend is over, aah well another one coming in 2 weeks
0	sorry mum, will treat you well from now on
0	My Life Would Suck Without You - Kelly Clarkson
0	Just a couple thoughts....was bored this morning
0	@pickleshy it's tongue in cheek of some mentalities.There is another one which takes the piss of arabs, but its too long
0	@MerCuriosJewels Wonderful trip!  Read all 4 Twilight novels.  Completely all consuming and engrossing.  Kinda sad to be done.
0	Especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn Cuz I'm hot  , Now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking Myself Out
0	its funny you said we'd never make it and look how far we've come....  IM BACK ON HEAHHH!  um. yeah. school :/
0	in the mood to listen to some Reg stuff  (Sir told me: U used to be a huge fan of mine but now it seems you've forgotten my songs!!!) )
0	weathers let me down this morning...ugh!...hada gd nite tho!
0	http://snipurl.com/hbp3g  Canalway Cavalcade over in 'little venice' near Warwick Avenue - on today too
0	Respect to @fresh01 for the Heineken man bag  http://twitpic.com/4jdrg
0	STILL TRYING TO GET THIS ALL FIGURED OUT?!!!!
0	I was right, street market + rain = not a good idea! Am at home now with the fire on and a bacon sandwich yummmmm
0	@shotdown Haha, she's up here to stay, it's nearly 2 hours on the coach for her to get here, may not be convenient for an hour of TV!
0	@marnixtfn Ahahahah, hello to you and welcome on twitter ^^ Got the hang of it already?  xx
0	@PeteTaylor I miss you too!!
0	I am going to work than, ill be home, and im going to look for my camera since it must be lost in my house. everyone have a wonderful day
0	I sure do wish my mind could enter that box called &quot;nothing&quot; that men have.  My brain just won't go there... and it's exhausting.
0	@Pink wow 41,000 now....your really kickin' Carey's butt with this competition! See you both very soon!
0	@dotcompals yes... nice. I missed a lot of fun. Damn exams. you are looking good...hair
0	@chah101 haha Hey, Well if you were in the elevator you should have said more!
0	Ugh. I'm so tired. Waitin for the bus. @jpbabii202 good morning!
0	off to teach a bunch of fifth graders for the morning.  Oh joy ...
0	Waking up at unGodly hours to go to work is starting to get old. At least the coffee is good
0	@poojashetye until I break up with you via a 27 second phone call
0	Illy's note in the book: &quot;From one 'geek' to another - keep up the good work!&quot; sigh.  He is missed - and he was great for espresso.
0	dinner was yummy and all... but i'm still super tired after all the things we went through to enroll for college.
0	Woke up this morning to the line &quot;I made this half-pony half-monkey monster to please you But I get the feeling that you don't like it &quot;
0	in 1st period. i hate this class. can't wait until i'm home!!!!!!!!!  i'll b the happiest person in the world wen i'm home!!!
0	@Seoulbeats romance zero is funny
0	Finished with MTML assignment  But didn't like it at all. Feels like I missed lotsa points but the word limit is 2500. Hmmpph!
0	I wasn't sore yesterday. But i'm definitely feeling those hills now! My legs hurt all the way up to my booty. Its a good hurt
0	@sensualbodyrubs Hope you get your car today   Hate anything that stops me from my work ;)
0	(bye) plurk out muna. will be back when im done reading the book  http://plurk.com/p/rq9c7
0	will be practicing my smile today-it's gunna be BIG!
0	Downloading Chex-Quest!  Been about 12 years sins it's final release you say? Your Right!
0	What can twitter do for me
0	got an A in english again  yay..  but a D- in maths
0	Is Bored. Waiting Till 7:06 To Go Out To Tha Bus
0	back,had a great MAD monday meeting tomorrow
0	The old internet is fairly boring today, nothing new on it
0	@dbdc LOL! I hate when that happens!! All hyped up and its over before you know it! Lunch sounds nice..hope you have a nice time.
0	is @ school, we're gonna learn how to use skype
0	is going to her last full day of school. life is good.
0	@ankurb Just kidding! Don't go around quoting me
0	@MisfitDior good morning misfit *passes you Tylenol*
0	i wish i could take my pillow to school. dead serious.
0	@iveland don't know it really hurt my arm. guess you have to booze me.. or just ask @hpeikemo or @erlandwienke if you don't believe me!
0	i am sleeepyyy. today = busy. work 10-4, library, class 6-7:20, tanning, packing, bit of sleep, atlantic city airport, myrtle beach
0	is pretty dang tired. but chambers class is for napping.
0	@podagraph Wait a min, u pretty much home til u jump the pond? I have 1 wk 2 go. If I could find a cheap flt  It's a thought, haha.
0	so tired after work...but i have King's Bounty Add-on and A Vampyre Story for a evening  and X-men comixes is completely donloaded
0	@oliyoung
0	Trying to figure out this whole &quot;Twitter&quot; thing! Thanks Scott &amp; Allison...now I can't concentrate on work
0	On my way to school not feeln this rainy day at all.... But I had lots of FUN this weekend  ....
0	besides feeling sick...some things have made me feel particularly happy
0	@sethsimonds I am grateful for a great marriage, awesome kids, and a business that rocks! I guess the rest of my family is ok too.
0	Good morning! Kid going back to school after 10 sick days. Looking forward to a productive week.  happy monday!
0	@SheiroQ fuckyoumonday?  I like it. It's a totally crap-tastic rainy day here. :/ I'm off to work. *hugs*
0	@MagmaFlow Not yet.... too early in the AM
0	@shanelapoint hey hunnie  how are u?? I miss talkin to u! Ty for the follow
0	Does not want to go to school. Oh well. I get out early anyways.
0	@Rawrrgasmic it's a dreary monday morning and I slept like crap...give me a break...
0	@PaulaMacKay I think he thought about it, but then I sneezed on him
0	@Squiretwizz You're right- you don't do sympathy very well
0	Off to school so tired didnt hear the 10 texts i had last night lol !! Still tired but i love Jesus Christ
0	@syzygy thank you
0	In pain from earlier gym session - a necessary evil after too much beer this past year
0	@pauldoussay Yes, I'm the only stupid girl of my kind!!
0	@Janegoth It has, however, got me out of doing the gardening - something for which I am eternally pleased
0	@shonali hello- i'd like a little chat- but can't DM you- is there a mail id?
0	3 to go, and uploading photos to email would be ten tenenen tenen.. DONE
0	is planning her week, its going to good, going to get a lot of stuff done
0	Chilliin
0	@sargedunn1 oh, I am sorry my friend. Katie &amp; I will do our best to keep you cheery
0	is feeling sick .... oh well, i reckon those people on the bus cursed me.... Anyways, nighty night all!!
0	Getting to play golf with our kickin' Leadership Team...I have a feeling they r gonna kick me on the golf course
0	@Matt_Vega @Matt_Vega sikeeee.I'm sick *cough*
0	@Sampad Till then ..Ice Cream!
0	when i decide to be on time for something, that devil is always there to counteract! Frustrating but not discouraging...
0	@Stormb441 not in this part of Surrey either, feeling quite a bit nippy I must say. Afternoon to you
0	ill and bored on bank holiday.. Nothings open.. Bad times.. Film it is
0	@djsteeley I think it's less of a tribute and more of a parody.
0	On the computer alllllllllllllllll day
0	has a lot to catch up on from the weekend! The BHR hosts have been busy, busy, busy  http://plurk.com/p/rqpl7
0	@MattthewHoare please don't tell me they've cut the price of macbooks.. although if photoshop has been reduced, that'd be great
0	@asexynyfemale just make sure you have it well done
0	Good Morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnl7
0	sitting in katies house with jo, the other two are away doing stuff, and i have swine flu  and bronchitis but thats a diff story.
0	@AntiDepressiva I get motivated by the fact that I know I'll wake up and be more productive if I go, then if I sleep in, just me though
0	@Izzndsophtv i want to experience snow  we don't have snow here and it sucks
0	Eating a bagel  yummy
0	@juenese i totally felt bad for the guy. haha im good  i miss you guys!
0	Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act's new broadway show
0	Checked the bank acct this mornin..got a lil sad..then decided I would imagine a 0 on the end just to make me smile.  #whateverworks
0	@jerzegurl Hiya! Missed you too! What have you been up to?
0	.. i am going to fail my art final. FML. this was by far the worst semester of my life school wise- otherwise it was the best
0	Hell of a lot to do. But they say you shouldn't complain theese days. Who are &quot;they&quot; and can &quot;they&quot; help me in that case
0	@LesNoyse when will she b finished
0	@yaseminx3  know. hahah xD what cha doin?
0	Pizza for breakfast....  shower... classes
0	I'm feeling pretty energized &amp; ready to face the day w/only about 3 hours of sleep. Hope it lasts all day.
0	@petercoffin Maybe if we pass a lay making the #swineflu illegal, law abiding citizens won't get it
0	Going to bed, in pain fell on my shoulder today. Good night
0	My computer is SO slooowww this morning.  I think it's a sign that I should go home and play in my yard.
0	Got my attics w sadie art work included  good times just broke my head phones bad times still happy buy attics!
0	just another manic monday.. wish it were sunday.. that's my fun day  happy monday twitterland
0	@CelestialBeard http://ten.com.au/good-news-week.htm &lt;--- this is it. definitely nothing christian about it
0	miss your smile
0	AC is broke at the house. waiting to get an estimate on timeframe to repair. on the bright side, gonna join CoLab this week.
0	has a new nick name - arosh ..i like i like
0	@ronenk @jewlicious Guys, nothing is free in life. Where is my shidduch money?
0	Happiness comes from within...so the fact that it is a gray, rainy, Monday doesn't bother me. Well, not too much.
0	@amandawilk106 yes unfuzzy, i prefer the fuzzy me and clear caleb..  wanna turn back the clock!
0	Rainy Mondays... Is there a better day to work at home?? I am thankful!!
0	@vivyouell You got me. That's where I'm obviously going wrong!
0	@thriftymom TEAR*
0	@mongab I WANT YOU ALL HERE WITH ME TOO! Ya'l shoulve gone with RM!
0	LivingHandy.de 2.0 - stay tuned  - http://www.LivingHandy.de/
0	Is at Panera eating a bacon, egg and cheese with a coffee!  http://twitpic.com/4jip9
0	@lulurocks3 That is messed up. I hope your day gets better.
0	concert tonight  chackin out and not coming tomorrow!
0	Dreary bus ride home. Im rubbing my eyes out but at least I didn't spend the day in school. Over 12 hrs well spent
0	@Monodi what lol?
0	@Da7e Man, that sucks and I feel your pain... if you were local, I'd buy you a cup of coffee.
0	It smells like the beach from my job..
0	@SlovakBrewer Yeah, I wanted to have some  I was bottling, so it's sanitized and all good. It tastes like those choc. oranges.
0	Really tired, and need to be up in the morning... Off to bed. Good Night All!!!
0	i hate waking up early! but i need to make up my 27 hrs at my pharmacy class. &gt;=[ sighhh.  in other news: breakfast time!!!!
0	sooo long twitters! I'm off to Cuba
0	HE SAID IT  HE ACTUALLY SAID IT and I think I'm gonna cry now. &lt;3
0	Round two of Vega: Vanilla Chai flavor.  Just realized that I have only 45 days left
0	@DamienCripps Awesome  Such a shame though Mark who was the Fiddle player died last month, Fab Version of Good Riddance (i have the album)
0	Is pretty damn chipper today  even if the weather is rubbish! Excited for things to come!  xxx
0	I'm surrounded by negativity good thing there is a Fly Guy to give me hope that there is something better  thank u Jesus
0	Spoke out in class again  now the dreaded ch13 bio test
0	Woke up late &amp; trying to get sh*t done before work
0	apparently im not getting drives to school in the morning anymore? well my dad left so no school for me this morning.. watching twilight
0	I got a full day of work today.  Can't wait in tell i get home for some beer and tv time  but i got to make the money to get the beers
0	@jaymiealyson i mean give. lol with a finger! then crash her car! lol jk. thats bad. just ignore her
0	@ScaryMommy   Sure!  My entire blogroll is terribly updated, but this could motivate me to update and redo it!
0	@sln25373 it was Lies. and my fav song is not alone from room on the 3rd floor
0	@iunfold That's true  I never believe my staff when they call in sick on Mondays or Fridays - LOL!
0	@imjustcreative com'on dude always think that things can get worst
0	@dumbblondy too bad - u can always change ur profile pic again
0	@kurtismarsh Too far to go unless the prize is in the millions.  We know who wins
0	wishes it wasn't a bank holiday so he could be on the radio this afternoon... but at least he has another week to come up with some ideas
0	The Gray Hat Python book reminded me how many security tools are python version specific, which is a pain if you need to use all of them
0	@marissa110 heyy i finally got one too  oh and good luck on your finals today
0	@PRChels_BE I heard the Yellow Light Maybes put on a great show Saturday! Sorry I missed it, Chelk.
0	Intel gfx driver situation much better with recent upgrades. kernel 2.6.30rc4 and driver from git: Suspend working again, fewer mem leaks
0	@Alyssa_Milano Hey there  Thought i'd tweet you to say Hi..I have so much to write but theres no space in this little box hehe Damn
0	@DoctahAna Can't really do anything about that, now can I?
0	@smileitsbubbles that is yo name girllll!
0	@scottharrison Thanks for the DM! I am on the ATL Twestival committee &amp; really hope you have a public speaking event soon!! Enjoy ATL
0	@denise183rd yo wake your ass up  and go to work  go get that paper  u aint sick dont lie
0	@sbcvandy OMG! I KNOW!  I give myself a stroke everytime I go getting mad at them. (Quietly with the windows rolled up.    )
0	At school. Blagh. Yay I'm getting the IPhone in August!!
0	Watching &quot;All the Kings Men&quot;, It be pretty good so far!
0	@PerezHilton hey perez! good luck! well, i'm still planning for a big present to be given for my mom! i love you mom!
0	@thisisbenwood -  I wanna go see them in Edinburgh  won't happen though haha , yir lucky! And have funnnn  xxx
0	idk why im so hyper im jumping everyhere. ugh lets let it be friday sweeney todd then cinco de mayo il those parties
0	@MissDeeeee don't encourage me... I've got years of this stuff. you will regret it !
0	@aweekes haha nope she won't  altho my train back from Leeds I booked an hour too early and they won't let me change it :/
0	@Heart_song Glad you had a wondrous Beltaine! Mine was quiet, yet in sync with the season.  Miss you all...
0	I'm up. I have a plan to transform my bedroom today. Random.
0	Good morning scary world!
0	@orbicule wow great promo for orbicule. is there an english translation somewhere? my Norwegian isn't that good
0	I  didnt know there was a starwars day
0	Big Sugar = yet another '90's bandwagon I was too late to get on. Next S&amp;D BNL should reunite them (kind of like they did for the Odds).
0	(SINGZ) SO I THINK IM JST ABT DONE BEING UR GIRRRLFRIEND....IM LEAVIN....IM LEAVIN! JST LOVE CM!
0	desktop quad-core Win7 boot time = 2'25&quot;, laptop dual-core w/ SSD Win7 boot time = 0' 13&quot; =&gt; SSD for desktop arrives in 2 days
0	@jordanknight I'm not having a good day... can u cheer me up with a tweet?  Even Tink will do. LOL.
0	@jimmyheartcore awwwww snaaaap Jimmaaayy.  You are the man with hookups.  Too bad I'm so far away!!
0	@xxPat..not that school wouldnt suck all the time
0	blerg, damn you Monday, why must you always come.  Decent weekend, new glasses, hair color and got carded at Gamestop = awesome ego boost
0	@t_rothlisberger That's fucking awesome!  *bookmark*
0	@Afey umm how abt a comment like that :p &quot;i dont like this&quot;
0	@jordanknight I have now officially resigned myself to never knowing what Tink! means....
0	@mickster09 You don't have to rub it in.
0	@stii no, it makes you realise how doomed humanity in USA is
0	@dragonblogger My pleasure  I really enjoy your random word poetry, and am disappointed when I miss out on participating!
0	@tuaw In case no one gave you a heads up, AT&amp;T just put out an iPhone app for account management (MyWireless) I'd love to see a review
0	@Etsy never noticed that before but you're right! guess that's because my heart is always dreaming of travel...
0	What am I doing atm? http://twitpic.com/4jmeh Oh yeah. Apple Juice  I'm such a rebel!
0	going to the lumberjack party
0	Awww I wonder when ima get married. Shawna and Damon are so cute
0	@KausarAzam  Hew how u been????Srry I haven't posted a vid in forever,I feel guilty lol,so in the next few days hopefully
0	I meant mamas
0	If you save these pix from the Today show please credit www.wireimage.com Thanks
0	@kurliedoc poor grace!!! You need to date a cute male nurse.
0	ok shopping was far too fun ~ unpacking the bags now
0	@RedHotCopy I fell asleep on a plane watching Frost/Nixon - hope it works out better for you than it did for me
0	Slept in, woke up with an iced coffee, lazed about &amp; went out for a late lunch with the BF. It's been a sweet little laid-back Saturday.
0	Just finished mowing the lawn.
0	good morning. today is my last day of &quot;freedom&quot;. back to work tomorrow. i'm sorta stoked-not stoked. but well.
0	@Sobbee Naw.. it was pretty tame. Only 1 guy in costume.. a Voyager-style &quot;medical&quot; uni. Disappointed there weren't any more in costume.
0	I'm in VA for the weekend, my youngest son turns 2 tomorrow......it makes me kinda sad, he is getting so big, check out my twipics
0	@yourfaveblonde I could have! I had extra tickets. Plus we had two Twitter Giveaways  We'll get you next time.
0	At the apartment, nothin to do, a little hungry  http://myloc.me/Fim
0	Nanay cried after reading the card I gave her. Hugged her and next thing I knew, I was crying, too! Haha We're such cry babies. Love her.
0	@miss_k_renee On a Saturday? Not so cool friend. Same job  Different position! Let me know when your in town again!!! Miss U
0	IM FEELIN RITE.. THE MOOD FLOR TWITTER AFTER DARK...
0	im joining twitter  lol
0	we did what we had to do
0	@aliceqfoodie Wow, you mom has a lot of energy. I'm getting tired just reading your tweet and ur living it.
0	@dannywood BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
0	@COecobroker And I still recall how helpful you were way back when as I struggled on an AR contest question...
0	@gheekchik hmmm...the one restaurant/one grocery is sad. not the dukbolgi.
0	@guilty_ Awww. So that's him. Nice attempt at hiding from the camera
0	a successful shopping day
0	Back then I didn't know why you were misunderstood. So now I see thru ur eyes, all that u did was love. Mama, I love you
0	@vonstroke Heidi just finished her set at Stiff Kitten with Aundy
0	@santojay They assume you won't be able to afford traveling anymore now that you've got a contract with them
0	I have the best Brother-in-law in the World. He just sent me Twilight Blue ray gift set. Now if I only had a blue ray player
0	@lanceschmidt Yeah I was kinda bummed, but tell them I'm gonna miss them too! I loved your class! You guys made student teaching fun.
0	Pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade
0	i'm causing trouble with my partner in crime.
0	I am sitting at the computer eating grapes  it's hailing outside! o: I MISS SUMMER.
0	OK - I'm out of here for now. Just popped in to say Hi and check on things. I'll probably head to the guttah later on tonight
0	wondering what misery looks like? look at the faces of all the cubs fans at miller park tonite. sorry chicago friends. tonights our night
0	it gets worse every year and 2010/2011 will be the worst. oh, and 6 months today!
0	Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.
0	@nursedoublek have someone help you with the makeup...you gots to go out looking fine  and have another shot
0	@tooshie Interesting people like you should never be bored, Tooshers.
0	missing my hobo/slut/tramp way of life, and cooking for my mother on a saturday night  MAMA I LUV U
0	@grovesyrmi08 sorry about it
0	@kristenhaulser yuppp. I was gonna get it up top but I didn't. I will soon, but I got 2nd holes instead
0	i have no idea what im doing and i am completely lost.
0	was an international student today  had sooo much fun at sixflags with friends i don't know well enough!
0	Work, work, work and why did I get so tired all of a sudden. @PaulAros , nicole told me you say 'Hi' aww she was so enthusiastic  hi paul
0	@RebeccaNavarro @banditTA00 sorry, I'm back.. food was calling my name..lol..all is good here  and HI! , sorry I haven't said sooner lol
0	Happy Mother's Day MM mums!!!! hope you all have a lovely day  #mamam
0	With alex
0	Today Dan bought me Bio Dome AND the Reality Bites Soundtrack! Needless to say he gets MAYJAH points!  Also, my tummy is not happy. Boo.
0	having a creative party with me, myself, and moi
0	gosh! i'm freakin' bored! talk to me!
0	@TheSpencerSmith I'm part of a religion called People-With-Good-Taste-In-Music. We don't celebrate Jonas Brothers Day.
0	@NA617_NKOTB LOL you r not a loser u drove 8 hours in a day.. U need rest  of was it 2 days? I'm still tired lol
0	@zouljiin That is the best sticker EVER. Also. I dig your hair. It's gotten long since I've seen you last.
0	@birdsall Sorry about that. I got behind on followers and am still catching up.  I follow folks that @ me (including you
0	@HuMBush just nothing perfect in life, darn it!
0	Feelin really awful. Having mono sux so much. Omg...listening to music
0	@NiecieD Nice idea for a M-I-L gift. Did you crochet it? Good idea about looking online.  There are Youtube videos showing lefty crochet.
0	Oh, as usual, I should warn my new followers that I tend to over-tweet during #canucks games. Apologies in advance.
0	just got back from the Sing It Loud concert // FUCKIN AMAZING
0	@haldira awww too bad I won't be there - I'd entertain the thought of entering
0	@theDebbyRyan How does it look like a Ninja Tutle?!  xo lol
0	Yeahh cenare lo mismo qe Rosher! ok ok Roger  wiii
0	I'm hungry. And single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
0	My blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day...it was miserable! No twitter or email at my beck and call, truly awful
0	@amyxstftk actually, i really do. mostly when i forget to take off my makeup before bed
0	ugh i wish this school year would go faster so i can move on in life
0	watching &quot;That Thing You Do&quot; on Comcast. Missing my boo like crrrrrazy!
0	@ShebaBaby should be a rebroadcast of last weeks Pacquiao-Hatton fight. Don't plan your night around it.  I've said too much already.
0	@MeggieMouse what are you going 40 hours with out? i'd say my computer or my phone but i did that last week and i didnt care at all..
0	Sinse i had dis thing..not 1 reply not 1 message. Nuffin! pshh who cares..i know im special  X
0	i had the best day ever! i missed him. more tomorrow too
0	Waiting tables is exhausting! My feet are so sore. Note to self: never become a waitress. Also, kudos to George for the awesome tri-tip
0	I'm jumping off the nearest bridge if I can't have it
0	@Strabismus I try to ignore..just noticing new M.O.'s . I LOVE Sonic drinks. Cherry limeade mmm
0	@xxyouSHiNExx hey! haha, yep! that was me! negative comments get me reallllyyy mad; so i always defend them!  haha!
0	Arrested in the hotel
0	76 long and painful miles today.  knees ache.  approaching 50 years is rough. not accepting it well.  3 glasses of draft helped.
0	We need to ban together and recognize that we aren't always going to agree, but that's ok  #tcot
0	I got me a little too much sun today
0	I wasn't going to go out tonight but looks like I'll be heading over to Main Street
0	@BeccaChan Happy Birthday!  sorry for the blank one my sister messed me up.
0	Just talked to @samgrover's cute grandma on the phone.  She only speaks Hindi-not my best language-but somehow we manged
0	@sharkattack44 i wish there was an &quot;i like&quot; option (like fb) for things like this
0	I jus planted a garden in my backyard
0	lots of decisions to make...i need an assistant/cook/nanny/chauffer lol lol but 4 real!
0	@mbulatao oh no!!!! i hope its not too baad, tell mya i hope she's gets better soon
0	@melissa_paige92 AMEN! Clearly, if they did know you, they wouldn't be able to say that! You're WONDERFUL!  I get it too, though... sucks
0	@theclairemarie I can't, I'm studying so I don't fail  Come over, I'll make u some tortellini or chicken or a chicken salad.
0	hey everyone, whats up? i got another hour and a half of work so tell me something you think i wouldnt know....this should be a good one
0	outta the shower, too bad justin couldn't spend the night.  haha
0	@rafealAnthem http://www.CultureShockMag.com  shoutz 2 @DeeJaySchemes the mix on the site is gonna b nervvoouuss
0	@meli_beli haha yeah u did, oh well theres always next yr  chin up princess hehe
0	@ObviousLB *bows*  I try...sometimes it is hard
0	@pageoneresults more seo voodoo  Google has your cache. NOARCHIVE only hides it from users.
0	@bsweichsel That was like eight years ago. Not so sure it would happen now
0	@kimgoss i been saying that the past 2 weeks that i miss playing spades and drinkin chillin.. the good old days.. let me know baby
0	my teeeeeeeeeeeeeth, hurt a lot. The mall was funnn today, i made 10dolla, not 15.  better than nothing, right?! HEHE.
0	Joining facebeek.  What a loser, I have no friends   Amy where are you?
0	@tammytrent **left off the &quot;again&quot; in the title...whoops!
0	@n_dubbs curse you, igloo dwellers!!
0	GREEN DAY IS PERFORMING ON SNL NEXT WEEK!  sorry, that made me happy and i'm still all ditzy from the Justin Timberlake skits
0	@_danni haha that's the stupid thing, I did and I'm still getting them &gt;:]
0	i was screaming like a maniac!  But the thing was u couldn't scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so...
0	Got caught in the rain. Sand Monsoon all the way home, even though i looked like a complete idiot
0	@CynthiaY29 dr hook  awesome
0	if you're as lovesick as I am, give me a call, we should go bowling and complain about love
0	@saranw Thank you! You should know that I am both happy and sad (all at the same time) to know that. You've got &quot;The Right Stuff&quot;
0	hot wings cafe with willyum  mild, spicy BBQ, curly fries.. delicious!!  http://twitpic.com/4wesr
0	@webaggression I can only promise about 150 or so.
0	@aquadj James and I battle over everything too! It's kind of a love-hate relationship
0	@ninnifur   Animas calls it Combo. Sometimes it works pizza, sometimes not. What pump do you use again?
0	@jlskowro @jennsquared will have to wait on the recipe at Simply Recipes.  Sorries!
0	@_writersblock_  I'm having a bev by myself too. Sometimes you just have those kind of days and you need to relax
0	@David_Henrie wat do u mean by killed it  and yes im sure lady gaga did do awsome
0	Hi Everyone miss me much?  muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ;)
0	@mortuaries your tweets are making my night, bb girl
0	I just watched my favorite movie &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; its so romantic and sad i just love it
0	&gt;&gt;Why did the Blonde Keep failing her drivers license test--------&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Everytime they stopped, she jumped in the back seat.
0	@mamacapps  Know I'm not the only one.  Just harder on me.
0	DUCKED OFF! I'LL BE BACK IN GA TOMORROW.
0	I work all day tomorrow, followed by a date with tits, So Jayden and I gave my mom her mother's day gifts at midnight. She cried.
0	HAPPY MOTHER DAY TO ALL THE MOTHER'S IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WE DESERVED A DAY JUST FOR US RIGHT...
0	@howardlindzon You're such a kiss ass   Looking forward to central, mountain and pacific mother's day tweets.  Don't forget about PEI
0	@profitfu wattup bro, hows it going, i see ya twitter is kicking butt   JV http://twurl.nl/ogzbdl
0	@JoWork oh, she gon com back again.........AND YO' AZZ BETTA MAKE A VID ABOUT YO' PROM BOY
0	@Aroundtheus  cheers!! ;)
0	@FlyAArmy @aduvall818 @FlyingPhotog @FoxWhisperer - brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i don't catch u again later. gotta ck something
0	@_peanut_ Thank you. Now we'll just have to see how long it takes me to finish the damn thing.
0	@Sparkin1 sorry I missed you at the farm today, but DM me if you would like some photos from today
0	@danielradcliffe snitchsneeker photos were cool -but, dang, what's up with all the comments about your chest hair - that's just creepy
0	@agentwill I didn't want to tell you but I think it's your body odour
0	tired and didn't really have an exciting Saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.
0	@Syreeta306 girl u sit ya double decker neck ass DOWN and talk about ppl who are on ur LEVEL and not above
0	@abbey_marie Stick with me kidd...you'll be alright (there's a whole sketchy world out there waiting to be taken advantage of
0	@JonathanRKnight Going so soon? I was hoping to hear late nite humor from you....
0	@AubreyODay aw. wasn't it sad?! give ginger a little pat on the head for me!  mwah!
0	@okibi Ah.  I just found it weird because it's my screen name  Name of war and all that jazz
0	@robincareyyo ...you are kickable.
0	@adriandanganan CLAY AIKEN? GET ME AN AUTOGRAPH!
0	Aww okayy we'll tell you about it tomorrow then
0	@arundo_donax ISN'T PUPPY FREAKING ADORABLE!? I didn't want to let her go. FUZZYPUPPY.
0	Apple FAIL. If you set up a new British Mac, the dashboard weather widget is for London, Canada, not the UK one  (Hard to tell too!)
0	@dredpiraterob poor thing. come watch tv at my house  lol
0	@TheSpencerSmith hush...stop teasing
0	about to hit the sheets.
0	listening to the new demo! This song is going to be fantastic once its done!
0	09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true;)&lt;3 In addition,gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!!
0	this is how we do itttt
0	Soo Tired. My head hurts. I Love Andy sooooo much!
0	@imfunsizee and jarita i'm going home now and i'm with two hot guys  drool.
0	OMG, time to sleep, today was an horror, i really hope best weekends *---*..Goodnight buddies
0	OFFICIALLY booked for seattle with @cfine1 and @ebotkin12 it's going to be THE best birthday weekend EVER!  @bradlawrence :you made me sad
0	I &lt;3 Rupert Grint......&amp; of the boy, Ive accepted tht I do fancy him  But im certain he doesnt feel the same so its not worth telling him
0	@LaurenBakarian: i miss you
0	@ninjapixie83 Sorry for your loss.  I know how you feel.  She or he was a lucky cat.
0	@LisaBernart Great to meet you! Thanks for the use of your umbrella...I hope you ate and got some sleep!
0	@jtimberlake DAMN YOU KILLED IT ON SNL...THAT WAS GOOD STUFF I WAS CRYING W/LAUGHTER @jimmyfallon broke you i love it
0	Don't know what to do right now...pretty bored, but I refuse to study. Any suggestions?
0	Still feel like craaaap and like everyone on earth needs to know this lol... Have fun birdies
0	Thank you all for your incredible support and encouragement-it means so much!! You constantly bless me &amp; I am thankful for you!!
0	happy mothers day  going to the zoo... i have to wake up at 9:30 oh god noo!!!
0	@farah_n_pete you do a terrible job of hiding it.
0	@TiptheMilkman awww  no problem , sorry for tha loss
0	@hollywoodtv just a question.. are you guys liek famous or anything ? haha and MILEY FOLLOWED YOU LUCKKYY ! im so jealous
0	Im.in.the.room Im.watching.the.HANNAHmovie.withMOM.She.said.this.film.very.great.
0	My legs are so fucking sore. And my feet hurt to walk. Whataday
0	@Epic_War_MT I'm no longer blue
0	@AmyPredsfan Oops..too late.  Already popped in Bridges, since I missed most of it on tv.   (I &lt;3 Blair &amp; Jo too!)
0	@CandyMaize its ok..i was kinda feeling ignored anyway  And its sunday arvo 330pm. Going out for Lunch &amp; WINE!
0	thanks so much for the discount code. looking forward to trying your pads out
0	I just single handedly killed 4 flies and a crane fly with my hairbrush!! I'm gonna go disinfect it now...but bugs beware!!
0	@citycynic lol, as a target employee they forbid me from that place, no i usually go in and buy like everything along with commenting
0	@dailypep I'm sure I will cry at the most unopportunte (spelling?) moment!!
0	@prepchik07 p.s.: UV rays are just as strong with clouds as with regular sun, sometimes stronger. just FYI.
0	Filming at a carnival for my music video... It reminds me of the Cherry Festival that I used to go to back home... Ahhh memories...
0	Going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. I have boring saturday evenings
0	@thomasfiss hahaha now ur gonna tweet.... I awoke to 67 the other night haha Man the concerts here suck. Cali's da place 2 be
0	Sounds like there's a party up the street.  I guess they forgot to invite me
0	Just got home from work and tired
0	@ChaseSanders  if she sees that she will cry! lol
0	@DawnRichard Awww, that's nice.  You both make a really beautiful couple, you balance each other.
0	mmm - home-made pizza (that I helped to make), a home-made cheesecake (to eat soon) &amp; family... a nice day for mother &amp; nanna
0	Missed Justin on SNL! AGHHH! Just when I started to love him again, yes it's one of those weeks.
0	new phone + zero contacts = poo. send me a message with your name so i can save your numbers thanks
0	definitely OD tired..but backstagepazz.com is no joke..i think i want to be a groupie just so i can tell my tale.
0	i'm addicted to home
0	@slicksean I'd love that. And, don't think of it as easy. Think of it as enthusiastic.
0	Shower is taken. It is in the room right by the bed. Yeasterday we had the shower on the balcony, with sea wiew, that was a bit nicer
0	strongly agrees with Jason about Wolverine, but not about Hugh Jackman.  Sorry. No kids for this Mouse.
0	@vautrin tis' cool..I still stand by my former proclamation! I'm just stubborn that way! #rebellioustwitwhoknowsacoolcatcook lol
0	Just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes
0	@kevinpollak  We forgive you and we have missed you!
0	@kixsal The Star Trek in IMAX wasn't in 3D, but it was huge on the screen.  Still worth watching.
0	Im so done defending him. Im going to bed and im gonna give my mom a happy mothers day.  at least ill try.
0	@brabakr   ...Thank you Mr. President!....
0	bye daddy!! see you on tuesday
0	@Britneyspears : For the Record is still the saddest thing to watch. &quot;I'm gonna go through life like the karate kid&quot;...and so am I.
0	I fucking love Alexander William Gaskarth
0	@suzyqbee He says he feels mama tucking him in at night  He's lonely but getting by. Tomorrow will be tough!
0	@Lozingsleep Damn, that charming skater look is kind of....HOT! A hot mess  Catherine pls don't hate me for hitting on your friends. tnx
0	@elf_princess69 hehehe! Barry Killer! U need a pic
0	watching the original sabrina the teenage witch movie. so different from the series but so rad
0	@geneva_rockett i know! And he laughed at the stupid 'women's right's' joke. Wth! Glad we have the same humor!
0	@CHACITY has more followers than me. I wanna be as cool as her. Follow her so that will never happen.
0	going to sleep now...5/10/09 &gt; Happy Mother's Day...&amp;...Happy Birthday to ME!!!
0	@shibuya246 yeah, but no closer to the secret of stumble.
0	finding out a song you had no idea was a cover is actually indeed that .... and then thinking that that is awesome makes my day.
0	So I was just angrily told I was extemely abusive...mentally, emotionally, &amp; physically. It made my day.  Nightss.
0	@aplusk Awww, here...WAZ UUUUP!!!   Seriously, glad y'all had fun.  Too bad my invite got lost in the mail lol. peace. xo
0	@DonniesGirl69  Yes,... I blame you all
0	Memories
0	So tired and I have to work till 10:30 tonight!    Happy mothers day to everyone too  http://tinyurl.com/qu62bl
0	Twitter, you just fail at life sometimes.  Oh well. http://tinyurl.com/qkxh7q
0	@jamie_oliver whats for breaky then, russtle something up for my hangover please our jamie lmao
0	@SirReigns Good luck with the design....remember the little people   Heading to bed, goodnight!
0	@oohhMandy ITSNIKKITIME haha...shiiit, that was Austin o'brien..pardon my BAD call!
0	@twisty7867 i'm using paint.net x64 and it's running crazily fast - can't afford CS4 unfortunately... yet
0	@solangeknowles I'm proud of You Solange.
0	Enjoying the happiness of this special day. Another day that I can make the best one of my life
0	been high azza bitch all day.... was goody... i missed u twitter
0	@KManCOBHC he has been really brave but this is the best thing to do - now he can rest and get better. Get well soon, Alexi
0	Music soothes the soul...
0	@sanda86 ummm.. sure! i miss ya'll alot too.  i think you know who i meant.
0	@wolfchild59  heheheheh... lol... I always figured he'd send them your way if he got any dupes... I felt bad not sending him stuff...
0	@FoOie yea just fun dive..a bit scary sometimes but fun.  u like diving?
0	Missing @smartbrain from BKK na.
0	Happy Mothers Day
0	@teksone No, I'm in the US for the weekend not the UK
0	Waiting for the bus back from cripple creek to pick up the twizzler town seems kinda quiet tonite    *rolynn719*
0	about to go to my boo's pad
0	@DirtyLiz It's because we're right
0	is feeling good.. kinda tired.. miss him... can't wait for grad this weekend!!
0	@unitechy wud like to. But I actually have a free weekend this time and family is visiting. so I'm staying put. next time
0	Only just past 8am and already been spoiled rotton
0	@DaveStyles Haha yes and that is BS! all men lie. show me one who doesn't and I'll marry him
0	off to mothers day brunch with the gang. YAY!!!!! It's not the Zoo, but should be just as much fun.
0	@dangercharlie you're welcome char, glad you liked the cake, it's pretty simple you should give it a try
0	just got back from..ahem, meal#4...was boring but had to eat nonetheless
0	I am usually more creative on Mother's Day but lately I have not been feeling creative. O.K.. Good Night.  uh Morning...
0	@parboo LOL - Birmingham was my 1st love... but it's time to move on! ;) Good Morning
0	Star Trek movie: riveting. Soundtrack: superb. Overall experience: fantastic. Alyssa jumping at german shepherd: priceless.
0	At social.  just saw G-1.. Awwww
0	@juliegoodacre I was thinking of changing it but it is a hassle for everyone who follows us so I get to be Jason
0	@solangeknowles you are so freaking awesome Solange. Happy mother's day. i wish i had a mom like you...sad. blah. but best wishes!
0	@NikkiBenz i hope so, recorded the pit/was game to find out it didnt record... lucky it wasn't the leafs, i woulda lost it by now
0	aww thats wikid, i need to book myne again sooon  miss you to lovely!! im off ned some brekkie.. speak soon dudde xxx
0	@joooo The rest of the week is less than 2.5 hours long
0	just got home! LET US ALL BE CONNECTED WITH GOD, CONSTANTLY!
0	@davecandoit dude that honest to god happens to me all the time.. minus the trail mix.
0	In a lazy sunday; just had a very late lunch,and forget to buy PR,we're on page 16
0	rain drops keep falling on my head..
0	@JayceiiNc im disgusted as well and baron, spelling lessons homie!! haha it's &quot;effort&quot; and &quot;team&quot; r u shwasty? shloshed?  i love you
0	@HilzFuld Patience, it's worth it
0	@DespinaCook or least for the firmware upgrade. just buying some time until I get my tax return really
0	rblpnqte @sheryonstone: &quot;sheesh I am sending one up to you @ladypn.  I think you could use it  lol&quot; RB DELUX... ? http://blip.fm/~5z36j
0	Early morning walkies really aren't my thing... at least it's vaguely warm
0	Just woke up from nap and then ate nasi padang and pisang cokelat
0	Well twitts I was waiting on a response from @DawnRichard, but she's out partying and having a good time,so maybe some other day!
0	@joooo No, but Geek Minds Think Alike.
0	@dcal44 Been meaning to email you for months. Your pre-reunion party must be coming up soon. Really wish I could be there. &gt;140 char soon
0	uploading photos. ughhhh, i have to go to school early tomorrow. fml. but woo excursion. i win
0	Feeling like crap today. Hopefully a nice relaxing swim will do the trick
0	Sweet dreams!I'm tired  I'm so excited I might actually get to golf in the morning! Family tradition!
0	@asombroso bahahaha. I love Gabriel - absolutely fucking hilarious!!!
0	Finally home and exhausted.  Work week is over, but I still expect less than 5 hours sleep tonight.  Happy Mother's Day! I luv you Mom
0	and to think that all I've ever played for is just fun   I suck at marketing and promotion..
0	@guillermop you should.
0	im slowly losing followers one by one.
0	@theaidenash hey hunny bunny, what's a weekend? is that like a day off or something?
0	i have no swine flu! because of the temperature screening here i feel like a criminal with my cold.
0	@paulmwatson not gonna ask what a boom boom is!  morning.
0	Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  #lostthegame (Blame @meekakitty )
0	@bluecat7 absolutely tru...the horror of it still washes ovr me sometimes if i think  abt the actual last days, but the gd memories go on
0	first time in weeks to see the clear blue sky
0	Morning all. Up and about and about to wash the car. Remind me; Why did I choose white again??  http://bit.ly/Y92Mb
0	SCENE SLUTS AT 4AM IS ALWAYS THE SHIT
0	Full, thanks for the food Jean  I should have brought that half of the watermelon with me and eat it on the freeway and crash and die.
0	HaPPy MothErS Day!!! Feliz Dia deLAS MAdres  mine is already in Heaven.. =( Miss you...
0	@BrandenHaydon Yes, I really do.
0	@london I miss u like cotton candy  &lt;3
0	This wraps it up. Well, again a lesson that you shouldn't take nude photos of yourself when you're famous. Or maybe you really should!
0	@rebelraising Yeah, that lying in bed thing's a bugger for blocking creativity  Worse if you're pinned down by a pet cat, apparently...
0	@mcrmy_lisa ...one online? Yeah, me
0	Mana - Everything they've ever made since 1986
0	@yan_ming @affascinare me is gg for summer sch though.. not attachment... yan can go see the blog. check my msn or ask kinny
0	@KiwiLucy ahhh ;) I know who wins the entire thing, I TRY to avoid these things but it never works
0	@Curren$y_Spitta Was caught in traffic around the Howlin Wolf for about 30mins. I was wondering WTH was going on.....musta been nice!
0	trying to do a blend. i know, i suck at them but there's no harm in trying.
0	Today I wrote two songs (one for temple which I will probably never perform ever) and one for mothers day. Happy vesak everyone  rena xoxo
0	2,697 views on my FLickr Account.. Maybe is not much for you...  but I'm happy  ... YAY http://www.flickr.com/photos/bonassin/
0	@yiannis_k good question  could they?
0	Hitting the sack now, fellow Twitterheads...so, where are you treating your Mom today?
0	Just been asked to sing yet again....aha. coffee mornin this time. psychology past questions&amp;revision suck!
0	can't believe the weekend is over already!  Where does the time go?  Had a nice day with the fam. today.  Mum had a good day too.
0	is working it out allll day long.
0	Deathstar destroys Starship Enterprice http://bit.ly/2agcTh Can't get enough of this video  #starwars #startrek
0	@Hanster7705 ahhahahaha ARIYAN  i want to listen to that now  i used up bandwidth by downloading a hamish and andy podcast
0	@ExtremeAnnette I can't seem to find it, can you send it to me again please  oh and tag it too lol
0	@Jae878 oh yes, i ave never orderd from there, a lil funny at first to do so, i will check it our ta
0	looking for my sister on facebook, miss you yani
0	Trying to sleep, watching CNN and thinking about todays meeting at work...Best Buy 24/7 in my life, oh well.. whatever pays the alcohol
0	... sorry GPGMail
0	@AshantiGirl HELLOOO!!! How are you?? Gosh I miss seeing you around. Thought of you last night when I had some amarula
0	everybody needs some time on thier own  Guns N Roses x ? http://blip.fm/~5z5kz
0	@greggrunberg just showin some love to ya. and i'm really gonna miss Greg Beeman's directing next season. ya'll's commentaries r so funny
0	@princ3sskrys10 lmao I've never met anyone who liked caramel this much
0	@fayewhitaker shame Freud can't follow up on those implications
0	Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, and Leonard NImoy on SNL tonight was quite possibly the most fun I've had geeking out in a long time.
0	@giblahoj Oh! It's not the mothers day in France, but in Germany and in the USA that is it
0	fighting with mum on mothers day
0	Mmmm Ham  Yummy! I have hat hair...Stupid Deli ._.
0	Strange day  I forget all what i can
0	@askfrasco ooh,,, am fine, how about ya??? I know toooo late,,, sorry for dat....
0	my shoes taken off and my slippers put on my feet!
0	@OhaiGabriella i hate it. it should just be english all day everyday
0	@AlanCarr Quaver Sandwiches  and tea.
0	@GabrielSaporta heard you slutted it up! I'm totally jealz~ I missed it. Maybe next time!
0	Stop Everything! Are YOU extremely UNCOOL &amp; I don't know? IDENTIFY yourself NOW! Don't be shy let me know so I can UNfollow! Thank you!x
0	i believe only my black personality can explain how i feel... that boyfrann of mines gots me sprung
0	Really tired this sunday morning  xxx
0	@emilyhall92 awww bless him  i am indeed coming, 68 days woooo! are you?
0	@shortword ah cool yeah i can see that . really handy thanks
0	Gatorade first thing in the morning = yumyum  feeling shattered but must arise and revise for IT tomorrow.
0	@Parsnipzilla ohtays, it all makes sense now... Cool
0	need to push diet to last level. Not too good last week lost 1 lb. . Better than a gain
0	@queetsss thanks babe. I guess I will find the right person one day, til then I'm better off alone
0	Oh, and I'm obviously back on my stupid sleep schedule. Luckily church isn't until 2 tomorrow.
0	I am the empitome of epic fail, just you know, more epic than fail.
0	just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors
0	@V_KONG Record Grand Prix to skip through later, watch Man U game, Radio 1 .... well sport comes first
0	@Nicsey Snap! I know that feeling well
0	Hot showers make everything better  all i need is sumbody to tuck me in. . ugh miss my gramma
0	Went shopping for sports tour yesterday with Garley... very very very funny!! Now I need some brunch  And a shower.
0	simple greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten our mood, doesn't it ever happen to you?
0	Has finally found her new flat.
0	nothings really going *well*...however currently theres nothing else to look forward to so may aswel make the best of it
0	@ezrabutler - they have their headaches the morning after, instead!
0	even when we're miles and miles apart; you're still holding all of my heart    4 days until jonas brothers 3d concert experience w/candice
0	2 days after #all4web ...i'm still tired
0	@MiaLotta why do u feel shit? Nerves? I tripped over that plastic telescope at 6:40 am yesty, I fell into the wall my head still hurts
0	Forgive me good lord for this time I /knew/ wat am I doing.. Except the mighty oracle just didn't *&amp;@#ing care to fully support UnixODBC.
0	Today I'm lonley girl with a guitar
0	@sassij Or he's gonna chop you up into tiny bits - one of the two
0	@Malarkey ok point taken.  I'll tell my team to stop our cynical championing of standards. Active-X is far better anyway
0	unfortunately people at work let me down so I am now having a bad morning! it's official... but revenge is a dish best served cold
0	Just came home from my sister where I spent the night
0	@simbaaa @mahimaaa SORRY! I couldn't help it. 'Twas to try and get if on the trending topics.
0	@courtpet oh sweet! I'll definitely check it out when I get the chance...
0	if you hit a car .. u should leave a note http://bit.ly/P274B  but yea put whatever u want on the note
0	Rove Live in 3 mins, kinda excited.
0	@iamhenrymorgan my screen is covered with BLUR ...  how's ya day been kiddo ?
0	shower time
0	@ElizaPatricia Never met you in person but miss you like hell. That must be your charm...
0	Basil will be the highlight of my day. I've just had an old man lecture me on the greatness of the Telegraph. What an idiot
0	my back and legs kill from yesterday and we have a big old leak in the kitchen, looks like staying in pjs all day infront of the tv
0	@nigs Ah so 15 months. I'm sure he is advanced, and it's not you being biased  they seem to grow up faster these days - now I sound old!
0	@scouserach Not today Rach
0	OOPS I meant 9412tr sorry lol
0	Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  http://tinyurl.com/dx8as4
0	@michaelmagical Oh its dinner time here. still sulking over missing your fillet min   *sob* so having tea &amp; toast
0	@sassyback you were right about karla not the best movie made
0	Enough already about Wolfram Alpha: The Next Google, Or the Next Cuil? http://bit.ly/6HESZ
0	@leeye yep trying to beat the cold winter. Morning swim is always refreshing~ good start of day
0	Finally going to bed after staying up reading the script for &quot;Remember Me.&quot; So sad but sooo good! Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's!
0	@codelust @prolificd caught me at lunch today... you were correct of he stalking me
0	Dans public transport again and have decided it's just everything north of London that's utter crap these southern trains are alright
0	Last night, bad guys tried to enter in my garden . I was alone and I really got scared. Now, i feel really stupid. NOT FUNNY
0	@dangerjoe hey Mr Danger!!!
0	Happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers, and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      I miss my mom....
0	Happy mothers day  ugh sick...school tomorrow  watched E!News, keeping up with the kardashians and dreamgirls
0	@digitalpainted oh mann das ist super lustig  du armer... macs age 2 months, battery charging NO. garantiefall...
0	Home from Whitney's. No sleep. Church in a bit. Dangggg....I'm tired. But it was worth it
0	Man i hate church. Has to be done though. I like the way it makes other people feel good
0	Heaps keen for next weekend.     Mummy. &lt;3
0	@renagades Have a great day..... if the rain keeps up I may go swimming instead of dining here
0	@Ssisch Hmmm... Sisch &amp; sound design. So when you say soon, you mean weeks
0	@watermelon39 haha! And Twitter! Hard though isn't it?!
0	is heading off to the fair
0	Very little was said about the matter to Ib, and he did not refer to it; his mother, however, noticed that he had grown very silent and pensive.
0	Poor Christina!
0	At last a very little girl came out of one of the wretched-looking houses, and Ib asked her to tell him the way to the street he wanted; she looked up timidly at him, and began to cry bitterly.
0	The air in the room was heavy and stifling, no light was burning, and from one corner came sounds of moaning and sighing.
0	The cold hand of death had already touched the heart of Christina.
0	Her youngest child, looked for in the midst of prosperity, had sunk into the grave when only a few weeks old; and at last Christina herself became sick unto death, and lay, forsaken and dying, in a miserable room, amid poverty she might have borne in her younger days, but which was now more painful to her from the luxuries to which she had lately been accustomed.
0	It makes me unhappy to think that I shall die, and leave this poor child," sighed she.
0	"Oh, what will become of her?"
0	He never knew; for not another word escaped her lips.
0	Alfred wept, and mamma wept, and they both wore mourning.
0	The black dress suited mamma very well, and she wore mourning the longest.
0	She had also to experience another grief in seeing Alfred marry again, marry Sophy, who was nothing at all to look at.
0	Unfortunately I have not long to live- the shortest time, in fact, of my whole family- only twenty-eight days.
0	It was NOVEMBER, who coughed violently as he got out.
0	But lo! the servant of one of the robbers secretly approached her; they must not see it, otherwise they would have killed him.
0	Therein lives a poor paralysed girl; the window of her little room looks northward, the sun does not enter here.
0	The girl can only see a small piece of field which is surrounded by a high fence.
0	All this a single servant has done, and yet she has time to spare as if she wished to go to church; she wears a bow on her cap, a black bow, that signifies mourning.
0	But she has no one to mourn, neither father nor mother, neither relations nor sweetheart.
0	She is a poor girl.
0	One day he came to her and said: "We both have nothing!
0	The rich widow over the way in the basement has made advances to me; she will make me rich, but you are in my heart; what do you advise me to do?"
0	"I advise you to do what you think will turn out to your happiness," said the girl.
0	"Be kind and good to her, but remember this; from the hour we part we shall never see each other again."
0	"Rich and prospering in every respect," he said; "the woman is brave and good, but you are in my heart.
0	I have fought the battle, it will soon be ended; we shall not see each other again now until we meet before God!"
0	A week has passed; this morning his death was in the newspaper, that is the reason of the girl's mourning!
0	Her old sweetheart is dead and has left a wife and three step-children, as the paper says; it sounds as if there is a crack, but the metal is pure.
0	The black bow signifies mourning, the girl's face points to the same in a still higher degree; it is preserved in the heart and will never be forgotten.
0	Delaying is not forgetting!
0	She had not a button- that she knew right well, and therefore she remained standing sorrowfully outside, till all the others had seen the grave and had gone away; then she sat down, held her little brown hands before her eyes, and burst into tears; this girl alone had not seen Puggie's grave.
0	It was a grief as great to her as any grown person can experience.
0	My career has been very interesting, but what's the use of that if nobody knows anything about it?
0	If I had received golden shoes I should have been an ornament to the stable; now I am lost to the stable and to the world.
0	It is all over with me."
0	The poor horse was very melancholy, and wandered up and down in the wood, seeking some little shelter from the cold wind and rain.
0	"Ah!" replied the horse, "justice and avarice never dwell in one house; my master has forgotten all that I have done for him so many years, and because I can no longer work he has turned me adrift, and says unless I become stronger than a lion he will not take me back again; what chance can I have of that? he knows I have none, or he would not talk so."
0	He had little to bite and to break, and once when great dearth fell on the land, he could no longer procure even daily bread.
0	Now when he thought over this by night in his bed, and tossed about in his anxiety, he groaned and said to his wife: "What is to become of us?
0	How are we to feed our poor children, when we no longer have anything even for ourselves?"
0	"But I feel very sorry for the poor children, all the same," said the man.
0	Gretel wept bitter tears, and said to Hansel: "Now all is over with us."
0	Gretel began to cry and said: "How are we to get out of the forest now?"
0	The man"s heart was heavy, and he thought: "It would be better for you to share the last mouthful with your children."
0	Then they fell asleep and evening passed, but no one came to the poor children.
0	Hansel said to Gretel: "We shall soon find the way," but they did not find it.
0	They walked the whole night and all the next day too from morning till evening, but they did not get out of the forest, and were very hungry, for they had nothing to eat but two or three berries, which grew on the ground.
0	And as they were so weary that their legs would carry them no longer, they lay down beneath a tree and fell asleep.
0	They began to walk again, but they always came deeper into the forest, and if help did not come soon, they must die of hunger and weariness.
0	Gretel began to weep bitterly, but it was all in vain, for she was forced to do what the wicked witch commanded.
0	And now the best food was cooked for poor Hansel, but Gretel got nothing but crab-shells.
0	Ah, how the poor little sister did lament when she had to fetch the water, and how her tears did flow down her cheeks!
0	"Dear God, do help us," she cried.
0	"If the wild beasts in the forest had but devoured us, we should at any rate have died together."
0	"Prithee, friend, why so sorrowful?" said he to the merchant; "what is it you take so deeply to heart?"
0	Meantime little Heinel grew up, and as the end of the twelve years drew near the merchant began to call to mind his bond, and became very sad and thoughtful; so that care and sorrow were written upon his face.
0	Then he took leave of his father, and set himself in the boat, but before it got far off a wave struck it, and it fell with one side low in the water, so the merchant thought that poor Heinel was lost, and went home very sorrowful, while the dwarf went his way, thinking that at any rate he had had his revenge.
0	And thus eight years had passed over their heads, when the king thought of his father; and he began to long to see him once again.
0	When he came to his father"s house, he said he was his son; but the merchant would not believe him, and said he had had but one son, his poor Heinel, who he knew was long since dead: and as he was only dressed like a poor shepherd, he would not even give him anything to eat.
0	In an instant they stood before him; but the queen wept, and said he had broken his word, and bad luck would follow.
0	"Alas!" said she to herself, "was I not once set free?
0	They were telling one another of all the places where they had been waddling about all the morning, and what good food they had found; and one said in a pitiful tone: "Something lies heavy on my stomach; as I was eating in haste I swallowed a ring which lay under the queen"s window."
0	When his request was granted he set out on his way, and one day came to a pond, where he saw three fishes caught in the reeds and gasping for water.
0	All the people grieved for the handsome youth; then they went away, leaving him alone by the sea.
0	The youth sat down in the garden and considered how it might be possible to perform this task, but he could think of nothing, and there he sat sorrowfully awaiting the break of day, when he should be led to death.
0	He had not even so much as a cow, and still less money to buy one, and yet he and his wife did so wish to have one.
0	They salted the flesh, and the peasant went into the town and wanted to sell the skin there, so that he might buy a new calf with the proceeds.
0	On the way he passed by a mill, and there sat a raven with broken wings, and out of pity he took him and wrapped him in the skin.
0	"Ah," said the wife, "the poor knave came in the storm and rain, and begged for shelter, so I gave him a bit of bread and cheese, and showed him where the straw was."
0	Then he was much troubled, and made known to the whole land that whosoever brought his daughters back again should have one of them to wife.
0	"Oh, very badly," said he, and then they lamented their misfortune together, but they said nothing about it to the youngest, for they did not like him at all, and always called him Stupid Hans, because he did not exactly belong to the forest.
0	He looked at the dragons, heads likewise and said, "You too cannot help me now."
0	Then Gretel called out to her master: "If the guest does not come, I must take the fowls away from the fire, but it will be a sin and a shame if they are not eaten the moment they are at their juiciest."
0	It certainly is a sin and a shame that they are not eaten at the right time!"
0	"That"s a nice trick!" said her master, and lamented the fine chickens.
0	"If he had but left me one, so that something remained for me to eat."
0	When the money was being counted out to him, it so happened that the doctor was sitting at table, and when the peasant saw how well he ate and drank, his heart desired what he saw, and would willingly have been a doctor too.
0	When he had doctored people awhile, but not long, a rich and great lord had some money stolen.
0	The doctor looked at the dish, had no idea what to say, and cried: "Ah, poor Crabb."
0	Jorinda sat down to gaze upon the sun; Jorindel sat by her side; and both felt sad, they knew not why; but it seemed as if they were to be parted from one another for ever.
0	He mourn"d for the fate of his darling mate, Well-a-day!"
0	Poor Jorindel saw the nightingale was gone-- but what could he do?
0	He prayed, he wept, he sorrowed, but all in vain.
0	He could not go back to his own home, so he went to a strange village, and employed himself in keeping sheep.
0	Many a time did he walk round and round as near to the hated castle as he dared go, but all in vain; he heard or saw nothing of Jorinda.
0	One morning the wood-cutter went out sorrowfully to his work in the forest, and while he was cutting wood, suddenly there stood before him a tall and beautiful woman with a crown of shining stars on her head, who said to him, "I am the Virgin Mary, mother of the child Jesus.
0	She wanted to cry out, but she could bring forth no sound.
0	Here, too, she found a shelter from storm and rain, but it was a miserable life, and bitterly did she weep when she remembered how happy she had been in heaven, and how the angels had played with her.
0	Thus she sat year after year, and felt the pain and the misery of the world.
0	In olden times, when the Lord himself still used to walk about on this earth amongst men, it once happened that he was tired and overtaken by the darkness before he could reach an inn.
0	"Alas!" said the dog, "my master was going to knock me on the head, because I am old and weak, and can no longer make myself useful to him in hunting; so I ran away; but what can I do to earn my livelihood?"
0	They had not gone far before they saw a cat sitting in the middle of the road and making a most rueful face.
0	Because I am beginning to grow old, and had rather lie at my ease by the fire than run about the house after the mice, my mistress laid hold of me, and was going to drown me; and though I have been lucky enough to get away from her, I do not know what I am to live upon."
0	Then Thumbling began to cry, and for the sake of peace his father put him in his pocket, and took him with him.
0	"I wish you would give them to me," said the other; "I am very poor."
0	Then the cock was so distressed that he cried aloud, and every animal came to lament the little hen, and six mice built a little carriage to carry her to her grave, and when the carriage was ready they harnessed themselves to it, and the cock drove.
0	So the coal also laid itself across the water, but unhappily just touched it, on which the coal hissed, was extinguished and died.
0	When a stone saw that, it took pity on the little cock, wished to help him, and laid itself over the water.
0	Then the little cock was left alone with the dead hen, and dug a grave for her and laid her in it, and made a mound above it, on which he sat down and fretted until he died too, and then every one was dead.
0	At length the woman hoped that God was about to grant her desire.
0	One day the woman was standing by this window and looking down into the garden, when she saw a bed which was planted with the most beautiful rampion (rapunzel), and it looked so fresh and green that she longed for it, she quite pined away, and began to look pale and miserable.
0	"Ah," she replied, "if I can"t eat some of the rampion, which is in the garden behind our house, I shall die."
0	It tasted so good to her--so very good, that the next day she longed for it three times as much as before.
0	The king"s son wanted to climb up to her, and looked for the door of the tower, but none was to be found.
0	The king"s son was beside himself with pain, and in his despair he leapt down from the tower.
0	He escaped with his life, but the thorns into which he fell pierced his eyes.
0	Then he wandered quite blind about the forest, ate nothing but roots and berries, and did naught but lament and weep over the loss of his dearest wife.
0	Thus he roamed about in misery for some years, and at length came to the desert where Rapunzel, with the twins to which she had given birth, a boy and a girl, lived in wretchedness.
0	The bird took its flight to a dark wood and remained there for a long time, and meanwhile the parents could hear nothing of their child.
0	The man promised to do all that she wished, but the raven said, "Alas!
0	I know even now that you will take something from the woman and be unable to save me."
0	She went as before to look for him, but he slept, and it was impossible to awaken him.
0	She was sadder than ever as she drove along, and said mournfully, "I know he has fallen asleep, and will not be able to set me free."
0	She found him sleeping heavily, and all her efforts to awaken him were of no avail.
0	Finally, she laid a letter near him, in which, after giving him particulars of the food and drink she had left for him, she finished with the following words: "I see that as long as you remain here you will never be able to set me free; if, however, you still wish to do so, come to the golden castle of Stromberg; this is well within your power to accomplish."
0	When the man awoke and found that he had been sleeping, he was grieved at heart, and said, "She has no doubt been here and driven away again, and it is now too late for me to save her."
0	Then his eyes fell on the things which were lying beside him; he read the letter, and knew from it all that had happened.
0	The man now thought he should like to continue his journey, but the giant begged him to remain for a day or two longer until the return of his brother, who was away in search of provisions.
0	Then he fetched other older maps, and they went on looking for the castle until at last they found it, but it was many thousand miles away.
0	"How shall I be able to get there?" asked the man.
0	When he saw that it was impossible to reach her, he was greatly grieved, and said to himself, "I will remain here and wait for her," so he built himself a little hut, and there he sat and watched for a whole year, and every day he saw the king"s daughter driving round her castle, but still was unable to get nearer to her.
0	She sought for him about the castle, but could find him nowhere.
0	There was once upon a time a soldier who for many years had served the king faithfully, but when the war came to an end could serve no longer because of the many wounds which he had received.
0	He sat for a while very sorrowfully, then suddenly he felt in his pocket and found his tobacco pipe, which was still half full.
0	She, however, did everything he bade her, without opposition, silently and with halfshut eyes.
0	After a while the cook said to him: "It is not well for you to be so alone, wish for a pretty girl as a companion."
0	"Ah," she replied, "the way is so long, and what shall I do in a strange land where I am unknown?"
0	Whilst he was sitting there, he thought of his dearest mother, and wished that one of the king"s principal servants would begin to speak of her, and would ask how it was faring with the queen in the tower, and if she were alive still, or had perished.
0	But when she was led in she ate nothing, and said: "The gracious and merciful God who has supported me in the tower, will soon set me free."
0	The aged king ordered the cook to be torn in four pieces, but grief consumed the king"s own heart, and he soon died.
0	There was once a shoemaker, who worked very hard and was very honest: but still he could not earn enough to live upon; and at last all he had in the world was gone, save just leather enough to make one pair of shoes.
0	I am quite sorry to see them run about as they do; and indeed it is not very decent, for they have nothing upon their backs to keep off the cold.
0	So he set out once more on his journey, sighing, and in great despair, when on a sudden his friend the fox met him, and said, "You see now what has happened on account of your not listening to my counsel.
0	But when the son looked at the horse, he thought it a great pity to put the leathern saddle upon it.
0	Then he went his way very sorrowful; but the old fox came and said, "Why did not you listen to me?
0	As they came to the castle, all was as the fox had said, and at twelve o"clock the young man met the princes going to the bath and gave her the kiss, and she agreed to run away with him, but begged with many tears that he would let her take leave of her father.
0	Now this hill was so big that the whole world could not take it away: and when he had worked for seven days, and had done very little, the fox came and said.
0	But the people said "No," unless he would bestow all his money upon the rascals and buy their liberty.
0	Then there was great rejoicing made; but the horse would not eat, the bird would not sing, and the princess wept.
0	A long while after, he went to walk one day in the wood, and the old fox met him, and besought him with tears in his eyes to kill him, and cut off his head and feet.
0	But the girl did not care for the man as a girl ought to care for her betrothed husband.
0	"Ah, you poor child," answered the old woman, "what a place for you to come to!
0	If I did not take pity on you and save you, you would be lost."
0	I have long been waiting for an opportunity to escape."
0	They gave her wine to drink, three glasses full, one of white wine, one of red, and one of yellow, and with that her heart gave way and she died.
0	In the anguish of his heart the King consented, and the old woman led him to her little hut, where her daughter was sitting by the fire.
0	"Alas, dear father," she answered, "they have gone away and left me alone!" and she told him that she had seen from her little window how her brothers had flown away over the forest in the shape of swans, and she showed him the feathers, which they had let fall in the courtyard, and which she had picked up.
0	The King mourned, but he did not think that the Queen had done this wicked deed, and as he feared that the girl would also be stolen away from him, he wanted to take her away with him.
0	The poor girl thought, "I can no longer stay here.
0	The little sister wept and said, "Can you not be set free?"
0	"Alas, no," they answered, "the conditions are too hard!
0	Mrs Fox went up to her room, shut herself in, and her maid, Miss Cat, sat by the fire, and did the cooking.
0	"She is sitting in her room, Moaning in her gloom, Weeping her little eyes quite red, Because old Mr Fox is dead."
0	"Oh, yes, my little cat," she cried.
0	"Has he nine as beautiful tails as the late Mr Fox?"
0	"Oh, no," answered the cat, "he has only one."
0	Then he got up and clambered out of the cave, went into the forest, and thought, "Here I am quite alone and deserted, how shall I obtain a horse now?"
0	"Alas, thou canst not help me."
0	Although the little girl was very pretty, she was so weak and small that they thought she could not live; but they said she should at once be christened.
0	Sorry as he was to see his wish so fulfilled, he did not know how what was done could be undone, and comforted himself as well as he could for the loss of his seven sons with his dear little daughter, who soon became stronger and every day more beautiful.
0	Then she was much grieved, and went to her father and mother, and asked if she had any brothers, and what had become of them.
0	So they dared no longer hide the truth from her, but said it was the will of Heaven, and that her birth was only the innocent cause of it; but the little girl mourned sadly about it every day, and thought herself bound to do all she could to bring her brothers back; and she had neither rest nor ease, till at length one day she stole away, and set out into the wide world to find her brothers, wherever they might be, and free them, whatever it might cost her.
0	Then she felt for the little piece of wood; but when she unwrapped the cloth it was not there, and she saw she had lost the gift of the good stars.
0	She wanted to save her brothers, and had no key of the castle of the glass-mountain; so this faithful little sister took a knife out of her pocket and cut off her little finger, that was just the size of the piece of wood she had lost, and put it in the door and opened it.
0	Then the dwarf said, "My masters are not at home; but if you will wait till they come, pray step in."
0	Now the little dwarf was getting their dinner ready, and he brought their food upon seven little plates, and their drink in seven little glasses, and set them upon the table, and out of each little plate their sister ate a small piece, and out of each little glass she drank a small drop; but she let the ring that she had brought with her fall into the last glass.
0	When the seventh came to the bottom of his glass, and found there the ring, he looked at it, and knew that it was his father"s and mother"s, and said, "O that our little sister would but come! then we should be free."
0	"I hardly know where I am going, or what I had better do," said the soldier; "but I think I should like very well to find out where it is that the princesses dance, and then in time I might be a king."
0	"It is only the heat of the weather," said the princess: "I feel it very warm too."
0	"She sits upstairs in her room, Bewailing her sorrowful doom, Bewailing her trouble so sore, For old Mr Fox is no more."
0	But one of the good qualities which old Mr Fox had possessed, was always lacking, and the cat had continually to send the suitors away.
0	The wolf had the fox with him, and whatsoever the wolf wished, that the fox was compelled to do, for he was the weaker, and he would gladly have been rid of his master.
0	The wolf devoured it, but was not satisfied with one; he wanted the other as well, and went to get it.
0	As, however, he did it so awkwardly, the mother of the little lamb heard him, and began to cry out terribly, and to bleat so that the farmer came running there.
0	On the third day, when they were out together, and the wolf could only limp along painfully, he again said, "Red-fox, get me something to eat, or I will eat thee thyself."
0	Then he said to his beloved: "I must now go and leave you, I give you a ring as a remembrance of me.
0	When I am king, I will return and fetch you."
0	The son was in such trouble that he did not think what he was doing, and said: "Yes, dear father, your will shall be done," and thereupon the king shut his eyes, and died.
0	When therefore the son had been proclaimed king, and the time of mourning was over, he was forced to keep the promise which he had given his father, and caused the king"s daughter to be asked in marriage, and she was promised to him.
0	His first betrothed heard of this, and fretted so much about his faithfulness that she nearly died.
0	Thereupon she took her leave of her father, and rode away with them, and rode to the court of her former betrothed, whom she loved so dearly.
0	When the true bride heard that, it hurt her so much that her heart was almost broken, and she fell fainting to the ground.
0	At last he said, "Master, my time is up; I must go home and see my poor mother once more: so pray pay me my wages and let me go."
0	Hans soon came to himself, and got upon his legs again, sadly vexed, and said to the shepherd, "This riding is no joke, when a man has the luck to get upon a beast like this that stumbles and flings him off as if it would break his neck.
0	Hans told him what had happened, how he was dry, and wanted to milk his cow, but found the cow was dry too.
0	If I kill her, what will she be good for?
0	If it were a pig now --like that fat gentleman you are driving along at his ease--one could do something with it; it would at any rate make sausages."
0	"I gave a lump of silver as big as my head for it."
0	At last he could go no farther, for the stone tired him sadly: and he dragged himself to the side of a river, that he might take a drink of water, and rest a while.
0	"The old woman has destroyed all my brethren in fire and smoke; she seized sixty of them at once, and took their lives.
0	It was in vain that the poor maiden said that it was only a silly boast of her father, for that she could do no such thing as spin straw into gold: the chamber door was locked, and she was left alone.
0	She sat down in one corner of the room, and began to bewail her hard fate; when on a sudden the door opened, and a droll-looking little man hobbled in, and said, "Good morrow to you, my good lass; what are you weeping for?"
0	"Alas!" said she, "I must spin this straw into gold, and I know not how."
0	Then she knew not what to do, and sat down once more to weep; but the dwarf soon opened the door, and said, "What will you give me to do your task?"
0	"I have nothing left," said she.
0	"That may never be," thought the miller"s daughter: and as she knew no other way to get her task done, she said she would do what he asked.
0	Then she grieved sorely at her misfortune, and said she would give him all the wealth of the kingdom if he would let her off, but in vain; till at last her tears softened him, and he said, "I will give you three days" grace, and if during that time you tell me my name, you shall keep your child."
0	"Come, do be merciful," cried the tailor.
0	Look, I am lame, and have blisters on my feet with walking here, I cannot possibly turn back again.
0	Only let me in, and I will do all the rough work.
0	And when the time came for him to go home, he had bought pearls and jewels for the two eldest, but he had sought everywhere in vain for the rose; and when he went into any garden and asked for such a thing, the people laughed at him, and asked him whether he thought roses grew in snow.
0	This grieved him very much, for Lily was his dearest child; and as he was journeying home, thinking what he should bring her, he came to a fine castle; and around the castle was a garden, in one half of which it seemed to be summer-time and in the other half winter.
0	And at last the man yielded with a heavy heart, and took the rose; and said he would give the lion whatever should meet him first on his return.
0	But her father began to be very sorrowful, and to weep, saying, "Alas, my dearest child!
0	I have bought this flower at a high price, for I have said I would give you to a wild lion; and when he has you, he will tear you in pieces, and eat you."
0	In a moment he disappeared, and when his wife came in and looked for him, she found only a white dove; and it said to her, "Seven years must I fly up and down over the face of the earth, but every now and then I will let fall a white feather, that will show you the way I am going; follow it, and at last you may overtake and set me free."
0	This said, he flew out at the door, and poor Lily followed; and every now and then a white feather fell, and showed her the way she was to journey.
0	Thus she went roving on through the wide world, and looked neither to the right hand nor to the left, nor took any rest, for seven years.
0	"Now," thought she to herself, "no aid of man can be of use to me."
0	So she thanked the sun, and went on her way till eventide; and when the moon arose, she cried unto it, and said, "Thou shinest through the night, over field and grove--hast thou nowhere seen my white dove?"
0	Thus the unhappy traveller was again forsaken and forlorn; but she took heart and said, "As far as the wind blows, and so long as the cock crows, I will journey on, till I find him once again."
0	Wilt thou then forget me quite?"
0	Then poor Lily was led away, and forced to give up the golden dress; and when she saw that there was no help for her, she went out into a meadow, and sat herself down and wept.
0	One day her mother said to her: "Come, Little Red-Cap, here is a piece of cake and a bottle of wine; take them to your grandmother, she is ill and weak, and they will do her good.
0	"Lift the latch," called out the grandmother, "I am too weak, and cannot get up."
0	"Oh, yes," said the girl in a sad voice, "that you certainly can, but I do not advise you to venture it.
0	The maiden sighed and said, "My step-mother practises wicked arts; she is ill-disposed toward strangers."
0	Our Lord then inquired if he had no wine, and he said, "Alack, sir, the casks are all empty!"
0	They therefore drew lots, and it fell to the sausage to bring in the wood, to the mouse to cook, and to the bird to fetch the water.
0	He picked up the wood, and flew sadly home, and told the mouse all he had seen and heard.
0	They were both very unhappy, but agreed to make the best of things and to remain with one another.
0	Presently the bird came in and wanted to serve up the dinner, but he could nowhere see the cook.
0	They came therefore to a decision, betook themselves in a body to the king, and begged for their dismissal.
0	The hero, however, went to the king, who was now, whether he liked it or not, obliged to keep his promise, and gave his daughter and the half of his kingdom.
0	Night fell, and nothing was left for him to do, but to seek a bed in this painful solitude.
0	After these words he was about to slip into his hut again, but the tailor held him so tightly by the corner of his coat, and pleaded so piteously, that the old man, who was not so ill-natured as he wished to appear, was at last softened, and took him into the hut with him where he gave him something to eat, and then pointed out to him a very good bed in a corner.
0	He held with both hands to the tops of the horns, and resigned himself to his fate.
0	We did not rise from table until late in the night, the stranger was shown to room, and I hastened, as I was tired, to lay my limbs in my soft bed.
0	I asked him where he had left my brother, and how he had come by this stag, out of whose great eyes I saw tears flowing.
0	You must go from hence, I will give you into the care of a celebrated master, who shall see what he can do with you."
0	They took him forth, but when they should have killed him, they could not do it for pity, and let him go, and they cut the eyes and tongue out of a deer that they might carry them to the old man as a token.
0	The youth wandered on, and after some time came to a fortress where he begged for a night"s lodging.
0	The whole district was in sorrow and dismay because of them, and yet no one could do anything to stop this.
0	He listened to them, and when he became aware of what they were saying, he grew very thoughtful and sad.
0	At last he arrived in Rome, where the Pope had just died, and there was great doubt among the cardinals as to whom they should appoint as his successor.
0	Little brother took his little sister by the hand and said, "Since our mother died we have had no happiness; our step-mother beats us every day, and if we come near her she kicks us away with her foot.
0	Our meals are the hard crusts of bread that are left over; and the little dog under the table is better off, for she often throws it a nice bit.
0	May Heaven pity us.
0	If our mother only knew!
0	They walked the whole day over meadows, fields, and stony places; and when it rained the little sister said, "Heaven and our hearts are weeping together."
0	In the evening they came to a large forest, and they were so weary with sorrow and hunger and the long walk, that they lay down in a hollow tree and fell asleep.
0	And now the sister wept over her poor bewitched brother, and the little roe wept also, and sat sorrowfully near to her.
0	"Oh," said he, to his sister, "let me be off to the hunt, I cannot bear it any longer;" and he begged so much that at last she agreed.
0	"Dear children," said a poor man to his four sons, "I have nothing to give you; you must go out into the wide world and try your luck.
0	Then the eldest said, "Here we must part; but this day four years we will come back to this spot, and in the meantime each must try what he can do for himself."
0	"I dare not shoot at him," said the huntsman, "for I should kill the beautiful young lady also."
0	But his wife said, "Pray let the poor faithful creature live; he has served us well a great many years, and we ought to give him a livelihood for the rest of his days."
0	As a merry young huntsman was once going briskly along through a wood, there came up a little old woman, and said to him, "Good day, good day; you seem merry enough, but I am hungry and thirsty; do pray give me something to eat."
0	The huntsman took pity on her, and put his hand in his pocket and gave her what he had.
0	He heaped up a great deal of gold, and at last thought to himself, "Of what use is this gold to me whilst I am at home?
0	"Let us leave him that," said the young lady; "he has already lost his wealth."
0	"Alas! dear sir," said she, "yonder lies the granite rock where all the costly diamonds grow, and I want so much to go there, that whenever I think of it I cannot help being sorrowful, for who can reach it? only the birds and the flies--man cannot."
0	But the old witch made a deep sleep come upon him, and he said to the young lady, "Let us sit down and rest ourselves a little, I am so tired that I cannot stand any longer."
0	When he awoke and found that his lady had tricked him, and left him alone on the wild rock, he said, "Alas! what roguery there is in the world!" and there he sat in great grief and fear, not knowing what to do.
0	Then he looked around him, and said, "I wish I had something to eat, if not I shall be worse off than before; for here I see neither apples nor pears, nor any kind of fruits, nothing but vegetables."
0	Then he stained his face all over brown, so that even his mother would not have known him, and went into the castle and asked for a lodging; "I am so tired," said he, "that I can go no farther."
0	I have been lucky enough to find it, and have brought it with me; but the heat of the sun scorches so that it begins to wither, and I don"t know that I can carry it farther."
0	The messenger sat all this time with the beautiful young lady, and as nobody came with the salad and she longed to taste it, she said, "I don"t know where the salad can be."
0	Some days after, the miller came to him and told him that the old ass was dead; "The other two," said he, "are alive and eat, but are so sorrowful that they cannot last long."
0	Then the huntsman pitied them, and told the miller to drive them back to him, and when they came, he gave them some of the good salad to eat.
0	And the beautiful young lady fell upon her knees before him, and said, "O dearest huntsman! forgive me all the ill I have done you; my mother forced me to it, it was against my will, for I always loved you very much.
0	Then she began to bewail her loss, and said, "Alas! if I could only get my ball again, I would give all my fine clothes and jewels, and everything that I have in the world."
0	Whilst she was speaking, a frog put its head out of the water, and said, "Princess, why do you weep so bitterly?"
0	"Alas!" said she, "what can you do for me, you nasty frog?
0	My golden ball has fallen into the spring."
0	"I bring nothing, I want to have something given me."
0	"Never mind, I"ll do better next time."
0	"I bring nothing.
0	"Never mind, will do better next time."
0	"I bring nothing, I want something given me."
0	When he gets home it is suffocated.
0	"Never mind, will do better next time."
0	"I bring nothing, I want something given me."
0	When he gets home, he has the rope in his hand, and there is no longer anything hanging on to it.
0	"I took her nothing, she gave me something."
0	"I tied it to a rope, brought it home, dogs took it."
0	"Never mind, will do better next time."
0	"I bring nothing, but would have something given."
0	"I took nothing, but had something given me."
0	"Never mind, will do better next time."
0	"I bring nothing, but would have something given."
0	"I took her nothing."
0	"Never mind, will do better."
0	A shepherd"s dog had a master who took no care of him, but often let him suffer the greatest hunger.
0	At last he could bear it no longer; so he took to his heels, and off he ran in a very sad and sorrowful mood.
0	On the road he met a sparrow that said to him, "Why are you so sad, my friend?"
0	"Because," said the dog, "I am very very hungry, and have nothing to eat."
0	Fundevogel and Lina loved each other so dearly that when they did not see each other they were sad.
0	There was once a very old man, whose eyes had become dim, his ears dull of hearing, his knees trembled, and when he sat at table he could hardly hold the spoon, and spilt the broth upon the table-cloth or let it run out of his mouth.
0	And he used to look towards the table with his eyes full of tears.
0	Once, too, his trembling hands could not hold the bowl, and it fell to the ground and broke.
0	Then they brought him a wooden bowl for a few half-pence, out of which he had to eat.
0	"I am making a little trough," answered the child, "for father and mother to eat out of when I am big."
0	The man and his wife looked at each other for a while, and presently began to cry.
0	Now this king and queen had plenty of money, and plenty of fine clothes to wear, and plenty of good things to eat and drink, and a coach to ride out in every day: but though they had been married many years they had no children, and this grieved them very much indeed.
0	Then the twelfth of the friendly fairies, who had not yet given her gift, came forward, and said that the evil wish must be fulfilled, but that she could soften its mischief; so her gift was, that the king"s daughter, when the spindle wounded her, should not really die, but should only fall asleep for a hundred years.
0	But scarcely had she touched it, before the fairy"s prophecy was fulfilled; the spindle wounded her, and she fell down lifeless on the ground.
0	This, however, none of them could ever do; for the thorns and bushes laid hold of them, as it were with hands; and there they stuck fast, and died wretchedly.
0	"Oh dear me, I should like to buy very much, but I have no money: if you had any use for yellow buttons, I might deal with you."
0	"Ah, see now," said she, "how they have bruised and wounded those poor trees; they will never get well."
0	So she took pity on them, and made use of the butter to grease them all, so that the wheels might not hurt them so much.
0	Catherine, who had the door on her shoulder, began to be very tired; but she thought it was the nuts upon it that were so heavy: so she said softly, "Frederick, I must let the nuts go."
0	A little while after, Catherine thought the door was still very heavy: so she whispered to Frederick, "I must throw the vinegar down."
0	At last it popped into Catherine"s head that it was the door itself that was so heavy all the time: so she whispered, "Frederick, I must throw the door down soon."
0	So words and tears were of no avail; the parson was sent for, and she was married to the fiddler.
0	"It belongs to King Grisly-beard," answered he; "hadst thou taken him, all had been thine."
0	"They belong to King Grisly-beard, hadst thou taken him, they had all been thine."
0	"It belongs to King Grisly-beard; hadst thou taken him, it had all been thine."
0	"I see this work won"t do," said he: "try and spin; perhaps you will do that better."
0	So she sat down and tried to spin; but the threads cut her tender fingers till the blood ran.
0	They lived on this as long as it lasted; and then her husband bought a fresh lot of ware, and she sat herself down with it in the corner of the market; but a drunken soldier soon came by, and rode his horse against her stall, and broke all her goods into a thousand pieces.
0	Then she began to cry, and knew not what to do.
0	Thus the princess became a kitchen-maid, and helped the cook to do all the dirtiest work; but she was allowed to carry home some of the meat that was left, and on this they lived.
0	Then she bitterly grieved for the pride and folly which had brought her so low.
0	The poor girl remained there a long time, but at length, as he did not return at all, she was sad, and changed herself into a flower, and thought: "Someone will surely come this way, and trample me down."
0	Nevertheless, she promised not to go away, but to continue keeping house for the shepherd.
0	When the faithful maiden heard of this, she grew so sad that she thought her heart would break, and she would not go thither, but the other girls came and took her.
0	When it came to her turn to sing, she stepped back, until at last she was the only one left, and then she could not refuse.
0	There was a man who had three sons, the youngest of whom was called Dummling,[*] and was despised, mocked, and sneered at on every occasion.
0	When he entered the forest he met a little grey-haired old man who bade him good day, and said: "Do give me a piece of cake out of your pocket, and let me have a draught of your wine; I am so hungry and thirsty."
0	The little old grey man met him likewise, and asked him for a piece of cake and a drink of wine.
0	Then Dummling said: "Father, do let me go and cut wood."
0	But Dummling begged so long that at last he said: "Just go then, you will get wiser by hurting yourself."
0	When he came to the forest the little old grey man met him likewise, and greeting him, said: "Give me a piece of your cake and a drink out of your bottle; I am so hungry and thirsty."
0	Dummling answered: "I have only cinder-cake and sour beer; if that pleases you, we will sit down and eat."
0	But she did not understand why she was to keep away.
0	Dummling asked him what he was taking to heart so sorely, and he answered: "I have such a great thirst and cannot quench it; cold water I cannot stand, a barrel of wine I have just emptied, but that to me is like a drop on a hot stone!"
0	Dummling did not think long, but went straight into the forest, where in the same place there sat a man who was tying up his body with a strap, and making an awful face, and saying: "I have eaten a whole ovenful of rolls, but what good is that when one has such a hunger as I?
0	My stomach remains empty, and I must tie myself up if I am not to die of hunger."
0	The wife of a rich man fell sick; and when she felt that her end drew nigh, she called her only daughter to her bed-side, and said, "Always be a good girl, and I will look down from heaven and watch over you."
0	Soon afterwards she shut her eyes and died, and was buried in the garden; and the little girl went every day to her grave and wept, and was always good and kind to all about her.
0	This new wife had two daughters of her own, that she brought home with her; they were fair in face but foul at heart, and it was now a sorry time for the poor little girl.
0	Besides that, the sisters plagued her in all sorts of ways, and laughed at her.
0	Then she took it, and went to her mother"s grave and planted it there; and cried so much that it was watered with her tears; and there it grew and became a fine tree.
0	Then she did as she was told; but when all was done she could not help crying, for she thought to herself, she should so have liked to have gone with them to the ball; and at last she begged her mother very hard to let her go.
0	Now when all were gone, and nobody left at home, Ashputtel went sorrowfully and sat down under the hazel-tree, and cried out:
0	"How lonely it is, wife," said he, as he puffed out a long curl of smoke, "for you and me to sit here by ourselves, without any children to play about and amuse us while other people seem so happy and merry with their children!"
0	"What you say is very true," said the wife, sighing, and turning round her wheel; "how happy should I be if I had but one child!
0	If it were ever so small--nay, if it were no bigger than my thumb--I should be very happy, and love it dearly."
0	So they did as he wished; and when Tom had taken leave of his father they took him away with them.
0	At last came the little dwarf"s turn; and he looked in the moss; but it was so hard to find the pearls, and the job was so tiresome!--so he sat down upon a stone and cried.
0	During the cat"s absence the mouse cleaned the house, and put it in order, but the greedy cat entirely emptied the pot of fat.
0	You have devoured all when you were standing godmother.
0	They loved each other dearly, but sorrowed much that they had no children.
0	So greatly did they desire to have one, that the wife prayed for it day and night, but still they remained childless.
0	Presently the fruit became round and firm, and she was glad and at peace; but when they were fully ripe she picked the berries and ate eagerly of them, and then she grew sad and ill.
0	A little while later she called her husband, and said to him, weeping.
0	"If I die, bury me under the juniper-tree."
0	Her husband buried her under the juniper-tree, and wept bitterly for her.
0	By degrees, however, his sorrow grew less, and although at times he still grieved over his loss, he was able to go about as usual, and later on he married again.
0	"Oh!" she said, "I have knocked off brother"s head," and then she wept and wept, and nothing would stop her.
0	But Marleen stood looking on, and wept and wept, and her tears fell into the pot, so that there was no need of salt.
0	The mother said nothing, but gave him a large dish of black pudding, and Marleen still wept without ceasing.
0	Little Marleen went upstairs and took her best silk handkerchief out of her bottom drawer, and in it she wrapped all the bones from under the table and carried them outside, and all the time she did nothing but weep.
0	"Only sing me that again."
0	But little Marleen sat and wept and wept.
0	then little Marleen laid her head down on her knees and sobbed.
0	But this beautiful queen fell ill, and when she felt that her end drew near she called the king to her and said, "Promise me that you will never marry again, unless you meet with a wife who is as beautiful as I am, and who has golden hair like mine."
0	Then when the king in his grief promised all she asked, she shut her eyes and died.
0	But the king was not to be comforted, and for a long time never thought of taking another wife.
0	So the messengers came home, and had had all their trouble for nothing.
0	Then they showed her a little corner under the staircase, where no light of day ever peeped in, and said, "Cat-skin, you may lie and sleep there."
0	Thus Cat-skin lived for a long time very sorrowfully.
0	"I am a poor child," said she, "that has lost both father and mother."
0	Then Chanticleer was very sorry, and cried bitterly; and all the beasts came and wept with him over poor Partlet.
0	Then a stone, who saw what had happened, came up and kindly offered to help poor Chanticleer by laying himself across the stream; and this time he got safely to the other side with the hearse, and managed to get Partlet out of it; but the fox and the other mourners, who were sitting behind, were too heavy, and fell back into the water and were all carried away by the stream and drowned.
0	Then he sat down by the grave, and wept and mourned, till at last he died too; and so all were dead.
0	"I understand but one," replied the cat, modestly.
0	Had you been able to climb like me, you would not have lost your life."
0	The frame of the window was made of fine black ebony, and as she sat looking out upon the snow, she pricked her finger, and three drops of blood fell upon it.
0	Then she gazed thoughtfully upon the red drops that sprinkled the white snow, and said, "Would that my little daughter may be as white as that snow, as red as that blood, and as black as this ebony windowframe!"
0	Then the servant led her away; but his heart melted when Snowdrop begged him to spare her life, and he said, "I will not hurt you, thou pretty child."
0	In the morning Snowdrop told them all her story; and they pitied her, and said if she would keep all things in order, and cook and wash and knit and spin for them, she might stay where she was, and they would take good care of her.
0	In the evening the seven dwarfs came home; and I need not say how grieved they were to see their faithful Snowdrop stretched out upon the ground, as if she was quite dead.
0	But she had scarcely put the piece into her mouth, when she fell down dead upon the ground.
0	They lifted her up, and combed her hair, and washed her face with wine and water; but all was in vain, for the little girl seemed quite dead.
0	So they laid her down upon a bier, and all seven watched and bewailed her three whole days; and then they thought they would bury her: but her cheeks were still rosy; and her face looked just as it did while she was alive; so they said, "We will never bury her in the cold ground."
0	And they made a coffin of glass, so that they might still look at her, and wrote upon it in golden letters what her name was, and that she was a king"s daughter.
0	And the coffin was set among the hills, and one of the dwarfs always sat by it and watched.
0	And the birds of the air came too, and bemoaned Snowdrop; and first of all came an owl, and then a raven, and at last a dove, and sat by her side.
0	Then he offered the dwarfs money, and prayed and besought them to let him take her away; but they said, "We will not part with her for all the gold in the world."
0	I would rather go away and see how I can earn my bread."
0	So the father gave him his blessing, and with great sorrow took leave of him.
0	And now he sat there full of pain and grief, ate every day only a little piece of bread, drank only a mouthful of wine, and nevertheless saw death daily drawing nearer.
0	"Ah, dear father," she replied, "I come home again in great grief; during the voyage, my husband became suddenly ill and died, and if the good skipper had not given me his help, it would have gone ill with me.
0	He was present at his death, and can tell you all."
0	The fisherman did not much like the business: however, he went to the seashore; and when he came back there the water looked all yellow and green.
0	"Ah!" said the fisherman, "she says that when I had caught you, I ought to have asked you for something before I let you go; she does not like living any longer in the pigsty, and wants a snug little cottage."
0	"Ah!" said the man, dolefully, "my wife wants to live in a stone castle."
0	So the man went away quite sorrowful to think that his wife should want to be king.
0	"Alas!" said the poor man, "my wife wants to be king."
0	"Alas, wife! why should you wish to be emperor?" said the fisherman.
0	Hereupon he was much troubled, and asked the old fisherman if that was true?
0	And now there was no one at home but the daughter, and she mourned for her brothers so much that at last she also begged the fisherman to let her set forth, for she wished to go in search of her brothers.
0	She had, however, grown quite ill and weak.
0	"Ah, no!" answered the gardener, "I am no child of fortune; I am a poor soldier, who never could get enough to live upon; so I laid aside my red coat, and set to work, tilling the ground.
0	I have a brother, who is rich, and your majesty knows him well, and all the world knows him; but because I am poor, everybody forgets me."
0	The king then took pity on him, and said, "You shall be poor no longer.
0	So she stayed on with Mother Holle for some time, and then she began to grow unhappy.
0	She could not at first tell why she felt sad, but she became conscious at last of great longing to go home; then she knew she was homesick, although she was a thousand times better off with Mother Holle than with her mother and sister.
0	After waiting awhile, she went to Mother Holle and said, "I am so homesick, that I cannot stay with you any longer, for although I am so happy here, I must return to my own people."
0	But, try what she would, she could not get the pitch off and it stuck to her as long as she lived.
0	Then she sat and wept and screamed with all the strength of her body, over the misfortune which lay before her.
0	Those upstairs waited for the drink, but Clever Elsie still did not come.
0	Then said the maid: "What a clever Elsie we have!" and sat down beside her and began loudly to weep over the misfortune.
0	The boy went down, and there sat Clever Elsie and the girl both weeping together.
0	Then said the boy: "What a clever Elsie we have!" and sat down by her, and likewise began to howl loudly.
0	The woman went down, and found all three in the midst of their lamentations, and inquired what was the cause; then Elsie told her also that her future child was to be killed by the pick-axe, when it grew big and had to draw beer, and the pick-axe fell down.
0	Then said the mother likewise: "What a clever Elsie we have!" and sat down and wept with them.
0	But when he got into the cellar, and they were all sitting together crying, and he heard the reason, and that Elsie"s child was the cause, and the Elsie might perhaps bring one into the world some day, and that he might be killed by the pick-axe, if he should happen to be sitting beneath it, drawing beer just at the very time when it fell down, he cried: "Oh, what a clever Elsie!" and sat down, and likewise wept with them.
0	When he got down, the five of them were sitting screaming and lamenting quite piteously, each outdoing the other.
0	"Ah, dear Hans," said Elsie, "if we marry each other and have a child, and he is big, and we perhaps send him here to draw something to drink, then the pick-axe which has been left up there might dash his brains out if it were to fall down, so have we not reason to weep?"
0	"That, too, must be an art of which I understand nothing!"
0	I don"t understand that at all yet."
0	I should be sorry if it were."
0	"Yes, father, right willingly, wait only until it is day.
0	"Yes, father, it shall be as you will.
0	When the day dawned, therefore, the boy put his fifty talers into his pocket, and went forth on the great highway, and continually said to himself: "If I could but shudder!
0	If I could but shudder!"
0	And as he was cold, he lighted himself a fire, but at midnight the wind blew so sharply that in spite of his fire, he could not get warm.
0	And as the wind knocked the hanged men against each other, and they moved backwards and forwards, he thought to himself: "If you shiver below by the fire, how those up above must freeze and suffer!"
0	And as he felt pity for them, he raised the ladder, and climbed up, unbound one of them after the other, and brought down all seven.
0	The youth likewise went his way, and once more began to mutter to himself: "Ah, if I could but shudder!
0	Ah, if I could but shudder!"
0	"I don"t know," answered the youth.
0	"I know not."
0	"That I may not tell you."
0	"Ah," replied the youth, "I do so wish I could shudder, but no one can teach me how."
0	Then at the entrance of the parlour the youth again said quite loudly: "If I could but shudder!
0	If I could but shudder!"
0	But the youth said: "However difficult it may be, I will learn it.
0	"Ah, if I could but shudder!" said he, "but I shall not learn it here either."
0	Then said he: "After all it is a pity,--for so handsome a man."
0	"No," said he, "it is all in vain.
0	If someone would but tell me!"
0	The second night he again went up into the old castle, sat down by the fire, and once more began his old song: "If I could but shudder!"
0	"Wait," said he, "I will just stoke up the fire a little for you."
0	"I have been playing at ninepins," he answered, "and have lost a couple of farthings."
0	If I did but know what it was to shudder!"
0	The third night he sat down again on his bench and said quite sadly: "If I could but shudder."
0	"I shall never learn it here as long as I live."
0	"No," he answered; "what can it be?
0	My dead cousin was here, and a bearded man came and showed me a great deal of money down below, but no one told me what it was to shudder."
0	"That is all very well," said he, "but still I do not know what it is to shudder!"
0	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping."
0	This king once fell very ill--so ill that nobody thought he could live.
0	His sons were very much grieved at their father"s sickness; and as they were walking together very mournfully in the garden of the palace, a little old man met them and asked what was the matter.
0	They told him that their father was very ill, and that they were afraid nothing could save him.
0	Then the prince thought to himself, "I cannot go home to my father without my brothers"; so he said, "My dear friend, cannot you tell me where my two brothers are, who set out in search of the Water of Life before me, and never came back?"
0	The prince knew nothing of what was going on, till one day, when the king"s chief huntsmen went a-hunting with him, and they were alone in the wood together, the huntsman looked so sorrowful that the prince said, "My friend, what is the matter with you?"
0	"I cannot and dare not tell you," said he.
0	"Alas!" said the huntsman; "the king has ordered me to shoot you."
0	The king had a son of eight years, who was once playing in the courtyard, and while he was playing, his golden ball fell into the cage.
0	On the third day the king had ridden out hunting, and the boy went once more and said: "I cannot open the door even if I wished, for I have not the key."
0	The boy, who wanted to have his ball back, cast all thought to the winds, and brought the key.
0	The door opened with difficulty, and the boy pinched his fingers.
0	Then he could easily guess what had happened, and much grief reigned in the royal court.
0	When the wild man had once more reached the dark forest, he took the boy down from his shoulder, and said to him: "You will never see your father and mother again, but I will keep you with me, for you have set me free, and I have compassion on you.
0	As he was thus sitting, his finger hurt him so violently that he involuntarily put it in the water.
0	But the time was long to him, and he looked at the reflection of his face on the surface of the water.
0	Then the golden hair streamed forth, and let the boy excuse himself as he might, it was of no use.
0	But as you have not a bad heart, and as I mean well by you, there is one thing I will grant you; if you fall into any difficulty, come to the forest and cry: "Iron Hans," and then I will come and help you.
0	There he looked for work, but could find none, and he learnt nothing by which he could help himself.
0	The cook, however, had pity on him, and exchanged him for the gardener"s boy.
0	And now the boy had to plant and water the garden, hoe and dig, and bear the wind and bad weather.
0	When he got near the battlefield a great part of the king"s men had already fallen, and little was wanting to make the rest give way.
0	But the wolf found them all, and used no great ceremony; one after the other he swallowed them down his throat.
0	Then you may imagine how she wept over her poor children.
0	At length in her grief she went out, and the youngest kid ran with her.
0	And when he got to the well and stooped over the water to drink, the heavy stones made him fall in, and he drowned miserably.
0	Then the hard-hearted robbers felt pity, and their leader tore up the letter and wrote another, saying, that as soon as the boy came, he should be married at once to the King"s daughter.
0	At this stage you are normally expected to experience grief when the main feeling is shock .
0	Too much , it seemed to me , was made of Tom 's grief : his courtship of Araminta was forward-looking , and deep grief needs roots in the past .
0	It is things like that which are really destructive to writers , who are often brave about illness and pain , and resilient after all but the deepest grief .
0	Half a week after that encounter , Charlie had heard that his beloved had parted from the man with great grief , and was in need of tender care .
0	That certainly did n't sound serious enough to account for her great grief .
0	As you would expect , she was overcome with grief . "
0	But for the time being , Private Morrison 's family , already overcome by grief , can only wait and hope his body will be released to them soon .
0	But it was the scene of my first heartbreak .
0	And , to complete his heartbreak , his car broke down when he was looking for his ninth win of the season at the Italian Grand Prix .
0	I do n't think I could cope with your heartbreak . "
0	That concern turned to heartbreak when they heard of his mother 's grim fate .
0	You must have been heartbroken . "
0	When Annie 's daughter died at the age of five , she was heartbroken .
0	A heartbroken Daniels watched this all going on , and was moved to break the golden rule of not speaking until spoken to .
0	Heartbroken , Maria had to return to the convent and remain a nun for the rest of her life .
0	` I am heartbroken because football has been my whole life . "
0	Heartbroken Tim Godwin weeps as he tells how he had to tell his 23-month-old daughter Sophie : ` Mummy is n't coming back " .
0	She crammed more living into her 30 years than most people experience in two lifetimes , according to her heartbroken parents Ken and Diana .
0	The kids will be heartbroken .
0	And yesterday his heartbroken wife Jane slammed police for failing to find him after she raised the alarm 48 hours earlier .
0	Yesterday the heartbroken teenager , who was on the verge of trials with the Royal Ballet , said : ` In just one second , my life has been wrecked .
0	THE heartbroken mother of transplant donor Paula Moss is leaving England to work as a missionary .
0	Only afterwards , when Tommy disappeared and Maudie seemed so heartbroken , then I began to wonder .
0	Sitting in front of the looking glass , making up her face , she hoped that Anthony was all right and not quite as heartbroken as Julia seemed to think he was .
0	Although I have has a lot of support , I feel heartbroken about Henri 's future .
0	` The popular story is that he was so heartbroken he ran off to join a religious order , and has since been ordained . "
0	Scorning the establishment , they left homes and heartbroken parents .
0	` I thought they must have had a quarrel , " Brand said , and I had the impression he was n't heartbroken about it . "
0	His heartbroken mum , Colette , said : ` Paul is so upset .
0	Surely someone somewhere knows who killed Ann Heron and that person could ease the pain for her heartbroken family .
0	She looked into his eyes and saw terrible pain and inconsolable grief .
0	The boy was broken-hearted and inconsolable .
0	The women wait anxiously and when the boat returns one of its crew has been lost , causing inconsolable grief to his young wife .
0	William was inconsolable and , unable to settle at home , continued to travel extensively .
0	Liza , for her part , had still seemed inconsolable when she first arrived back at her unit on the edge of Salisbury Plain .
0	There are periods when we feel totally inconsolable .
0	It can be the focus of inconsolable grief ; it inspires poetry and literature , symphonies and songs .
0	In the event , Maman was inconsolable .
0	He was inconsolable when he found what she 'd done .
0	Yussuf had been quite inconsolable .
0	He was not inconsolable .
0	Vincent agreed , too low-spirited to put up any resistance .
0	She sounded a little low-spirited .
0	Sven Hjerson 's lugubrious face lit up in a brief smile .
0	I kept trying to get back to Changez 's lugubrious face , which reclined morosely in his good hand as the guests filled the air around him with cultivated noises .
0	The lugubrious publican had seen it as his job to repel strangers and had employed to that end an impressive armoury of taciturnity , malevolent glances , warm beer and poor service .
0	He was a plodding lugubrious fellow , and we were delighted with his Wodehousian name .
0	Bert , a lanky , lugubrious individual , declined .
0	He looked up , his lugubrious face pale , and Athelstan saw it was tear-stained .
0	He became even more lugubrious .
0	Bathsheba was watching his expression closely , and she had never been more miserable .
0	` If you do n't help me , I shall make you more miserable than you have ever been in your life .
0	There I lay , half-roasted on one side , freezing on the other , in a sort of trance , more abjectly miserable than I can tell .
0	On one of our visits we found a representative of the Occidental Oil Company stranded there , looking most miserable and bedraggled in the morass of mud and pouring rain .
0	Neither of us could wait to get the round over , we were so cold and miserable .
0	` I used to be sad and pathetic , but I 'm not so miserable any more .
0	He was so miserable .
0	Of course I like them ; if I did n't I 'd be utterly miserable .
0	Accordingly , I wrote to my parents and , having pretended for years that I was relatively happy at school , I now confessed that I was utterly miserable , and begged them to take me away .
0	They were on the top floor of an old house and he was very cold and very miserable .
0	I 'm very miserable .
0	As he nodded she went on , ` I 'd had a bit of a knock in -- in a relationship with a man in London , and I was very miserable over Elise 's death .
0	And when I first got an inkling the little was far worse than none , and I became melancholy and miserable .
0	Every day they became more miserable .
0	As Joe and Biddy became a little more cheerful , discussing my possible plans for the future , I became more miserable .
0	I feel really miserable to tell the truth .
0	When the reaction set in she had felt utterly miserable .
0	Sheila Williams was feeling miserable .
0	Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis , then , checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed .
0	The dog seems anxious to get the harness on ; indeed , all through the trip the dogs are always keen to pull and seem miserable when they are tied off for the night .
0	They seemed demoralized and miserable , operating an endless mechanical process .
0	` I 'm too miserable to eat . "
0	I was too miserable to giggle , but I wondered if the fiances had when he postured on his lawn .
0	As I read it , I was sad to think how miserable Anne had been , in a big house away from home , where no one understood her .
0	Now her vivid imagination had no difficulty in showing her how Mark 's last drive alone must have been , how miserable he must have felt .
0	She missed him , and missed the companionable secrecy of their relationship , but she was not miserable about it .
0	She in turn had been drawn to him at the time when she was miserable about Jean-Pierre .
0	As Michael Codron told me : ` Ken remained very loyal to it , even though he was miserable about it .
0	It was the kind of life that ` was making life miserable in the extreme for her and since I felt responsible for her it was making me miserable too .
0	Loads of my friends are miserable over the way they look , and the media are basically saying , ` Yes , you 're right to be miserable .
0	` Harry , we 're going to make ourselves miserable beyond measure if we go on like this .
0	If , as she suspected , Elizabeth was miserable because of that dreary village sawbones , then it was dishonest and unlikeable of her to pretend that it was because of her sister-in-law .
0	He must be miserable . "
0	To misquote you : he is itinerant because he is miserable . "
0	Brian Davies , also from near Coventry , had entered some immense pumpkins and marrows , but seemed mournful .
0	On the other hand , the most important person , the cameraman , wore jeans and a Micky Mouse T-shirt , over which his mournful , deadpan moon face shone incongruously .
0	It is her whole situation -- she is so mournful and silently accusing and sometimes , Robert , I think her as mad as Landor with all this nonsense she makes of the Bible from time to time .
0	His face was completely serious , even slightly mournful .
0	He was at the graveside looking mournful and interesting .
0	He had a narrow mournful face , tapering to a long pointed chin .
0	They 'd had a skinful so were n't in a particularly noticing mood but they saw and heard nothing , nothing except what they described as a kind of mournful whistling coming from deep in the wood . "
0	Gloom , on the other hand , sees a noisy , grimy city with crowded underground stations , overpriced restaurants , jostling strangers and mournful faces .
0	` It gobbled up the bird in one go , " said a mournful bird-watcher yesterday .
0	There was the mournful sound of human voices , and then a jolt .
0	I could n't bear the mournful look on his face .
0	How dare you seem so mournful . "
0	He was drawn to such slow , mournful music and he carried it with him everywhere .
0	Joe sat with his head in his hands not hearing the mournful sound of a tug edging shorewards in the direction of the docks or the lonely cry of the seagulls overhead .
0	With her long hair drooping round her face and her large , mournful eyes , she looked like a lost basset-hound puppy .
0	The merchant 's long face was even more mournful and the friar was sure the man had been crying .
0	The Counts were well pleased at this ; but all the people of the land were sorrowful .
0	Tero followed them at a distance , watching her new friend with sorrowful anxious eyes .
0	Elizabeth Mowbray 's face was pale and tense , her sorrowful mien reflecting the newly sombre mood of the court .
0	Not from irritation , but because she knew it was a lie , and felt sorrowful because of Alice .
0	Coventry turned and looked at him , a long dark sorrowful stare .
0	Then the toot of a trumpet and the clown with the enormous sorrowful eyes was coming at her in her ring-side seat and she wanted to run away .
0	His liquid eyes were sorrowful and the ends of his moustache drooped .
0	Then he relaxes into a sorrowful smile , like when you remember someone you loved who died a long time ago .
0	Moreover , I disliked the Lady Eleanor intensely , with her sorrowful face and moping ways .
0	One of the three khthons began to hum a sorrowful melody .
0	The poem interlocks the narrative description with Mariana 's own sorrowful moans .
0	Athelstan rubbed his mouth with his thumb and gazed directly at Cranston 's sorrowful face .
0	Philippa thought , perhaps this news benefits the king , but it brings sorrow for the rest of us .
0	Jacob filled to the brim with sorrow for the woman whom , despite everything , he had loved .
0	Psalm 13 put her own question well &mdash'How; long shall l take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart daily ?
0	As the tartan army drowned its sorrows in the bars of Soho , Frank preferred a candlelit dinner .
0	` I have naught to offer you , " the youth was saying and there was sorrow in his voice .
0	There was genuine sorrow in the producer 's voice .
0	June Barraclough 's A Time to Love ( Methuen , 12.95 ) spans both World Wars and paints a vivid picture of the loves and sorrows of the characters in the lives of two women friends .
0	Yet the sorrow of Leibnitz , were he to have needlessly destroyed it , is described as ` a natural feeling for a humane man " .
0	Help us to become more aware of the needs , the joys and the sorrows of our brothers here .
0	The look of reproach and sorrow on her face cut into him far more deeply than any angry words could have done .
0	But the parting has brought some sweet sorrow to her and her landlord .
0	Miss Worthington often felt it would have been an unendurable sorrow to her parents if they had lived to witness the extent of the deterioration .
0	He was a man drowning his sorrows , he 'd decided .
0	There were dry gingers and tonics prepared for the whiskies and gins which everyone hoped would drown the star 's sorrows .
0	My hand caresses the surging wind ; I am deeper drowned in sorrow .
0	They were young but they walked bent in sorrow .
0	MOST of those who read Glenys Roberts 's moan ( March 15 ) and who know Monaco felt , I suspect , more sorrow for the author than disdain for the place .
0	He could see sorrow in the dark eyes which glowed as if there were candles burning behind them .
0	Other people 's sorrows on the whole weigh lightly on our shoulders : a merciful provision .
0	I drowned my sorrows on the school goalposts , as football was banned .
0	Taking as his theme the great rivers of the world , the Ganges , the Jordan , the Mississippi , the Clyde -- and of course the Boyne -- he weaves a tapestry evoking both sorrow and joy .
0	The reporter , treading delicately , had asked if it was a great sorrow to her when she and Walter separated .
0	` But I feel dismay , sorrow , for so many people in our country who do not share this personal good fortune and who as a result of further years of Tory government will experience further disadvantage .
0	Jesus felt despair and sorrow to such an extent that there is a mood of desperation in the story .
0	As his wife , as his Louise , had slipped , there was no friend with whom he could share the sorrow he felt over his son .
0	Yet she suffered his grief with him , wanting to share his sorrow , hoping that she could alleviate some of his pain .
0	The Irish President , Mary Robinson , had earlier said she shared the sorrow and anguish of the people of her country .
0	He looked so woebegone .
0	Hepzibah looked at Carrie 's woebegone face .
0	` God give me strength , " he yelled , instantly turning his attention back to the younger man who stood before him , and whose woebegone expression would have been comical were it not so pitiful .
0	` I had to rush around trying to find a farmer with a cart who might be going where I wanted , " Katz lamented , his woebegone countenance matching his sorry tale .
0	Liz must have looked as woebegone as she felt when they staggered into the stuffy carriage , because Barbara had burst out laughing .
0	Her Mum smiled at the woebegone face .
0	Len looked apologetic and woebegone , and mumbled something about not letting down his mates .
0	But she was torn by her daughter 's despair .
0	A merciful wave was closing over it , healing her despair .
0	Jamie Hill , defending , said Glorney 's marriage had broken down and his despair manifested itself in him turning to drink and committing offences .
0	When Lansdowne communicated his despair about the war to the press in 1917 and called for negotiations , there was a storm of protest .
0	As he stared at the torment , fury , and despair in her face , he knew that Clare would not forgive him .
0	The despair in their father 's voice had sent a sudden chill of apprehension through the brothers .
0	The profound anguish and hopeless despair of this woman in the face of what she believed to be the moral ruin of her whole life can not well be described .
0	Since last May many of these same passers-by have come face to face on their TV screens with the agony , desolation and despair of the people of Ethiopia and the Sudan .
0	ON a day which saw a host of prophets confounded -- and a month of near despair for many Conservative loyalists -- the reputation of one sage is intact .
0	Rune frowned as his eagle-eyed regard read the despair on her face .
0	From the despair in the parson 's eyes the doctor saw that this remedy had already been tried to no avail .
0	But he could not watch her terrible despairs without participating in them ; increasingly , he found he was as paralysed by them as she was herself .
0	Many parents experience deep pain and despair about their teenage children .
0	Gabriel forgot his own sadness when he saw the bitterness and deep despair on the farmer 's face .
0	Shelley sat down beside the patient and smiled at him , the cheerfulness coming from somewhere behind her deep despair .
0	By calling on his fellow socialists to perform the equivalent of a collective hara-kiri , he paradoxically appears to have given them back hope of a new life at the moment of their deepest despair .
0	Evelyn had never experienced such utter despair .
0	The tears came , and rapidly dissolved her angry expression to one of utter despair .
0	Through a swell of tears Ruth stared incredulously at the bundle and felt such despair that she feared she would drop the child .
0	She glanced down at the linoleum in despair .
0	Perhaps it was despair that made me believe there was one person in the world who might know that I was in despair .
0	That he forgot his guest in his despair ,
0	I was quite sad to hear my right hon. Friend the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food say that he was prepared to sit in the negotiations for months .
0	I am really sad that nobody wants to do it like I have done it for them .
0	The Denning family feel sad that , although Sharpness is still thriving , it 'll never be the busy port it once was .
0	Now it makes me sad to think of them growing up .
0	` I 'm sad that it folded , but it 's come at a good time , " she tells me .
0	` I am desperately sad that our scheme did not come to fruition but I am glad that someone will take it over and bring these jobs to the area .
0	` I am sad we have not been afforded the same welcome given to the Beirut hostages , " he told a deeply moved audience at the AGM last month .
0	We were all sad it was over " .
0	I 'm particularly sad my mother has n't had the opportunity to buy even his MC .
0	It 's possible to be sad about your babies becoming children , and yet accept the fact that you wo n't have any more .
0	Anne was sad at the death of the Misses Dolan but too much was happening for her to dwell on it .
0	Everyone will be sad at their departure .
0	The truth was that Mr Wolski was sad with himself , for he did not wish to stay on at the Zoo any longer .
0	He was sad about missing the forthcoming whiskies .
0	I WAS sad and also slightly amused to read the recent letter from a reader about the skilled worker only being offered 3 an hour .
0	` Madam Speaker , I know that there will be great sadness at this news .
0	Some grandparents have the sadness of losing rather than gaining grandchildren .
0	I am saddened that the article uses the spurious connection between dialect and poverty as a means of attacking English teaching in this country .
0	John Parsons in Nice is saddened to see the former world No 1 humbled in another comeback attempt at the age of 35
0	We are saddened to learn that for some people , the conference failed to develop strategies for action .
0	I am saddened to find that such thinking still exists within the profession .
0	A CLERGYMAN who trains priests yesterday said he was saddened but not surprised that he had been sacked after admitting he does not believe in God .
0	Rosemary Sandford of Darlington Association on Disability , said they were saddened and disappointed they were not given the opportunity to express their views at the meeting .
0	He turned away , his feeling of anguish at the nothingness of it all overwhelming him .
0	She still , after all these years , did not know , and one hand clenched in involuntary anguish at what she thought of as her intolerable betrayal of her brother .
0	` We feel very strongly about that and that the law should be changed for future children , so that they should be spared the anguish of separation and no contact at all . "
0	In the pictures of Belsen , the sheer anguish on the faces of the Tommies contrasts starkly with the indifference of the SS recorded in their cheery souvenir albums .
0	He remembers the anguish of disapproval and the comforting security of guardians .
0	But last night he insisted he had no grudge against Taylor , even though in his column he openly discussed his innermost anguish at being one of only three England players not to kick a ball during finals .
0	LEE SHARPE last night relived the anguish of discovering he had a disease which he feared could not only end his career -- but kill him .
0	Segments in D major and B minor accord with episodes of the drama as this unfolds , but two isolated D minor movements underscore Dido 's anguish at being betrayed .
0	At a news conference at the Royal Geographical Society in London , they described the mental and physical anguish of their 95-day trek .
0	Politicians who objected to Mrs Thatcher and her radical conviction politics suffered the anguish of apparently unresolvable frustration .
0	Both were crestfallen after Stevie 's erratic performance on the 17th .
0	There 's no reason to feel dejected about the future .
0	It 's not just health problems they suffer but many people can get really depressed living in houses where they have to keep washing the mould off the walls .
0	Even the Prince of Wales , depressed at the thought of the ordeal to come , cheered up at the sight of the food .
0	In spite of everything , Burun felt depressed by the whole affair and could not understand why .
0	Then , still depressed at being ditched , he drank eight pints on a night out with other squaddies , said prosecutor Graham Boal .
0	Behind her she heard Emilia say , ` I think the child will be quite desolate to see me go .
0	` I am desolate that Anthony has died .
0	The sense of relief that the Danes had ` let us all painlessly off the Maastricht hook " was immediately replaced by a despondency at the Government 's response .
0	Julie is devastated to discover she is adopted and she sets out to find her natural parents .
0	It was hot , sunny and the water looked so cool and inviting that Maggie felt quite downcast about having no swimsuit .
0	Dolores felt glum at the sight
0	The people of America and throughout the world were stunned and grief-stricken by the President 's assassination .
0	The queen was grief-stricken at his death .
0	Her emotion this time was not prompted by grief for her mother -- but by the seriousness of the moment .
0	Kurzlinger hated Voss for what he had done and the man 's grief for his murdered love was not to be underestimated .
0	Amanda 's grief for her father was compounded by anxiety over his ontological status .
0	A 16-year-old girl works herself into a frenzy of grief for a friend killed by right-wing vigilantes .
0	To express their grief over the Warrington atrocity , the people of Dublin sent thousands of floral tributes to Liverpool this morning with the Irish Air Corps .
0	Within the ranks of the music press , there seemed to be a genuine grief at the split and the band 's loyal followers responded accordingly , filling the letter pages with tearful , doleful sentiment .
0	In spite of her grief at being parted from her cousins , she could not help but feel excited .
0	John had been moved to Norfolk and promoted to Corporal and he wrote to Anne nearly every day , loving letters which helped to make her grief for her mother more bearable .
0	Relatives often carry enormous personal burdens , for example , the grief of losing a child 's expected bright future , or the tragic decline into senility of a loved companion .
0	He was not overwhelmed with grief for Kit , but evidently his eyes felt otherwise .
0	Her grief at his death was deep and sincere .
0	And even those could be put down to excessive grief at the loss of his wife .
0	And -- though the heartbreak of her troubled marriage still haunts her -- she raised a grin as Prince Harry waved from their car in London .
0	They suffered the heartbreak of losing three children through premature births .
0	Jane Moss said yesterday that the double heartbreak of her daughter 's death and the murder of her own mum 11 years ago made her want to care for the needy .
0	For the owner , it can mean heartbreak at the loss of a family pet .
0	So many families will face the heartbreak of burglary before Christmas .
0	She regarded the wife of former Beirut hostage Jackie Mann as a ` dear friend' and was heartbroken she could not see her before she died of lung cancer on November 30 .
0	YEOVIL TOWN captain Mark Shail was heartbroken last night over the rash moment which may cost him the chance of playing in the dream FA Cup tie against Arsenal .
0	Britt is heartbroken that her eight-year marriage to toyboy husband ` Slim " Jim McDonnell , 31 , is to end in divorce .
0	She was heartbroken to hear the voice of Camilla .
0	She 'd be heartbroken if her father was n't at her wedding .
0	Their mother died a month later , heartbroken by the loss of her mate .
0	No wonder she was now inconsolable at the prospect of the child being returned to London .
0	Several hours passed while he sat there , knowing that Maud would be inconsolable at having missed a charity dinner .
0	Nails became miserable with anxiety .
0	She 's miserable that it all has to end .
0	Me , I 'm miserable that it 's all beginning .
0	Even so , I was miserable when we were second from last .
0	And I know that 's miserable for you , but what else can you do ? "
0	` It is miserable for us to look back on these things .
0	Life , you know , it 's miserable for them .
0	Thenceforward I was always wanting to take the joys of solitude and of society in their extreme forms , and was alternatively miserable from the lack of company or the presence of uncongenial company .
0	The walk to the town centre is long enough to invigorate me and short enough to avoid getting miserable from the cold .
0	I was miserable with cold , but although I was prepared to admit that I was miserable , I was n't prepared to admit that my misery had any connection with cold .
0	He was miserable at being left out .
0	Since many parents were miserable at being separated from their offspring and it would be a struggle for some to pay money for their misery , they finally decided to have them home again .
0	Members requested the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council .
0	It soon developed into disillusion as the town 's death toll grew and ended in jubilant relief not unmixed with sorrow at the memory of towns-folk who would not return .
0	Goebbels himself had signed her travel papers under pressure from his sympathetic wife Magda , who had mistaken Lais 's hysterical sobs for sorrow at Karl 's death .
0	He is portrayed as showing sorrow at the destruction caused by German bombers and it is he who ` saves the day " by first giving himself up and then being shot by Clogger .
0	Three of our candles are in this colour to represent our sorrow for our failure to love in so many parts of our lives .
0	The awakened will gives rise to fear of God , sorrow for sin , hope for forgiveness and love of God ( Leah 's first four children ) .
0	He told of his sorrow at having to quit a job he passionately enjoyed .
0	Was n't there one word of sympathy he could offer to ease her sorrow at having loved and lost him ?
0	To his great sorrow he could never recall his mother .
0	Yet the dog had grown old and less capable , and one day the gillie had come and explained with great sorrow that the dog had suffered a stroke , and must be put down .
0	Peers expressed their sorrow at the news of the separation of the Prince and Princess of Wales after the Lord Chancellor Lord Mackay of Clashfern relayed the Prime Minister 's announcement to them .
0	He expressed at once his sorrow for my father 's death .
0	I join the hon. Gentleman in expressing our sorrow at that tragic loss .
0	Both of them were aware of Alain 's black anger and Marguerite was feeling the sorrow of leaving her own house .
0	Despite my anger and despair at what had happened to Brian , killing myself now would n't make amends for not helping him .
0	He had understood James 's despair at the enormity of the ruin , but not what the loss of Edward was already meaning .
0	Away from the defence debate Dr Mowlam also yesterday spoke of her despair at the growing homeless problem in her constituency .
0	Nizan 's despair in 1939 at the Nazi-Soviet pact and the Soviet invasion of Poland echoed Sartre 's despair in 1956 at the Soviet repression in Hungary .
0	In their communiqu , the finance ministers could usefully point out that the current despair  over eastern Germany is overdone .
0	It does at times reveal a certain despair over her present situation -- a fact that is rather concerning .
0	Lewis Verne-Smith sat shaking his head , less as a gesture of denial than of a generalized despair at the state of the world .
0	` I feel despair at being deceived and betrayed .
0	Labour supporters must be in despair at not being able to race away from the Tories in the run up to the election .
0	@1johndes ball watching &amp; Rojo'd header was equally dreadful!!
0	A pessimist is someone who, when opportunity knocks, complains about the noise #mikeshumor
0	A .500 season is all I'm looking for at this point. #depressing #royals
0	Stars, when you shine,\nYou know how I feel.\nScent of the pine, \nYou know how I feel.\nFreedom is mine,\nI know how I feel.\nI'm feelin' good.
0	All I want to do is watch some netflix but I am stuck here in class. #depressing
0	Buddha doesn't possess enough power to deliver you from your affliction!
0	Donating to Trump puts a damper on a very exciting @Cubs season. Really bad look, Ricketts family.
0	Hello my dear friends, I will be back online this Friday night. I miss you! #sober #sobriety #recovery
0	@ccrago It was dreadful, even after he met the Catfish he still thought it was her!
0	watching this uni reveal is so depressing i miss stingrays :(
0	Public products: high downhearted price tag consumer survey sum and substance: OVth
0	Wow just watched Me Before You and it was seriously one of the most depressing movies of my life
0	@kayleighmcenany  @DonaldJTrumpJr Is that really all you can offer for those who sacrifice daily to keep you safe...? @kayleighmcenany #sad
0	@kayleighmcenany  @DonaldJTrumpJr Is that really all you can offer for those who sacrifice daily to keep you safe...? @kayleighmcenany
0	“Dyslexia is the affliction of a frozen genius.”― Stephen Richards
0	@OHSOVICTORIOUS_ @FaZeAdapt We all seen it coming.. it's sad. But her Instagram comments on her pics are funny. Adapts fans blew it up 😂😂😂
0	[ @HedgehogDylan ] *she would frown a bit, folding her arms* 'why is it that every time I'm in need of assistance someone expects a lil **
0	@abra @abra @abra what're you doing to my ears? To my soul?! #GoodMusic #melancholy
0	I feel like an appendix. I don't have a purpose.  #depressed  #alone #lonely #broken  #cry #hurt #crying #life
0	Might go on @RadioX tomorrow to hopefully win a new car. My current one stinks of gone off milk. #grim
0	Season 3 and Charlie is still a prick! #lost
0	@pmo100 @5liveSport .....I heard talk something is a miss. He looks weary.
0	If Angelina Jolie can't keep a man no one can. Today we mourn because Love is dead
0	@DxfyingGrxvity - frustration, looking up at Elphaba in a frown of aggravation. Her high pitched voice was growing more and more --
0	@CovinoandRich just heard back2back,  guess that's why they call it the blues &amp; she's got the look, but I can only sing tickle sacks version
0	SOBRIETY®   trying to make being sober fashionable….can it be done ? #zeroalcohol #soberoctober #clubsoda #nomorehangovers #sober
0	@StaceyDavidson_ You're a thief and a liberal mope, investigated by the financial services board for theft of govt retirement funds. THIEF
0	This shit hurting my heart 😪 that's how serious it is .
0	Before the year ends I'll probably get master 12s or flu games, true blues, and space jams.
0	@AnjiDunlap droop in leggings? Are they wearing XXXL?
0	@trashcami this cured my depression
0	This world has some serious issues we should all go to therapy
0	If I had a little bit of extra money I would blow the whole paycheck and go to one of the two of @KygoMusic's concerts in LA. #serious
0	@kempicepoland don't think he did, and he didn't have the rucksack or laptop in his possession, murky business, on that note I'm away to bed
0	MC: what are you listen to these days?\nBogum: these days I feel gloomy, I listen to ccm (spiritual song) often.\n\nChurch oppa mode. :)
0	It feel like we lost a family member🙄😂
0	My life went from happy to unhappy..
0	you are on an endless journey of figuring yourself out; don't be discouraged when you don't know who you are yet.
0	On bedrest since I got out of the hospital. U find in unopened beer.. what do I do. Pour that shit out! No alcohol at all for me #sober
0	@LeePorter94 @DomMcGovern_ hi Dom I saw u at Notts county away, looking for 1 mufc away ticket will pay #blues
0	@LeePorter94 @DomMcGovern_ hi Dom I saw u at Notts county away, looking for 1 mufc away ticket will pay
0	A3: But chronic sadness may mean there are underlying issues than getting sad occassionally over a particular issue (2/2) #mhchat
0	Don't depress yourself by comparing yourself. No comparisons.
0	Folk Band 'Thistle Down' will be replaced by 'The Paul Edwards Quartet' at Laurel Bank Park Sat 24 11am - 3pm due to ill health #jazz #blues
0	Folk Band 'Thistle Down' will be replaced by 'The Paul Edwards Quartet' at Laurel Bank Park Sat 24 11am - 3pm due to ill health #jazz
0	@GRIPLIKEAVICE_ I wouldn't mind if it didn't you know, threaten my job when I disagree. Puts a damper on things.
0	@FFBren @CDCarter13 included for maximum #sadness
0	@Barcabhoy1 Of course not. Didn't sink his studs into a knee like Forrester
0	Soooo badly want to dye my hair dark but have never been dark before soooo torn 😭😭😭
0	@Eeevah14 don't I know it, try not to fret my sweet little pupper
0	im thoroughly in love w zen and jumin and i dont think id even have the patience for either of them irl im old and weary
0	@Virgin_TrainsEC I feel for the conductor tonight, he's obviously taken grief over the last few weeks, he sounds weary of apologising!
0	@GolfStrat out of Rory starts. What would your B group look like w/o him? Hideki and Walker, and throw Reed or Knox on the pine?
0	HATE that there's ads for #depression &amp; #mentalhealth #meds. That's ONLY something your doctor can determine. Everyone is different. #ssri
0	Rooney is 5 yards off the pace in a League Cup game against Northampton Town. Let that sink in for a moment. #MUFC
0	I can't WAIT to go to work tomorrow with a high as fuck fever. [sarcasm]\nHopefully I'll feel better tomorrow.\nBut I doubt it. #pessimism
0	Don't be disheartened if you didn't get the cards you wanted, it's not the end of the world......E-Eh...? Y-You want me to cheer you up?
0	amateur author Twitter might be the most depressing thing I've ever seen
0	yesterday i finished watching penny dreadful and from all the beautiful things i saw one question remains: were the writers HIM's fans?
0	We are about a little over an hour away! We will arrive soon, do not fret!
0	Should of stayed in Dubai 😞
0	Chalk dance notation entree manchester inasmuch as corinthian products that discourage drag branding: ARwuEVfqv
0	It's basically a dead skin peel which sounds grim. But it literally gets rid of so much dead skin from your pores.
0	aaahhhh! a little @OtisRedding to soothe the soul. #music
0	aaahhhh! a little @OtisRedding to soothe the soul. #music #blues
0	Remembering those day when u still did'nt know kpop n thinking about how sad your life was without it - Kpop fan
0	and for inconsolable Oxford academics - 'Brussels should just ignore the #Brexit vote and tell the UK it can't leave the EU....ever....wah'
0	@xOffWithMyHeadx They've officially said all the episodes left (so future 12 and despair 11 and 12) will be delayed.
0	340:892 All with weary task fordone.\nNow the wasted brands do glow,\nWhilst the scritch-owl, scritching loud,\n#AMNDBots
0	Common app just randomly logged me out as I was writing the last part of my college essay and lost all of it 😭😭😭
0	I'd rather laugh with the rarest genius, in beautiful alliance with his own being, where he kept his sadness. #melancholy
0	If you #invest in my new #film I will stop asking you to invest in my new film. #concessions #crime #despair #shortsightedness #celebrities
0	Just watched Django Unchained, Other people may frown, but I titter in delight! 2/5
0	@KeithOlbermann depressing how despicable Trump, with no policies, campaigning on bigotry &amp; rancour can be so close, evil immoral disaster
0	My 2 teens sons just left in the car to get haircuts. I'm praying up a storm that they make it home safely!! #sad #TerenceCrutcher
0	My 2 teens sons just left in the car to get haircuts. I'm praying up a storm that they make it home safely!!  #TerenceCrutcher
0	HartRamsey'sUPLIFT If you're still discouraged it means you're listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source.Look to the LORD!
0	@AmontanaW I nearly dropped my phone into the sink HAHAHAHA
0	Whenever I'm feeling sad I will listen to monsta x and hug my teddy bear and I always feel better
0	@spamvicious I've just found out it's Candice and not Candace. She can pout all she likes for me 😍
0	@British_Airways In your Concorde Lounge in Terminal 7 JFK. So saddened to have to say, service so far is dismal. Don't expect a reply.
0	#Facebook is #depressing without even being there. Two apps want it for logging in, I have missed at least two interesting #events and they
0	BTW, offended policy wonks, H only had one real proposal: eliminate subminimum wage. Probably good, but might discourage hiring of disabled.
0	I believe the work I do is meaningful; my clients would agree but at the end of the day, I feel like a pawn, lost in this chaotic world.
0	Refuse to let myself get discouraged.
0	@yukkikuma_cos cheer up, luv. your face is alot prettier when you're not frowning. &lt;3
0	@MHChat sadness with resentment is the past, sadness with fear is the future. try to live in the now #MHchat
0	Pro-lifers are condemning #MenForChoice - but I haven't seen any of you criticize the dismal American foster care/adoption system.
0	I love having such a big family. There's never a dull moment in my house 😂
0	@The40Bar See you all October 8th. @WreckinSO is ready to tear it up #keeptalkin #wreckinso #the40 #brandonmanitoba #country #rock #blues
0	r U scared to present in front of the class? severe anxiety... whats That r u sad sometimes?? go get ur depression checked out IMEDIATELY!!!
0	What a grim night #GetTheFireLit 🔥
0	@BitcoinBelle @pamelawjd Start mournful then kick into major key in last verse where good guys win? (Or just change words in existing song?)
0	@xaninaany I'm so serious DM me I'll tell u more
0	Time for some despair #SDR3 #despair #fuckthisanime
0	@leighsteinberg April 25th, 2010 for me. Keep up the good work!! #sober #prouder
0	but losing these games are the worst, you end up feeling a mixture of anger and sadness and shame and anxiety and it lasts for days
0	@CCGaryRoberts community policing!!!! What's that?? #lost
0	It's easy to #fall #asleep in class, but hard to in bed. #True #sober #whileyouweresleeping #insomnia #TeamFollowBack #RockTheReTweet
0	It's easy to #fall #asleep in class, but hard to in bed. #True  #whileyouweresleeping #insomnia #TeamFollowBack #RockTheReTweet
0	😑😑😑&lt;---- that moment you finish a Netflix series and have nothing else to watch. #depression
0	@Beakmoo hmmmm...you may have a point... I thought Twitter had got dull 😂. LAMINATION
0	I just got asked to hoco over instagram dm bc someone lost a bet. Love the maturity of the people in my grade!!!!
0	@JensenAckles @jarpad whatever Sam is holding on your tee looks like it's got a droop on 😂
0	When the surfer girl and i  don't speak the same language anymore.. #justsaying #sadness
0	@NikeSupport ok, thats it. After 2 weeks not being able to sign in, time to move on &amp; find another app. I will strongly discourage NikeRun
0	@AriZernial @NesquikMills don't let him discourage you Z! That's one of the best ideas yet!
0	Our soldiers in war zones are held to a higher level of rules of engagement than our police officers. #sad
0	Our soldiers in war zones are held to a higher level of rules of engagement than our police officers.
0	My nephews n cousins are nowhere near bad guys, but they could be killed @ any moment by a cop that thought they were bc of their color #sad
0	My nephews n cousins are nowhere near bad guys, but they could be killed @ any moment by a cop that thought they were bc of their color
0	Write drunk. Edit Sober. \nForget to save. Wake hungover.\n#amwriting #sober
0	If someone keeps #laughing at you, don't #fret  . At least u r giving #happiness .'\n#quotes #quotestoliveby
0	Back in the big time after selection last night. Absolutely buzzing. Bring on the roaches #SG16 #kickittomehigh #nswgaa #blues #statevstate
0	Headed to MDW w/ layover in SLC. Got off for food. Wrong move. Bailed on my food &amp; barely made it. @SouthwestAir #WannaGetAway #Contest #sad
0	Headed to MDW w/ layover in SLC. Got off for food. Wrong move. Bailed on my food &amp; barely made it. @SouthwestAir #WannaGetAway #Contest
0	When you burst out crying alone and u realize that no one truly knows how unhappy you really are because you don't want anyone to know
0	Don't ever grow weary doing good....Don't just see the headlines; look at the trend lines for hope.' @billclinton #CGI2016
0	@ThomasHCrown @laurakfillault As a historic evangelical, I wonder if the Donatists had a point? What dreadful clergy in my fmr. circles.
0	@InLuvWithAGhost I'm frowning at you intensely until you watch plastic memories.
0	What's the worst affliction that you or someone you know ever convinced yourself you had?
0	I get so much PUSSY\nP - panic attacks \nU - uncontrollable anxiety \nS - suicidal fantasies \nS - sadness \nY - yearning for death
0	@j__a__i I actually understand it for plumbers etc. Wire would get in the way while under a sink
0	Im having a real life conundrum cuz i cant find a good spot for my mini hoop and its really starting to depress me
0	My heartbeat is forever stumbling on memories of things past. #longing #loss #shape #form #sadness
0	6 might be a serious number, but 10 sounds better. Wild card race!!
0	Urgent need to get a new job. The constant gloom of my current one is getting a bit ridiculous now.
0	John and his 'magic box' #lost
0	It's really sad when you can't order goods from china and the likes because of Internet fraudsters... What's this government really doing.
0	Can it be 10 PM so I can sulk in my tub while listening to Lana
0	I can't wait for you to listen to my new single 'Mystery' and my new album😋. #newmusic #newsingle #newalbum #2016 #popmusic #dark
0	Candice's pout is gonna take someone eye out mate! #GBBO
0	The pine colada starburst nasty. Don't @ me
0	How's the new #BatmanTelltaleSeries? Looks good but I'm growing weary of this #gaming style... #Batman
0	@bolain_branden @GrimsToyShow grim should find broken Matt hardy because he can delete everything lol
0	@SentinalsMom *Baal dashed forward, boosted forward by her power of flight. Her sword pointed at Void, meant to stop just short of her--
0	i am about to find the sadness in graham's lyrics
0	I told my therapist that I'm on the dance team and now she's unhappy with me.
0	@mar_de_palabras But I do think we need to experience a bit madness &amp; despair too. This is the stuff that makes us human.
0	Texans and Astros both shut out tonight. Houston, we're back to normal. #texans #Astros #sadness #losers
0	are you feeling horribly depressed and despondent about life and your future' - @lauraroyden always knows just what to say
0	@space_gayz high fantasy , i feel like you could make a melancholy college age slice of life thing work too
0	Over 70% of social sharing is dark &amp; over 50% of web traffic comes from #darksocial. @colinzalewski #LIFTSocial
0	At least I don't have a guy trying to discourage me anymore in what I want to do he will never become anything worth contributing to society
0	@TheBenNatan szn 3 &gt;&gt;&gt; szn 1 &gt;&gt;&gt; szn 2. Just to warn you. Don't let szn 2 discourage you.
0	@nigeriaLNG @TonyAttah #lestweforget 3 yrs on, 2013 Graduate Trainee recruitment not concluded. #disappointed #weary however  #wewait
0	Go help the cause.@plantingaseed.net. #recovery  #sober #addiction
0	@MariamVeiszadeh it's getting so close in your poll so many ignorant ppl. #depressing #painful something needs to change #BeTheChange ? How?
0	@TicciKasie1 //this is sadly what my history teacher talked about why the fuck do I remember that?!
0	Defining yourself in terms of opposition, i.e. the clouded mirror phenomena, is almost always a mistake.
0	It serves a gloomy higher than the wolves of the village
0	Finally watched #hungergamesmockingjay2 this morning, sadly I feel a little disappointed #toomuchhype
0	@TheCatCampbell I too am Ravenclaw. #sadness #shouldhavebeenhufflepuff
0	Now I'm going to sulk again for a week until #OurGirl is back on! @michkeegan and @benaldridge07 are the best! @OurGirlWatch
0	@BokuNoGio AND his momma was worse than Tony sopranos momma #wow #sad #history #major
0	@BokuNoGio AND his momma was worse than Tony sopranos momma #wow  #history #major
0	@TrueRyuga I tore my MLC playing football in HS. Knees are serious business. Take care of them! Lemme know if you need anything.
0	@MlaStandard The depth that you've sunk to. You're readership deserves more.
0	when season 13 of greys anatomy premieres today. it you're only on season 7 #sadness :(
0	@thixotropic No. Was so sudden. Hasn't sunk in yet. With Leo I knew it was coming.
0	Long day, kind tweets, our melancholy, @DownFrontArtist defeats.
0	Dream show how cisco 642-188 pdf melancholy: aHid
0	Not a great start but good comeback from the boys to earn a point. Bring on Saturday #blues
0	Living with #depression doesn't mean you must be defeated by it\nevery day's a new day and yesterday doesn't decide what today looks like :-)
0	@Magrove86Mark @clareftballnews jersey gloves?  #dark
0	Been a while since I been sober. This life can be so hard
0	Just reached 10k followers - WOW - thanks blues #mcfc #ctid
0	When mine pass, I know I'll be inconsolable &amp; devastated. For a while.
0	I'm throwing myself straight into American Horror Story so I don't have time to grieve
0	*Sigh* #depression #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks
0	@rosalilium I'm wearing all black tomorrow to mourn. 😭💔
0	eun: im really unhappy with this and i dont like her like that pls dont\n\nyall: okay but SHE loves HIM
0	@yesnicksearcy @counterparty Although I don't expect a trumpie to understand the difference between real things and pretend things. #sad
0	@yesnicksearcy @counterparty Although I don't expect a trumpie to understand the difference between real things and pretend things.
0	You can tell the camp isn't happy purely through Bojan and Muni.\n\nBoth normally fab guys, yet completely dejected. Something isn't right..
0	Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain #anxiety #depression #pain
0	Migraine hangover all day. Stood up to do dishes and now I'm exhausted again. GAD, depression &amp; chronic pain #anxiety  #pain
0	No sober weekend 🙂🙂🙂
0	One point: DSP claims YTers lost half their viewership in 2012 if they weren't using direct capture. That's when the search changes happened
0	@JessiMcCree Gabriel would eventually start frowning, gaining conciousness. Which was apparently really painful by how tears formed in the--
0	No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars,or sailed to an uncharted land,or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.-H.Keller
0	for an lgbt person to tell someone else that how they identify isn't valid is so sad and against everything we should stand for
0	What we think, we become. -Buddha #recovery #addiction #sober #sobriety
0	So drunk me hid my keys very well sober me couldn't find it anywhere
0	@Mets @JdeGrom19 I'm depress now
0	@mandyjohnson I'll be honest.. I hope that annoying Southern bint with the 'look at me' pout goes out this week! Selasi #FTW
0	The last few weeks have been dreadful. opening up of old #wounds. the #gossip of others/evil that spill from thier lips #melancholy #sadnnes
0	@onefumi oh I see. I've seen so many people mourn the loss that I was surprised to see your tweet. I suppose same old here in SA
0	@downseung I'm sorry about your loss... no one should ever give you shit for taking your time to mourn. No matter how long it takes.
0	#HRmanagement must discourage the expediency factor from encroaching on the rolling out of a credible #workplaceviolenceprevention policy.
0	@BeenishParvez salaams ma'am, how r u ma'am? May ALLAH protect u from sadness, illness, harm &amp; nazr-e-bad. AAMEEN. Stay Blessed ma'am.
0	When I walk in darkness of despondency, Sc.verses I've memorized shine a light in my heart. Ex: Lam 3:22-25 #despondency
0	@LdhranOusby @RobHarris inclined to think that 'documentary' did him more harm than good. If not I despair of people's critical faculties.
0	Thank you @Pret 4 giving me a free coffee for bringing my reusable cup to the airport because it was 1st time you saw one. But #depressing
0	Ok it really just sunk in that I'm seeing the 🐐 in a few hours.. wow 🙄🙄
0	I don't care what shape the blues are in. \nWe owe them a fucking hiding. \nLong overdue on that front.
0	it's sad when you talk to someone about ya past n how it fucked you up and then they do the same thing like people really don't have hearts
0	final vestiges of my 90's childhood were just dashed on the shoals of hearing a house cover of Tracy Chapman's 'fast car' at the dayjob
0	@naynay_whores im pretty sure cause ever since saturday ive just been super sad lol
0	I am going to make it my life's mission to discourage anyone from using @CapitalOne. They will rob you blind
0	Luckily I was helped by some good people. And they also managed to free me of my depression. Unfortunately it only lasted a little while.
0	@ashleighjessica @zacflint1 I'd give that pout the firm D
0	Most days, I don't know what my heart beats for. #depression
0	Going off reports on Sky, Stoke played ok tonight. Think i'll stay off the messageboard tonight though -it will be grim on there :/
0	Overwhelming sadness.  This too shall pass.  #lonley #startingover
0	Overwhelming sadness.  This too shall pass. #lost #lonley #startingover
0	@HoggyBear95 the bantz are absolutely top notch, inconsolable I was when I realised
0	I mourn. ha..r / ambe was ruined. what was once an ongoing shitpost about Tony's crimes was hijacked by not so vaguely racist memers
0	So depressing to watch news, today out of 100 bullet news 10 were of rape! What's wrong with people #india #shameless #depressing
0	@MarianKeyes the pout tips me over the edge. I am most definitely AGIN. Who the feic bakes with full make up and boots with heels!!!!
0	I'm wearing yellow today to bring a little sunshine to this gloomy day #yourewelcome
0	I look at some of the average players that play at the min and pine Nani, Rafael , RVP ,
0	Hoping to hear some serious @DonnieTrumpet tonight
0	We're in contained depression. Only new economic engine is #Sustainability, say Joel @makower + @markmykleby @ #VERGEcon. #NewGrandStrategy
0	@ShannonBeador we know the truth about her, the public is figuring it out. Her words mean nothing.  #unhappy #mean #troubled #vile #bully
0	@PriceSjrw5614 @Ren102e906 @slb42jcb @swoozyqyah THEN you do what you can and then BLOCK them, they're trying to discourage us
0	@LeahSKahn honestly. All I care about is Selasi not messing this up. His lackadaisical attitude isn't good for danishes.
0	@BBCTomEnglish @TimesSport And the dreadful Franglaise.
0	Im so unhappy
0	@punjabified porkistan lost terribly in 65 because of american intervation to talk we stopped
0	Are you #serious that #fredsirieix lives in Peckham......South London's own #Love Guru(big up)
0	hate to see y'all frown but I'd rather see him smiling 💕✨
0	@LindaFrum sadly, at least 3 more years of this. At what point will even the low info selfie lovers who voted for them say enough is enough
0	@ChipotleTweets Gabe the worst part is I can't get hot status this month because there's no chipotle near enough to my campus #sadness
0	everything in the dream stayed there
0	Candace &amp; her pout are getting right on my tits #GBBO
0	California sissified pages: ruling class separation in passage to dispirit attestative alphanumeric code: WyrdljPyu
0	so probably hunger and depression and dissociating equals a weird time anything else
0	@reikimuse @MHChat I am beyond the sadness point. Have done it inside out. I live with CPTSD and BPD  I can't always do the pity party
0	This night, room polluted with syringes, notebooks and shadows moving, this kind of night! Away melancholy, away!
0	@reecetop10 Bk to 1 up top pack midfield Stifle any flair we possess kill any entertainers #dull #reshuffle #predictable #slow #average
0	Getting so excited for @ClearwaterJazz 2016!! We play the main stage Sunday Oct. 16 at 3:30!! #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock  #jam
0	Getting so excited for @ClearwaterJazz 2016!! We play the main stage Sunday Oct. 16 at 3:30!! #jazzholiday #riesbrothers #rock #blues #jam
0	Really planned on making videos this week. Then. A tv died, phone broke, truck died, #depression took over. I'm wondering what I did 2 karma
0	Removal regardless of cost a lamentable answer: ajvKSK
0	God just replaced my sadness with laughter, can't go the whole day sad ...
0	Need advice on how to get out of this rut!!!!  #needmotivation
0	Need advice on how to get out of this rut!!!! #depressing #needmotivation
0	I feel like I am drowning. #depression #anxiety #falure #worthless
0	@DatGuydARK I wouldn't fret. There's too many opportunities in life to worry about one not working out.
0	Candice's standing pout face aggravates me every week
0	I think learning classical or ancient Japanese might help me get myself permanently out of depression. I sometimes suffer from sudden
0	we never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness. #success #sadness #perfection #fortunate #mixed
0	we never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness. #success  #perfection #fortunate #mixed
0	Anybody know a good place to book a show in #Montreal on short but not super-short notice? #punkrock #postpunk #blues
0	Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you - @GRRMspeaking #quote #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #anxiety
0	@MessYourself why? Do you have depression?
0	@hamzakhawaja99 just die depression.
0	@othrcarl @IX_SW @purenift I'm sadly not, I'm just being smutty
0	It hasn't sunk in that I'm meeting the twins
0	In other news. My legs hurt. #running #5kin26mins #dreadful #flatfeet
0	“My friend do you fly away now? To a world that abhors you and I? All that awaits you is a somber morrow No matter where the winds may blow”
0	Happy Birthday, LOST! / #lost #dharmainitiative #12years #22september2004 #oceanic815
0	@Mattwinton1 Your foot is frowning.
0	@marisa_enbot Being with you makes me somewhat gloomy.
0	Sigh. I got a B- .. #depressing
0	@CNN : It's not Fox News, it's Fox Propaganda Network, they're so lost in their lies, that they can't tell the truth, if it hit them in face
0	@MHChat Childood experiences can  leave you with permanent deep sadness as adult  it can underlie everything #MHChat
0	Wrinkles should merely hide where frown have been.  - Mark Twain
0	Why can't you just be mine. #forlorn
0	#COINCIDENCE??? When you turn on the TV, etc.&amp; listen &amp; watch, the objective is to #CaptureYourMind with #fear &amp; #depression. #FindGODNow!!!
0	I'm not the type to flee from adversity nor does it discourage me. I'll always stand strong in the paint
0	Cops chillin on pine lakes
0	F'n morons u23 SMFH can't just be lackadaisical
0	Sometimes it takes #sadness to know happiness, #noise to appreciate #silence and absence to value presence.
0	@rosalarian i hate post con blues! But i avoided the plague too yay!! Yay constant hand sanitizer!!!
0	Go follow 'juspopmolly' on snapchat that hoe sitting on the sink right now @Cocaineandtacos
0	The new @chaseandstatus song is mega 💥 reminds me of @SundownUK #blues
0	#AutumnalEquinox the nights are drawing in, what a great time to look at putting up some new #lights #dark #showroom #news #wirral
0	The weather changed from sunny and bright to gloomy just in time to match my afternoon mood. 😒
0	@p0stcap I've still been trying to sort through it all, but I suppose I also shouldn't have had such high expectations. #sadness
0	How do you help someone with #depression who doesn't believe they have it and doesn't trust therapists?
0	A pretty dejected FanCam on the way. #SCFC #TBPTV
0	Ffs clan... seriously never been so disheartened
0	Fam what seems more fun for a photo booth: being able to instantly post to Twitter or having to wait till sober to see the hot mess
0	ACT 4 #anxiety &amp; #depression group. @livingwellihc beginning Mon October 17 for 6 weeks. Contact me to register now! #mindfulness #Halifax
0	Rooney = whipping boy. #mufc #sad
0	Rooney = whipping boy. #mufc
0	Nothing else could possibly put a damper on my day other than doing X-rays on someone with kickinnnnn ass breath 😿
0	My cell won't hold a charge 😢 #sadness So should I...
0	Do you know how much it hurts to see you best friend sad?
0	I am often disturbed by what some people find appropriate or acceptable. It's not funny nor cute that adults find this stuff humorous. #sad
0	I am often disturbed by what some people find appropriate or acceptable. It's not funny nor cute that adults find this stuff humorous.
0	ok yes I get it as much as the next guy -- bikes blues &amp; bbq is frustrating &amp; loud!!! but these ppl are traveling from all over to come --
0	The @Orioles are in contention and hosting @RedSox nation and Camden is empty #sad
0	The @Orioles are in contention and hosting @RedSox nation and Camden is empty
0	The two Brians, @BlackEyedNBlues &amp; @onthehorn500, also known as the Nigella Lawsons of #blues &amp; #pizza.
0	Ive felt surprisingly gloomy about my bad scouts today :'D but i recognize that it's all just RNG and yeah I didnt spend that many gems
0	@loueezecee I don't know how much more of that bloody pout I can take!!
0	I hope a goal comes soon on either side. Otherwise there is a serious threat of a dull and frustrating game. #COYS
0	@John_Hanna he has become so dreary, also, yes...
0	Usually I'm not one to rush colder weather but this year I'm so ready for hot coffee, dark lippies, scarves, sweaters, &amp; boots 🍂👢☕️💄
0	Today you visited me in my dreams and even though you aren't physically gone I still mourn you
0	I wonder if the #wolfcreek TV show is sponsored by the anti-tourist board of Australia to discourage visitors? #stayathome #dontvisit
0	@Theresa_Talbot @fleurrbie Haha...sorry about the dreadful puns... I need to get out more....I've been cooped up lately...
0	A MOMENT:\nIf you kill it in the spirit, it will die in the natural!!!'-@PRINCESSTAYE  #murder #suicide #depression #racism #pride
0	A MOMENT:\nIf you kill it in the spirit, it will die in the natural!!!'-@PRINCESSTAYE #murder #suicide  #racism #pride
0	I know few will mourn the loss of Stitch's Great Escape, but...see, THIS is the kind of cost-cutting at parks I really don't care for.
0	Who need #beats ? #instrumentals #serious #artists #only 🚨
0	Don King...his actions really sadden me today...the word 'may not' have the same power to all as it once did, I still cringe when i hear it
0	Meghan is teaching the blues in keyboard fundamentals II and all these classical majors are like WTF?!
0	Being at the airport is so depressing.. watching all the loved up couples and cute people coming off holiday,too cute..hurry up November ✈️
0	@FoxNews Very thought provoking &amp; leads one to question what really happened.Very sad for all.
0	Listening to @wdwradio at work is my slice of sunshine in this dreary cube world #9to5life
0	Don't get too close it's dark inside 🌫🌊
0	The bowl on my new food processor broke, @Cuisinart. #sadness.
0	Feeling #gloomy
0	Today: Kudos to Jaime Garcia on a fine outing.     #encouraging. Last Week: Judo to Jaime Garcia for a dismal outing. #discouraging
0	me: tis a dreary day today\nfriend: he's a teenager not Shakespeare's reincarnation \n\nim such a dumbass lol
0	@JBoughton93 he might donate the money but it won't stop shit, pessimist
0	@nytimes media celebrated Don King endorsing #Obama in 08 and 12 now criticize him for endorsing #Trump who wants new Civil Rights era- sad
0	@broadly you should be criminalized for posting a pic of that brown frown.... Get a pic of some jack, or cookies, or diesel, Join up @CNN_Ai
0	@WDWNT #spooky night at #disney #fortwilderness campground #disneyworld #powerfailure #dark
0	@ChristianJMay @CityAM \nConfidence held up... despite constant and continual doom and gloom
0	I might even be on the verge of depression.
0	@TheSGJournal Step 1: Get rid of @LittleStokePark Step 2: Prioritise football Step 3: profit? #depressing
0	When you lose somebody close to your heart you lose yourself as well 💔 #lost
0	When you lose somebody close to your heart you lose yourself as well 💔
0	@BlackToLive Good - cuz that's what Trump is: a fucken 'N'azi. Don King-u havnt sunk this low since u set up Mike Tyson. 2 pathetic Dons.
0	@jamiesonhelen @MarianKeyes all three of my agin's on the pout .
0	But what will complaining, pessimism, regret, and anger get you?
0	Been sober for days lmao
0	i am le depressed i l hate myself xDDdD #sad #depress #loner #emo
0	I want my highlight to be so bright that if I ever get lost and someone is looking for me in the dark, they'll find me.
0	ffs as if tate thought wind in the willows was a serious play, can't wait to see him play a singing badger 😩😂
0	this country is going to go to crap no matter who wins this november, isnt it? The more i learn of both the more despondent i am of future
0	@HonestAndFrank but  @BillCosby drugged and raped those women. At least you and Barb were sober and consenting!!
0	whenever I hear concert postponed I think of dismal ticket sales   green day ?
0	David Gilmour's biggest compliment? B.B. King asked him after a gig if he was born in Mississippi #pinkfloyd #theblues #davidgilmour #blues
0	@OpentheDoorRadi thanks for playing Crock Pot Going #radio #blog #blues #music #indiemusic
0	No #gbbo from us tonight sadly, we've got a date with some nachos @ODEONCinemas #BridgetJonesBaby
0	This has been the most depressing week full of rain ever lol
0	gotta say this n put it out there. whoever u r, u should support other people's decisions n not discourage them...
0	@BigBossPeltonen \nLikewise #death #cutting #despair
0	My producer is mixing and mastering the songs now for #murky #notebook #mixtape\nThe tape will be out soon for free download 🔥🎶💨💯
0	I don't get that my parents literally don't see how unhappy I been lately
0	#recession, #economic #gloom? The brightest #stars shine in the darkest nights! Our #html5 #webdesign rocks! #rtblitz #finovate #wlsb
0	I feel like no one is out there on #Twitter  for me.... can anyone see what I write #sadness #rants
0	I can't pull myself out of depression
0	@andrewmcmeme nah, I asked really insightful teacherly questions so he could write a kickass report of his own. He will, sadly, never know
0	sav tells our mom 'I love you' and she responds 'Oh.' #sad
0	sav tells our mom 'I love you' and she responds 'Oh.'
0	Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it. ― W. Somerset Maughm
0	I wish I could live in y'all reality where i can grieve over people i never met. To bad i got BROTHERS dying left and right .
0	And btw... I really did stay in bed all day today. #depression I hate being lied to, fuck liars. -w-
0	@DevilsAdvcate @ManUtd absolutely boring.M a big Manchester United fan,  nd its really disappointing to see them play in ths dull boring way
0	Lauren Jauregui makes all my problem dissapear it amazes my sadness. She keeps me strong
0	I get embarrassed at the slightest things and then I'll fret about it all day I hate it
0	How a dad would feel knowing his daughter is getting dashed around for whines in the rave😭
0	tim burton never fails to depress me
0	@BenLeubsdorf @DykstraDame @WSJ idiots are going to sink the economy with free money policies.
0	@Jake_Martin74 Oh and I play it capo 2nd fret in a G position RS
0	I'm allowed to sulk
0	my bls depress the blake
0	Playing at September 21, 2016 at 09:30PM: Demetria Taylor  #blues
0	@faye_catherine happy anger sad melancholy confusion #woodspurge
0	FYI y'all can't mourn or celebrate shawty lo cause y'all ain't played his music since 08'
0	@MHChat if we don't understand how to express our emotions to others, may lead to sadness / loneliness &amp; neg impact on long term mh #MHChat
0	@devrajasmine If you change the dark images both look different, but both look like they are in a forest.
0	@bldmovs sadly beautiful photo.
0	ima kitchen sink
0	I should have stayed at home.
0	Henderson showing that when times are hard he leaves or goes missing #AFLCatsSwans #seenitbefore #lions #blues
0	My son 11 has 128 friends on Facebook and yet is moping around the house complaining he has no one to talk to. I'm right here son
0	Don't get #weary in well doing.\n#Faith #God #prayer
0	We fear not the truth, even if it be gloomy, but its counterfeit.- Berl Katznelson
0	God I give you all my pain mess and stress. Take my heavy load. #amen #stress #mess #pain #depression #sadness
0	All I'm learning about at college atm is Sylvia Plath, Stalin's purges and natural disasters, gloomy af
0	Did you know apples turn brown when a enzyme called polyphenol oxidase reacts with oxygen! Well I do #dull #applefacts 🤓🍏
0	@wiIdfuI we have the same age and you're 1000 times more beautiful than me! #sad 😂
0	hmm somehow twitter feels really depressing, more like negative today...I think I missed something 😕
0	@Cassena13 I know if I wasn't an optimist I would despair.
0	I came to work for no reason 😩🔫\nI could've stayed in bed
0	Not written for African-American\n\nNo refuge could save the hireling and slave\nFrom the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave,
0	@damiandmusic hubby Noah shares this somber thoughtful photo of his one and only Dami. Ponytail, standout highlights beautiful picture, nice
0	So you're unhappy?
0	or when someone tells me I needa smile like excuse me ??? now I'm just frowning even harder are you happy
0	I want to pour all my tears on someone right now. So tired of this #upset #sad
0	I want to pour all my tears on someone right now. So tired of this #upset
0	@OniLink86 @DarekMeridian lmao awe...  #sad
0	@OniLink86 @DarekMeridian lmao awe...
0	@reillygolfpro @RealKidPoker @StacyAcey @WSOPTD no he didn't! They are obviously friends and that clouded his judgement
0	Where are some great places to listen to blues? #nightlife #NightLifeENT #blues #jazz #gatewayarch #stlouis #washingtonave
0	@dlrwills turn that frown upside down buddy 🙃.
0	@patienceinbee @camposanto But I decided to be a bit lackadaisical about getting dressed to get groceries.
0	@pikapies I have many happy memories of the Isle Of Wight.\n...\nBut yeah, sink that shit.
0	@glenberube @DonnaGrantis @idanielsenbass @HannahJWelton watching this again makes me weep tears of joy and tears of sadness that he's gone
0	carry on my wayward son there'll be peace when you are done lay your weary head to rest don't you cry no more
0	@yourKarma Reaching out AGAIN in hope to contact over the technical issues I am having. Your CS is severely lacking. #badkarma #unhappy
0	I love when #girls are busy in teaching how to #pout while taking #selfie in a mall , their desication is immense #women love #perfection
0	@PatBlanchfield so you mean “like Uber but for despair for someone other than the driver'
0	@tysonwaters and @WatersWife 'Being over it.' Why USA has #panicattacks #anxiety #depression and so much medication!
0	@typicalmoony Yes Lia!! Join the dark side!!
0	@phil500 \nSo sadden \nSpunky a beautiful dog\nA sad story a lovely happy\nAn loved dog \nPlay little one have fun you\nare so loved
0	(whisper) I cannot frown.
0	@ananavarro @tcarrels most of Trump supporters have not clue about the meaning of the words they used just like him #sad #nevertrump
0	@ananavarro @tcarrels most of Trump supporters have not clue about the meaning of the words they used just like him  #nevertrump
0	@RobertWesley3 I'm #mad that my brother is #sad ! Feel better bub!
0	Dentist just said to me' I'm going to numb your front lip up so it'll feel as if you've got lips like Pete Burns!...... She was right #pout
0	@haileywiggins_ @flenner_alisha good. Takes more muscles to frown than smile
0	A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty' -Sir Winston Churchill-
0	The most depressing part of being ill is that your taste goes 😫
0	Penny dreadful 3 temporada
0	@ProSyndicate thanks for replying, I'm ironing my shirt😂 I'd love to meet you and get an autograph but sadly I'm too young to travel.
0	Shantosh: How crazy would it be to walk past and talk to a person everyday never realizing he is suffering from depression or such? …
0	Is it just me or is this a very weird time for the world? #change #enlightenment #gloomy #weird #sigh #imaginepeace #imaginelove #unite
0	@jamiesmart Huh! It's always my fault isn't it &gt;:( #huff #sulk
0	Pussies - In the dark, they're all the same
0	For once I gatherp th strength to not try and drink my pain away. #sober #Fighter #strong #lovely #dreamer
0	@dublinwaltz bts' 화양연화 trilogy MV is my all time fav🙌 quite gloomy but beautiful as well✨
0	The ghost of Stefano reflects on the grim indignity of being murdered by corrupt cops in faux love. #days
0	@againstallaudss @groovydadad @Thelostchild5 @MHChat indeed &amp; is sadness unavoidable? #MHChat
0	Bojack Horseman: the saddest show ever written?? #depression #season1
0	Incredibly shocked and disappointed with @united customer service. Really making me rethink flying with them in the future. #unhappy
0	Too many are on their 'yeah, the thing going on with cops shooting innocent people is sad - but just not in my backyard, so..' #sad #blm
0	Too many are on their 'yeah, the thing going on with cops shooting innocent people is sad - but just not in my backyard, so..'  #blm
0	My encouragement today is my dog while my head is in a fog. #epicfail #depression #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering
0	My encouragement today is my dog while my head is in a fog. #epicfail  #feelingfedup #tired #ihaveheardeverything #wondering
0	Drinkin me some red wine &amp; listening to some fred mcdowell playing the #blues . He did not play no #rocknroll. Fantastic noise  #justsaying
0	Love being made to feel bad about being scared of the dark
0	Is this the Krusty Krab?\n\nNo this is crippling depression
0	Has September been dull? Get #SuperSeptember from Jumia Food as a new user. Order from The Place, Barcelos or Shawarma &amp; Co for 30% off
0	@POCX100 Please don't sulk over your defeat. Come on. Head up!
0	me: i've actually been doing pretty well! i'm learning to manage my depression and-\nlife: yeah that's over. that's cancelled.
0	@MariamVeiszadeh #depressing it's so freaking close !
0	Trial result #sadness
0	I am more comfortable here at the Dove House than I was in my own home for 24 years. This is HOME &amp; I am very grateful. #dove #indy #sober
0	Only God knows why things happen, sometimes it's just hard to understand. #sad #prayingforyou
0	Only God knows why things happen, sometimes it's just hard to understand.  #prayingforyou
0	Just because I'm hurting \nDoesn't mean I'm hurt \nDoesn't mean I didn't get \nWhat I deserved \nNo better and no worse #lost  @coldplay
0	Fashion week this year is dull AF! Someone inspire me!!!!!! 😩
0	Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese. ― National Lampoon, 'Deteriorada'
0	It's always over.. until I'm no longer sober... then it feels like I wana start over #UL
0	its so unfortunate that after all these years im still struggling with depression smh
0	Ghanaians don't need to wear black to mourn tho... They can just walk naked *dodges stones* Na joke na☹'
0	@RonBaker6694 I got a super speeder and lost my license for 6 months! 😩🔫
0	@ScottCarmichae1 @Murican_Stuff don't fret -- this guy is mad because when @realDonaldTrump  is elected he might have to get a real job
0	@KhaleesiofFood @BB_Updates she has stayed off the block almost all season, got out people that were good for her game, but no one seemed
0	@gurrie_j thanks for making me super sad about Pizza.  #freepizza
0	@gurrie_j thanks for making me super sad about Pizza. #sad #freepizza
0	Inadequacy slithers from her ears and wraps itself around her neck like the boys she wants to love her. #mpy #vss #quote #depression #poetry
0	&amp; like if your unhappy just leave. don't cheat on someone &amp; than up their view on love &amp; shit 💯..
0	@teenageic0n_ you'll be pleased to know my family are blues
0	@Meruna_  as a musician, I can tell you that more people get discouraged when learning because of shitty instruments than anything else.
0	Hi guys! I now do lessons via Skype! Contact me for more info. #skype #lesson #basslessons #teacher #free lesson #music #groove #rock #blues
0	Rockin to  Bob Dylan singin'  Bob Dylan's 115th Dream on LPCO Klassic Rock #classicrock #klassicrock #rocknroll #blues #onlineradio
0	feel really sad and down today😒
0	But right now I'm feeling pretty desolate.
0	#Drunk people annoy me when I'm #sober lol. | #fact #TeamFollowBack #RockTheReTweet
0	@_JESSICAVIDAL_ Just pour it down the sink and let him drink you.
0	@Dark_Intell Darius' article was what convinced me that the time and money I had sunk into the IGDA in past years was wasted. Good re-read.
0	i really want to read this fic i found but it's #serious and this room is full of #memes
0	UPLIFT: If you're still discouraged it means you're listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source. Look to the LORD!
0	I'm strong 'cause I'm weak\nI'm beautiful 'cause I know my flaws\nI'm fearless 'cause I've been afraid\nI can laugh 'cause I've known sadness..
0	This is the @Fender #blues #junior. I'm looking forward to play on it as soon as possible. #guitar #guitarrist #music
0	Dreams dashed and divided like million stars in the night sky.
0	You are NOT your struggle or You are NOT your affliction! #YouAreStrong &amp; #YouAreArising above it all!
0	Fun tidbit: You can fall asleep on someone while dancing. #blues #latenight
0	The #sober equivalent of being in a #bar women's restroom is the #salon. Everyone compliments each other &amp; become friends. I love it
0	I lost my wallet, then found it, then lost it again AND THEN FOUND IT!!!!! \nCollege is brazy
0	@hedgegirl I was only joking. I don't have any parents. 😈 #dark
0	oh, btw - after a 6 month depression-free time I got a relapse now... superb #depression
0	oh, btw - after a 6 month depression-free time I got a relapse now... superb
0	Absolutely hate the Apple Watch iOS 10 update. Completely buggered some of my apps, including Spark. Awful interface, too. #grim
0	The animals, the animals\nTrap trap trap till the cage is full\nThe cage is full, stay awake\nIn the dark, count mistakes
0	Love is when all your happiness and all your sadness and all your feelings are dependent on another person.
0	@antoboyle I so wish you could someday come to Spain with the play, I can't believe I'm not going to see it #sad
0	@antoboyle I so wish you could someday come to Spain with the play, I can't believe I'm not going to see it
0	Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
0	But guess what ? I'm sober
0	@MissFushiGaming I hashtag things and the kids always tell me to stop 😭😭😭😭😭 #sadness
0	@WalshFreedom sadly, that idiot completely overlooks the facts . He had a gun pointed at police. Are they that stupid?That should be ignored
0	@localblactivist I'm always a little bit weary of speaking up because 1. I don't want to hijack the convo - as an LGBT person, I've seen
0	Go away please ... I'm begging »»» #depression #anxiety #worry #fear #sadness \nDreams of joy and my baby to be found...Sits on #AndisBench
0	This nigga doesn't even look for his real family 🙄😂 #sad
0	This nigga doesn't even look for his real family 🙄😂
0	So blend the waters lie\nThere shrines and free-  The melancholy waters lie\nNo rays from out the dull tide-  As if the vine
0	God knows why you'd wanna go with a girl who's slept with half ya mates #grim
0	People are trying too hard to hate on Cam Newton without understanding his position #sad
0	People are trying too hard to hate on Cam Newton without understanding his position
0	@cristinalaila1 just when I thought this disgusting man couldn't sink any lower-like Hillary he his depravity of character has no bottom
0	@SizweM01 and it's kinda depressing hey!!! 😑
0	@KseniaSolo hi little late to lost girl but think you awesome from South Afrikaans:-)
0	@MiSSLiNDZO no. 😭 the last two we were out-bidded. So we got kinda discouraged so now we are taking our sweet time. The market is stupid tho
0	Way to get a hold of her 😊 #depressing
0	TVGirl is like I'm really pretty and melancholic about life and this is why I hate myself
0	Actually I always idealize the end of my relationships .. Such a pessimist
0	After she threw me out I had to sedate her. With a damn horse tranquilizer.'
0	Man city's kit is dreadful!
0	There will be no #gaming video today. An old friend of mine passed last night, so I'm taking some time to grieve. Thank you #StandUpToCancer
0	I did the dishes yesterday, fell asleep, woke up to the sink full and I didn't even eat dinner but I have to do the dishes.
0	even if it looks like we are okay,  the reality of that is were actually very worn out and forlorn
0	Interesting topic this evening...  sadness &amp; low mood. #MHChat
0	someone explain female human beings to me, they're depressing me ._.
0	Dont dull #Dutty_Wednesday
0	@brawl2099 See your primary care doctor. They can prescribe meds and refer you to a psychiatrist for eval. Don't mess with depression.
0	@kagehime3 I'm so starved for content I'd take it but I'd def pout about it (՟ິͫઘ ՟ິͫ)
0	@ChrisWarcraft species cf. Don Jr. refugees/Skittles.know he likes his snacks,but even @gop frown on talking about eating humans #lizardscum
0	Trying to make a #better_world is #depressing when it's a #failure -__-
0	Lines from Don't Quit take me to a place of ultimate strength when I start to feel weary. 💪🏾
0	That's the old me though #imachildofgod #whatistwerking #sober #married #bye
0	@mcjamie sadly. It's just.. Did the dude have to yell out the frogs name at the Clinton rally that one day. It changed everything
0	Is that hurting..? [Features get a tad somber while attempting to sense @MischievousTyke's temperature]
0	doese reading help depression or is it another form of escapism
0	#Gratitude - recovery health love God conscious drive hope perseverance wealthy home kids SoCal #recoveryfit youthful #sober
0	Idk why people be glorifying depression. I wouldn't wish real depression upon my worst enemy. Shits the worst stop acting like it's cool
0	Maybe I can sleep with my chem book on my head and it will all sink in my brain
0	i cant live anymore my roblox got termianted :(((((((((((((((((((((((( #sad #killme #lol #robloxgamer
0	i cant live anymore my roblox got termianted :((((((((((((((((((((((((  #killme #lol #robloxgamer
0	Come here, let me do whatever I do with it. #dismal
0	When it comes to Syria, I get very fucking annoyed at pessimism, like I get full on triggered. Optimism or gtfo.
0	Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned.  #AdultingIsTheWorst
0	Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned. #pout #AdultingIsTheWorst
0	@ManUnitedWriter He has had a dreadful first half, not to mention rashford would've got on the end of a couple of those through balls #pace
0	Heart heavy for lost furry family members. Remembering Max and Ozzie. Forever friends as 🐶😇
0	Awake at 5.30am with a seriously bad throat 😩😩😩😩😷🤒 glands feel huuuuuuuge and I'm in uni soon! #grim
0	@lefluerr Lol yeah I read that but I stayed up and didn't nap tillI collect 3 people who I think they've got me 😂😂!!
0	Thanks to all the #sober drivers. The real winners of the night! #ClemvsGT
0	But God will deliver the righteous to their place of salvation: no evil shall touch them، nor shall they grieve
0	#2 complained then while his head and then called do not despair of God's mercy if you did sins go back to him and ask his forgiveness
0	gloomy days should just be for high cuddles and movies
0	#Quote 'To say that You know Yourself without ever having been #lost to find Yourself, Is like saying You know everything' ~@Caligraphy215
0	why yall hyped abt that girl getting to hang out w JB, he clearly looks so unhappy and bored in the pics no offense LOL, plus he hates yall
0	Well stomach cramps did not make that spin class any easier. Why does my body hate digesting porridge so much 😩 #spinning #sulk
0	Special thanks to @hamsterwatch &amp; @UgotBronx for keeping us updated &amp; entertained this dismal BB season 💕
0	♪OLD FISH  #discourage
0	Muscled man with huge heart is messing with my brain and heart. #lost #confused
0	@chrislhayes It's hard for most folks to realize how deep the hatred is until you dive into the murky end of the pool. This guy is nuts.
0	The snaps/Insta pics I see of the friends I made while in Cali are so unbelievably depressing cause there's no place I'd rather be but there
0	@tariqmateen but sadly he missed some crucial and important points. Indian terrorism in pk,  kal Boshan,  etc..  Raw involvement
0	Remember your journey is unique! Don't get discouraged because you're comparing your journey to someone else's. You will get there!
0	Sejejs says Cibulskis missed time in 3rd period due to an injury. Wouldn't comment on how serious it is. Apparently not a doctor.
0	Biggest joke in life? Kardashian and Jenner stans. Their lives are so dull, parents must be so proud.
0	@NikhilTikare i like cold gloomy weather
0	Cuddling literally kills depression, relieves anxiety, and strengthens the immune system.
0	#Taurus, for the most part, you have perfect control over your Emotions and you are careful not to be so sulky around anyone!
0	What I would give\nTo feel the sunlight on my face\nWhat I would give\nTo be lost in your embrace 🎧\n\n#Fallen
0	Honestly don't know why I'm so unhappy most of the time. I just want it all to stop :(   #itnevergoes
0	Honestly don't know why I'm so unhappy most of the time. I just want it all to stop :( #unhappy #depression #itnevergoes
0	@Skepta make sure you's Young breadrins sling us a quick vote #murky #skeng #votage
0	@NicKeaney Hope they refuse :( x #depressing
0	@Conorojo Loool understand the pessimism but it will 😂
0	@nickb88 @Buster_ESPN pine rider
0	This took a melancholy turn but my point is that for all the difficulties I'm still happy. Happy that I get to be who I am.
0	@MCHorseFayse @bockaguyjim @generalgoodsman @nevernotdavid so you were owned by losers on Twitter #sad
0	@MCHorseFayse @bockaguyjim @generalgoodsman @nevernotdavid so you were owned by losers on Twitter
0	@strong_bread dude we same fukc i lost my spectacles this morning.......
0	#savemoney and #savelifes @ your #openbar @your #weddingreception. Close it 1-2 hours early, forcing your guests to sober up before driving.
0	@tonygoldmark Yeah I won't mourn it but I'm glad I rode it the last time I visited.
0	@diamonde my heart just sunk.
0	I feel like singing the song human sadness by Julian Cassablancas and The Voidz or some other sad music. #depression #sad #sadness
0	SRV's 'Voodoo Child' is approximately 76 times better than Jimi's. #guitar #music #blues
0	@grumpy_pumper I involuntarily smile when you frown in photos. And giggle. How annoying!!
0	@Tanzynia sadly David D is no longer with us imagine both together wow
0	Haven't been here a while, been watching lots of TV. Conclusion #whataloadoftat...if I wasn't depressed before afternoon TV is #grim
0	Haven't been here a while, been watching lots of TV. Conclusion #whataloadoftat...if I wasn't depressed before afternoon TV is
0	@Mysteri759 @Ren102e906 @slb42jcb @swoozyqyah Well, I'm too old, and too stubborn about facts &amp; history to be discouraged.
0	Says to my maw the other day, wanna day sober October way me, she says 'ave mer chance of doing movember son' #classicmoira #glasgow #sober
0	it's pretty depressing when u hit pan on ur favourite highlighter
0	ah #lost #mah #train of thunk.
0	@Adrian_Specs Far from safe and staid I found it horribly OTT at times while everyone seemed to be trying just a little too hard. Not for me
0	@Megane_Matt @HikariMorou next to despair, hope shines even brighter (you get me Matt)
0	🍂🎵☀\n#fall sounds great !\ndream #blues #rock by @RaphaelSlagg.\nGet the top album  'One Love'  by hero @BlindFret. :D
0	I'd pay good money to watch someone slap that pout off Candice.
0	#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside. #depression #anxiety #anxietyprobz
0	#PeopleLikeMeBecause they see the happy exterior, not the hopelessness I sometimes feel inside.  #anxiety #anxietyprobz
0	@todofuku dreadful day at work n now im gonna be late for class n im covered in paint, n now i have to work a night shift too :/
0	Nobody wants a grouch but DONT move to SD if you want to be a rapper. #serious
0	@mypalalex but still your my favorite person in DF besides grim
0	@icapturpix @DRUDGE_REPORT I agree. This current, ultra-left Democratic party lost a lot of members, including myself. I switched to Repub.
0	Although this is my best semester so far, this is also my most depressing because I'm constantly reminded that I'm not meant for greatness
0	Synth backing tracks = sadness\n#depresspop #dark #+++ #alt #fuckingmeup
0	will brawndo cure my depression? @MikeJudge #Idiocracytoday
0	If you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it is yours. If it doesn't, it never will. #sadness #accepting
0	because a kitchen sink to you is not a kitchen sink to me, okay friend?
0	@kerophibian depressing
0	@almurray hit the sink with a hammer... sorry, the universal modifier!
0	I feel like an appendix. I don't have a purpose. #sad #depressed #depression #alone #lonely #broken #sadness #cry #hurt #crying #life
0	But is it your fault you worked hard and stayed the course until eventually it all paid off, no! so let it be known and count up!
0	I feel like a burden every day that I waste but I don't know how to get out of this bc I get so discouraged all I wanna do is lay around 🙃
0	@RIPPoohSavage u know ion play that shit bout my weary brother
0	I saw someone discourage someone from following their dreams. Just because you want to live in mediocrity doesn't mean someone else should.
0	You forever straight so fix that frown u good😇 @amayyaaag__
0	@d6vey you are grim mate
0	@PunishedSnek in the final analysis, the non-white global majority will not fret over the ethnic origin of our corpses.
0	the sad moment when u hand in an exam knowing u failed and grieve by eating and sleeping
0	I can't even celebrate my wins or mourn my L's cause first test week is that busy 😕
0	Grim and despair feeling-I look at self and my family. Hubby fought 20+ years for this country. I've worked 20+ years for this govt--&gt;
0	now im all alone and my joy's turned to moping
0	RM will win the game at the last minutes and Madridistas will say Cules stayed this long watching RM win at the end. Disgusting fanbase
0	@1ChiefsDan Is that pessimism or do you just want him to get another week of rest and healing?
0	@kimdelacreme_ @Srgohdatzme305  I'm there... let me know #sober
0	@kimdelacreme_ @Srgohdatzme305  I'm there... let me know
0	@fpuebla3 @Osbaldo_A lost a friend too
0	@susanbrodigan @lyricconcert Ha yes- the look of despair!
0	@ImNotInfected — rather someone that could help her. Concern clouded her green eyes, not once having seen a girl alone in the woods and —
0	@_JuliaSteiner : YES ! Right ? I mean I wish you hadn't been discouraged to see #MikeandMolly because so many parallels really -
0	So grim being up at 6
0	Bain of my life having to drive to a cash point, Then to a shop for change in pound coins, Then to the gym all for a bastard sunbed. #grim
0	@wombletheballer well done bro😏 #blues #stategames #captain #shootthegerman
0	@AFCGraMaChroi oh, sorry if I've discouraged you 😂
0	@ycfcnick the city is famous for the shambles, sadly the old street in the centre plays second fiddle to the stadium debacle nowadays!
0	Clean the #sink and make your #bathroom shine.
0	_Her mind is a #dark room,\nDeveloping #Madness  ♨😘
0	Feels like I lost my best friend #lost #fml #missingyou
0	@Micky_A_Lawson Paddy McNair is our joint top scorer......yeah.....justlet that sink in haha
0	*Sigh*  #saddness #afterellen #shitsucks
0	@BoardEveryday @turnorder @pinchback21 80s new wave/techno - or jazz / blues depending my mood
0	@BroggersM19 @Calum250284 He had been retired 20 minutes ago by most blues on here 😊
0	It's been 5 weeks and I still go through depression smh
0	People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
0	It’s possible changing meds is best not done while under stress. Difficult to tell what part of despair is circumstantial, what is drugs.
0	@seantkin @coachella @RomanDanielsXXX @kodyknightXXX I see my 'eliminate the hanging tongue' campaign is a dismal failure.
0	@HartRamsey #UPLIFT If you're still discouraged it means UR Listening to the wrong voices &amp; looking to the wrong source. Look to the LORD!
0	You know when you're just slightly high, the state between sober and high af? That's beautiful. I wish I could feel like that 24/7.
0	If Troyler will die, I'm gonna die with them\n#troyler #sadness #fuckin'lifeisnotafairytale
0	Never let the sadness of your past ruin your future
0	@nadinekellman yes I can. Don't discourage me.
0	them cold, dark nights are slowly creeping in 🌌
0	@ReaganRachelle if I go I'm going to blow some serious money, idk if that's a sacrifice I'm willing with make
0	@rclemmons much #sadness and #heartbreak
0	Very depressing seeing my whole fam packing to go on holiday tomorrow and I'm just staying here 🙃
0	its a gloomy day, im cuddled in my bed watching brendon covering songs and i couldnt be more relaxed or happy 😋
0	Should've stayed at school cause ain't nobody here
0	@CornerBakery Sorry I missed you :) I stayed up late working and pondering life
0	@suddenlyapples This is an on-going affliction for me and the only cure is more Shiro
0	It's always depressing to sort WordPress plugin recommendations not by 'best' but by 'least offensive in terms of premium features.'
0	*wants body to look a certain way*\n*eats 3 cookies, mac n cheese, kitchen sink, and small neighbor child*
0	Their engine runs on fuel called whining :-)\n\nU jst  hv 2b observant..\nHar din Rona dhona &amp; complain. \nHappy news makes them unhappy :-)
0	Caballero's passing remains absolutely dreadful I see!
0	Listening to old school house music kentphonic-sunday showers 'hanging around' 'sing it back' #blues
0	I truly feel like science has the ability to make a milk out of anything ... cashew milk, hemp milk, pine nut milk, dandelion milk
0	@jordan_grimmer If that's messin I can't wait to see #serious !! Brilliant stuff
0	@AniahROSE I know smh. My heart sunk into my stomach.
0	How many tweets is that now? How fast was I going? God, I love being #sober and #intelligent.
0	@katethecursed @shannonrdk LOL this day is too gloomy for being people, should've canceled and stayed in bed
0	@funkxwidme only #true #depression #fans will get this one 😂😂
0	I'm looking for a good promoter #rock #blues
0	@danhirtle @Bell Another unhappy customer.  #secreteyes
0	When I was new, I hate the Judge Judy sponsorship style- but looking back it was the only thing that worked. #recovery #sober #cantconacon
0	@Hannahcolleen06 I have 12 &amp; that's the only one I didn't like 😂 mine comes out patchy. It's the only dark color by her I have tho.
0	I know it's the final day of summer when it's the finale of @CBSBigBrother #sadness
0	lost 11 lbs since I got married (eating healthy) &amp; ive gone from a 9:47 mile to a 8:50 mile in 2 weeks. #areyousureimagedout #fitness
0	@TelegraphNews why is this evil corrupt fuck still knocking about? The wrong people die I'm telling you. Do you job grim reaper!
0	Those were the times, I thought I can never be sober. But still His grace are beyond my limits 🙏🏾
0	@komaebun He just has that way of thinking, he wants absolute hope born from absolute despair.
0	@asjoshtaylor sadly I don't think I'll see you on tour, but have fun, you're gonna rock! 🎉👌🏻💙 #HotForMeTour
0	@metalAndTheGeek @astoldbyfANGIRL SAME! I always say it was the best time of my life. I closed my store down and it was so depressing
0	@kole_holland don't fret, there's another game on at 8 #staytuned
0	Historically Japanese have always been into #jazz and #blues. The 70s dark age of jazz big names like C.C. &amp; M.D. were surviving on Tokyo.
0	Honestly today I just felt like maybe track isn't for me #sad
0	Honestly today I just felt like maybe track isn't for me
0	@SiWheeler78 never a dull moment, hope you had a gd trip down
0	nooooo. Poor Blue Bell! not again. #sad
0	nooooo. Poor Blue Bell! not again.
0	@andreamitchell said @berniesanders not only did not play up HRC in campaigning 4 her in OH but he did not discourage 3rd Party vote. TRUE??
0	im having the worst week ever and i cant even go home yet to just sulk in my bed
0	Got a #serious #hyper #predator #heckler situation over here
0	@5SOS I swear I will not go mourn because😭😭💔💔
0	@_iConceitedOne_  Hi! We hate that you're unhappy your bill keeps going up! What unique features do you want with your plan? ^RobertS
0	@jimmyfallon @ShawnMendes I'm just a sucker for pine, I wanna rake you up, I wanna pile you down, I'm just a sucker for pine #FallSongs
0	@mizzymaxx @Bsmarz22 @ssmik2309 haha Bro she's sadly married man 😩😩
0	Fuck yall @Panthers for hiring that GOP PR guy to discourage Cam from speakinh his mind and heart about racism
0	@stevierayrob Can Elliot Friedman please stop talking, you are clueless. You haven't seen the ball since the kickoff. #mope
0	All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
0	Yes I am picking up sticks and pine cones in my front yard
0	Seeing an old coworker and his wife mourn the loss of their 23 year old daughter was one of the saddest things I've ever seen 😢
0	can it stay gloomy but get cold pls
0	@macmacm43 jeezus God #dark
0	@macmacm43 jeezus God
0	This is the first time I've been sober on my birthday in 6 years. #recovery #sobriety #sober #soberissexy #sobernative
0	Have any of you ever stayed in hostels overseas? My only frame of reference is the movie Hostel, and we all know how that went.
0	the thing with Twitter is i only remember to tweet when i'm bored or alone and then it comes across like i have a really dull and sad life.👽
0	I need all your attention! If I don't I'll pout..
0	It would appear it's a good year for the #blues
0	.@WotzupCapeTown - thanks for sharing! Surprise guests! @HumanJurgen &amp; visiting US Tenor Sax @CunninghamColin. #livemusic #capetown #blues
0	@Simon_Barrett I will watch @BlairWitchMovie when it opens in Mexico in a week. Thank you for making it and don't be discouraged.
0	Well, I had hopes for today. No go. #unhappy
0	Henny and pine apples 🤔
0	@pete_ferriday Aww rest your weary head here
0	I've been loving you too long #OtisRedding #blues
0	@charles_gaba No, I am probably the person most likely to completely understand how gobsmacked you were to learn how true that is. #sadly
0	@_MrAminuddin @ejainews @_AlifH @AhmadFuadAdnan dont play with this master noob u want to win.. #serious
0	@JohnVerdejo Mannn I can't count how many times I've had the '#PR's power grid needs some serious updating' conversation...
0	Up on melancholy hill
0	Speech was bold coz it wasn't written by PM NS bt the expression/tone was his own dull n dim
0	Dropped my phone in the sink earlier.No sound, but everythin else works.Prepared myself for life without music until I put my earphones in
0	B day next week, catch the sauce and watch the heaviness!
0	@GrimsToyShow @hunna_chunna you got hacked on your gaming channel grim by evil wood clowns yesterday September 20 and September 21 today
0	How long will they mourn me?
0	@MUTGuru I know guys that sink $1000s into the game and only to build a team and play solos. But this hear you make nothing on solos.
0	Rooneys fucking untouchable isn't he? Been fucking dreadful again, depay has looked decent(ish)tonight
0	Ibiza blues hitting me hard already wow
0	Hey man are you asian?!' Nah man im hispan...'nah you just high as hell.' Some random crackhead in the wal-mart parking lot...cmon #sober
0	Does she really need to pout all the time - getting on my nerves #GBBO
0	Yet again another night I should've stayed in😊
0	Some questions you get on Twitter make you want to despair. We've been so battered. We complain but aren't convinced things could be better.
0	it's still not sunk in that im seeing joe next month, im so grateful and excited shit
0	@modelady24 I know, right? I had a tinge of the same thought. Glad it's Six from BSG, though. Happy the show stayed consistent after break.
0	Rooney ! Oh dear, oh dear ! Fucking dreadful 🙈⚽️⚽️
0	@Batman_ofgotham Her golden brown hues met with those baby blues as her arms crossed over the breasts he had been gulking at. 'Let me guess-
0	@zombieisIand yeah friends of minw have witnesse accidents and a road near me like??? cars hav like sunk?? but ih gosh be safe okay !!
0	@charles_gaba @NateSilver538 @DavMicRot @FiveThirtyEight A litany of name-calling. How dull.
0	That's how you start a season that's how you open the show #show #them #how #dark #hell #can #get #Empire
0	@Orrible_Ives I didn't say anything bad about the situation great mate, can't believe some were. Makes me despair of humanity
0	I know I've painted quite a grim picture of your chances. But if you simply stand here, we will both surely die.
0	I honestly feel nothing towards either of my parents and it's pretty depressing
0	@AshleyCWilson @MrDavidHobbs @IndyCaronNBCSN Glad the TV coverage was so successful because the attendance looked pretty dismal.
0	@OzelleM man imagine # Ultra is promoting carnival. I think u need to be the chairperson #serious. Cause am hearing nothing
0	Feminists should ask themselves, why they're so unhappy, and why they lack love in their lives. Is it b/c they are fighting a losing game?
0	life is hard., its harder if ur stupid #life #love  #sadderness #moreofsad #howdoestears #whatislife
0	life is hard., its harder if ur stupid #life #love #sadness #sadderness #moreofsad #howdoestears #whatislife
0	@MollieTebbatt guess what I'm doing? watching your great grandad sink the titanic..
0	I am worried that she felt safe. #unhappy
0	Happy Birthday Roy Buchanan, born on this day in 1939. #roybuchanan #guitar #blues #happybrithday
0	Cmon blues we are 2 home games away from another CC semi - I love those Wembley away days. Being on anyone at home please! ⚽
0	Probs spent a grand total of five minutes sober since Sunday evening :) #freshers
0	On the wheel as we grow older and become aware of ourselves as individuals with a dull responsibility in life?
0	@childctweets sad people are that sick and boring 😬😬😬
0	This whole #VanRE + extradition might turn into a Pandora's box. JT has no idea about that murky corrupt guanxi in China; Toad vs Dada ;-)
0	@MarkedMurderer Orion's eyes narrowed as he gazed down at the girl, ice cold blues meeting a softer than usual green. His instinct told him-
0	Well I won't be doing a unboxing of the iPhone 7 plus on my channel until November sadly. Thank you @TMobile @Apple Staten Island NY smh
0	@RealTimBooth I've never been fond of having dark eyes until seeing this share.
0	... Huh. Perhaps... Because we're both so dreary, we get along well?
0	@CrystiCaro yeah agree - I think it was a family member and they covered up #sad
0	@CrystiCaro yeah agree - I think it was a family member and they covered up
0	@ExaltedChampion - the jest, Kara didn't chuckle, instead her baby blues were narrowed in on Adam like a warning. If his brain /wasn't/ -
0	Sometimes the support network is causing the damage. \n\n#support #Damaged #alone #tired #lost #hurt #nojustice #depression #surivivor #NoMore
0	@SalterUK second pair of scales I have bought that have stopped working after battery change. Is this an issue you are aware of?  #unhappy
0	I saw those dreams dashed &amp;&amp; divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over &amp;&amp; over again ~ sparkling &amp;&amp; broken.
0	Boy oh boy! our weekday schedule is crazy! But no matter how tired I am I do whatever it takes to keep the smile on Kai's face from a frown
0	@SussexMistress @sarahb45 @MsEvilyne @MissJessicaWood I'd be perched on that, unfortunately wrapped in heavy chains! #sink...
0	@flybe Doesn't explain the ability to land at Manchester but not Bradford - other than more convenient for Flybe. Many unhappy travelers
0	why the fuck does my mum want me to put corn in the curry?! #grim
0	@Aamnaa___ @drkarthik_n your per capita income is almost same like us. Gini Coefficient is very dismal. Ambitions are high but output Zero.
0	Looking nice forward to playing at Paper Dress Vintage in Hackney this evening - get there early as I'll be on at 8pm! @paperdressed #blues
0	Winner #Champion #school #lastyear #gouniversity #university #me #dark #Black #webstagram #blackandwhite
0	@ITdominiccoyle @IrishTimesBiz Between Barroso going to Goldman and this the @EU_Commission is getting a very serious self inflicted problem
0	@pottermore : I can't find my patronus, the website doesn't work, I can't even see the questions.... #sadness...
0	Nutella is pine green forget me nots are ivory frozen is god
0	I was not made for this world. #empath #unhappy
0	She used to be beautiful, but she lived her life too fast - Forest City Joe #blues #blinddogradio
0	Why does Candice constantly pout #GBBO 💄😒
0	@redBus_in #unhappy with #redbus CC, when I talked with them before a week still they didn't initiate the refund of the transaction.
0	@AceOperative789 no pull him afew weeks ago, sadly theres no game audio or sound affects cause i played it on my phone and tryed everything
0	I'm buying art supplies and I'm debating how serious is it to buy acrylic paint.
0	@sainsburys Could you ask your Chafford Hundred store to turn on their car park lights? A bit scary these dark nights! Thanks.
0	Depression sucks! #depression
0	Feeling worthless as always #depression
0	Feeling worthless as always
0	My #Fibromyalgia has been really bad lately which is not good for my mental state. I feel very overwhelmed #anxiety #bipolar #depression
0	Im think ima lay in bed all day and sulk. Life is hitting me to hard rn
0	So when I try I fail... and when I don't try... I still fail... #confused and #lost
0	Extreme sadness
0	my life in one word is depressing
0	Panic attacks are the worst. Feeling really sick and still shaking. I should be a sleep. #anxiety #depression
0	Feel so grim + ugly atm
0	Honestly depression is kicking my ass lately.. 😔
0	At my age all I see is gray. Is it gray because of my bad eyes or my perspective #depression  #healingjustice
0	After 3 idk why I start feeling so depress, sad and lonely.
0	I sulk too much for my own good.
0	A night where depression is winning... #depression #fml #help
0	Going home is depressing
0	We can't even grieve over one black body before another one pops up due to pig brutality
0	It's a gloomy ass day
0	@Fra93_bruno wow I'm just really sadden by that. Terrible
0	My heads still in Ibiza but my body is sat at me desk at work #depressing
0	@Ashleyavitia_ don't leave me #sad
0	Depression sucks!
0	It's been a week of awful connectivity with @TMobile no service or only 4G is not what Im paying for. #unhappy #poorservice
0	This the most depressing shit ever
0	Sometimes The Worst Place You Can Be Is In Your Own Head.'\n\n#quotes #worstenemy #depression #thinktoomuch
0	@TMobileHelp my service is down in Cleveland, OH. What's going on? #unhappy
0	What a sad evening - clearing out all of Harvey's cage and belongings. Now so final. Goodbye my little man.... #depressing
0	When you have 15 doe run the opposite side of you 🙁 #depression
0	The moment of the day when you have to start to plaster a smile in your face. #depression
0	I hate when it's gloomy outside because it always gets me in a depressing mood
0	People stealing things from my work out quite the damper on my day so now I am going to wear pajamas all day
0	@FlakeJay ring ring! #depression is here
0	It's now September and we're still battling a situation that was said to be handled March of this year. @ATT this is unacceptable #unhappy
0	@xBFDR yeah I'm sure it will, it's just so depressing having to talk to my parents over the phone instead of talking to them downstairs
0	| At home sick... 🎼The blues🎼 won't cure it so I need ideas 🎸😭 | #sorethroat #sick #blues #music #fallweather #carletonuniversity #ottawa
0	I wouldn't wish anxiety and depression even on the worst of people. It's not fun. #anxiety #depression
0	sorry Main twitter im in depress
0	@Markgatiss I'm surrounded by those Trump voters. You're right, it is fucking terrifying. #redstate #despair
0	come to the funeral tomorrow at 12 to mourn the death of my gpa
0	@TNFryed Jesus, you just made think that of all the Vols v fl games I've seen. I've never seen a win. #depression
0	After spending £450 @Debenhams I was offered a £5 voucher. I asked if I could spend it at weekend? Was told 'no valid today only' #unhappy
0	Thought I had a pretty solid GPA as a kin major and now that I look at the average for dpt programs I feel even more discouraged 😪
0	depress 😭
0	Lament a \nsaddened heart,\nso far &amp; \nyet so near,\nthe years so\ntough &amp; scarred,\nthis lonesome\nroad,\nstill feared! #depression \n\n#poetry #poem
0	Summer officially ends today. #sadness
0	Well my evaluation came back and i am minimally effective. Student test scores on the PARCC sunk my eval. it's time for me to quit teaching
0	bad news fam, life is still hard and awful #depression #anxiety #atleastIhaveBuffy
0	Oh, I should just 'get over' my #depression and 'be happy?' Don't you think I've tried that thousands of times already? You're not helping.
0	Im really constipated. This is depressing
0	When health insurance won't cover TMS but they let me know they cover ECT #mentalhealth #psychology #depression #TMS #ECT
0	Somewhere between  #hope and #despair the day after #meetingmyabuserincourt \n#DVSurvivor
0	@Christy_RTR @doge_e_fresh I'm despondent
0	2 applications for my dbs and still waiting. Been over a year now. Going to loose my job 👍🏿 @GOVUK  #thanks #unhappy #crb
0	I miss when social media was a place to get laughs off and jump in DMs lol..... shit is depressing now 😞
0	@Hayles_101 The three R's depress me.
0	Too many gloomy days
0	The weather sure matches the mood in this state today.. #gloomy
0	and again dirty and  self loathing attitude  mope talking
0	Wearing all black tomorrow as I continue to mourn the lives of the most recent victims of police brutality. #blackout #WU
0	Am I the only person who dislikes fall? #FirstDayofFall #leaves #thingsdie #depressing #cold #noflipflops 👎🏾👎🏽👎🏻🍂🍁
0	My soul is weary of fighting the battles in this world. #BlackInAmerica #WeAreNotSafe
0	My prayers are with the family, friends &amp; members of @VCFD  as you mourn the loss of Engineer Ryan Osler. #LODD #RIP
0	Just wish I was appreciated for all I do! When is it my turn to be taken care of!! I want a break!! #tired
0	@pureleine though lately with how bad my depression has been i feel like my body is like just, taking what little it can get
0	We have left #Maine. #sadness
0	so fucking sad when the person you love doesn't try fighting for your happiness, when you'd do anything for them.
0	@jccrocker #CharlotteProtest do u #wait 4 the facts #video or do u #hate now ask questions later #sad #protest #PoliceShootings #suggestions
0	It's interesting the photo of Mono Lisa is crying as well as the whole scene is very depressing #ELE6200
0	The news is disheartening. Everything that is going on is a result of a lack of understanding and misinformation by the media. #sadness
0	Never ever been this unhappy before in my life lmao
0	@lebara - worst possible decision I could have made when arriving in the UK. Shocking service. Poor coverage. #unhappy
0	Condolences to the  JC and the Georges family.. #sad
0	No one wants to win the wild card because you have to play the Cubs on the road.  #sadness
0	Groom gloom.
0	I don't think I can go to work tomorrow since val has left #GBBO I need a day to mourn
0	Good morning lovely people. Not gonna lie I've woken up feeling pretty glum.
0	@6itmap I can't help but feel melancholic!
0	@CTV_PowerPlay @lraitt Horrid disease! My maternal grandmother and each of her sisters suffered from this affliction. It's hard on all.
0	If anybody needs me I'll be drowning my blues in a sea of whiskey 🍻
0	@jeremycorbyn @magstogether my god is @jeremycorbyn a full shilling? Seriously you need a major rethink or no lab gove in your lifetime #sad
0	in health we did a think about depression and now i feel like i have it
0	@Gaychel22 @Kellee_II @seattlepi even hard facts don't seem to be sinking in... I despair 😩
0	So depressing that it's darker so much earlier now
0	@KingJames @chrisbosh\n To good hearts I lost my job I'm Responsible 2 families My Information in profile even dollar if can’t just Re-tweet
0	Currently unfollowing anything relating to disneyworld or Florida! #holidayblues #depressing #wantogoback 😭💔
0	It's just begun ladies and gents. The war on racism has begun. #sadness #Segregation continues.... smh 😒
0	Just wish I was appreciated for all I do! When is it my turn to be taken care of!! I want a break!! #tired #lost
0	So Mary Berry, Mel and Sue have gone with their principles, and @PaulHollywood  has gone with the fame and fortune. #GBBO  #depressing
0	@crimsonwulfe it's super sad!! Especially when you are talking to a real person and not a bot! Makes it feel real :(
0	@ily_geuly call me now I'm laying in my bed moping like I intend to do for the next 2 months.
0	Baaarissshhhhh + sad song =  prefect night — feeling alone
0	im so gloomy today
0	Honestly I've come to a place where I keep getting discouraged but just gotta tell myself to keep pushing through it.
0	. @KotakBankLtd @udaykotak official got in touch. Issue not addressed. #unhappy #patheticservices
0	Back in Cardiff after an amazing 10 days away 😭 #depressing
0	so lost i'm faded
0	Sometimes The Worst Place You Can Be Is In Your Own Head.'\n\n #quotes #worstenemy  #thinktoomuch
0	@British_Airways just came of BA6426 at @ortambo_int at least 6 passengers with broken bags. This was a new suitcase. #unhappy customer
0	Tell me how I'm supposed to feel. #broken #hateful #guilty #love #sadness
0	tomorrow will be the last episode of despair arc, so much shit is gonna happen i'm not emotionally prepared...
0	@TheZantarin Then maybe we should keep our White mouths shut and let the people being targeted speak and mourn.
0	@rockcock64 cum and despair
0	Ill say it again. If I was a Black man Id be afraid to leave my house or have a moving violation.\n\n#TerranceCrutcher #truth #sad
0	i is sad
0	Wanna pop some pills, sedate myself, and wake up tomorrow.
0	Patti seems so sad. She stamped and ran behind the sofa. We will have to give her plenty of love and affection...more than usual. #sad
0	It feels like there are no houses out there for us. With the most basic requirements I have, there are literally no options. #discouraged
0	Don't wanna go to work but I want the money #sad
0	Wow the #Denver housing market is #depressing no places to buy in my range 😢 #FML
0	one ep of despair arc made me happy but and then i'm going back to future arc and i'm upset again.
0	I have not nap for 3 days in a row I'm very unhappy rn
0	@megalvz literally was gloomy for an hour
0	@MendipHillsAONB do we think the swallows and swifts have gone? Photo'd 3 nights ago, not seen since. #sad #Autumn
0	Fucking gutted, disheartened &amp; so pissed off.Gone from 1 off the toughest most resolute defences to the worst &amp; most shambolic #SCFC #STOHUL
0	@TootingCommon stop!!! Don't make me laugh when I'm being sad.
0	Condolences to the  JC and the Georges family..
0	@GoPro your UX online is appalling! No clear save button, not being able to use any generic TLD's #unhappy
0	Literally being here makes me depress tbh
0	@wabermes The @RavalliRepublic had a good one but then the reporter quit. #sad
0	This room is rather dreary, but we endure what we must.
0	where broken hearted lovers do cry away their gloom
0	Another grim &amp; compelling news report by @Nawalf on the blockade of aid to the starving in #Yemen #BBC #dosomethingpoliticans
0	@GCC_DiscGolf lost my xt nova around hole 8 or 9 #sadness
0	@Uber_RSA when you click over and over again for a cupcake but there are no vehicles available... #sadness
0	Nasty nasty chilly rain has put a damper on my afternoon cigar.  This is NOT a good thing. @cspanwj And FOUR #CongressCritters tomorrow?
0	I got diagnosed with severe-extreme depression and I didn't know there was a difference between those two lol
0	#haikuchallenge #haiku\n\nThe crisp autumn air\nMy freedom purchased through death\nNo one will mourn me
0	Smokeys dad is sad :/
0	Americans as a whole are, for the most part, feeling borderline despair at the very least. Looking at a situation out of control.
0	@ryyyshh story of my life. #lost
0	When will the weeks full of Mondays end?? #disheartened
0	@HannahFJames I'm distraught! 😭 Candice and her pout can piss off
0	@HutchinsonDave I don't know whether to despair or agitate for a cull.
0	Can I just sulk in peace 😂
0	It's sad when your man leaves work a little bit late and your worst fear is 'Oh no!! Did he get stopped by the police?!?! ' #sad #ourworld
0	MY CAR IS DENTED FROM THE HAIL sad
0	From My head to think it was better but obviously it's not #relapse #sadness #sickness #madness #misunderstanding
0	@WilsonsWorld I was in high school and remember helping neighbors clean up back home in Greenville.  Pretty sobering stuff.  #sadness
0	I have sleep cooties.\nI close my eyes and dream that I'm awake #weary #sleepissues #narcolepsy
0	wow almost all the T-Mobile stores in San Diego are out of Note7 replacements #sadness I need to get mine replaced
0	I forgot my hair straightner home, I'm feeling lost without it... #lost #lostWithoutMyHairStraightener
0	And I won't even get started with Hillary and her fancy fundraisers! #depressing
0	The underground at Waterloo is not a nice place to be at 8.30am on a Thursday #somanypeople #grim
0	When will the weeks full of Mondays end??
0	@Samkingftw ew omg that is so grim
0	@thatsabingo grim really
0	With loyal heart is concerned. #somber
0	@knology has providing customers w/equipment that doesn't deliver speeds of internet services that they have been charging. #unhappy #scam
0	@CNN yes. Too many cops. And too many ppl who should have lost their lives r still alive.
0	If you find me lost, will you stay as a passerby or will you get lost with me? #musings #melancholy
0	I'm getting use to not having a phone it's sad ..
0	I'm slugging vitamin D pills by the handful, like they were m&amp;ms. When will this eternal winter end?! #Melbourne #grim #overit
0	Sometimes the support network is causing the damage. \n\n #support #Damaged #alone #tired  #hurt #nojustice  #surivivor #NoMore
0	@JUSTICESLUT420 sadly this sort of poster died by the 90s afaik
0	@lucy_hyner @Soulboy2266 sadly not !! One less hour drinking time 😢🍻
0	I was in the dark room for 58 minutes and failed every time I tried developing a photo I'm so frustrated with myself :')
0	Mixed emotions. #sadness #anxietymaybe #missingfriends #growingupsucks #lostfriends #wheresthetruefriends #complications
0	@Jay_2752 thank you, I shall mourn her
0	Making that yearly transition from excited and hopeful college returner to sick and exhausted pessimist. #college
0	@Gervaisoholic But this is no easy ride for a child cries: \n'Oh, find me...find me, nothing more, \nWe are on a sullen misty moor...'
0	Had to give my 11yo AfAm son this advice today: 'be polite, no sudden movements, keep hands where they can see them'. #sadness
0	Man Southampton will wipe the floor with  west ham on Sunday. So disheartened
0	@Fly_Norwegian quite simply the #worst #airline #worstairline I've ever used! #shocking #appauling #dire #dismal #beyondajoke #useless
0	Hate knowing I have to get up at half 5 for gym in the morning it's so depressing
0	@DeltaAssist Tried 2 get earlier flt 2day  @BWI Turnd away bcuz it was 2 late Then agent let other pas on #silvereliteleftbehind #unhappy
0	Love all the ex United managers on Twitter who form our fanbase. Honestly I despair at times. Just back the fucking team eh #MUFC
0	Can we go back 2 weeks and start again ?? This is seriously dreadful
0	I'm honestly upset that they rewarded Nicole 500k. #depressing #paulwasrobbed #rewardhardwork #bitterjury #bb18
0	I haven't watched my favorite youtubers in months and it's honestly made my depression so much worse
0	@midnight #EndTrumpweek please, it's #depressing me.
0	@MHChat I think sadness is felt very strongly physically and mentally.  It feels like it takes over and it's hard to focus at work #MHChat
0	@gagasklaine it's old sadly
0	@TDYLN sadly not :(
0	#Terencecutcher #Tulsa the man onthe helicopter said he looks like a bad dude, that is the problem, when they see black they see bad, #sad
0	@KatHeartwell some don't see the difference between courting and appealing to a women vs deception &amp; pressure it's depressing
0	It's way too hard not to get discouraged.
0	as a very depressed and suicidal person seeing someone sing about their own depressing life yet having fun is very relatable and encouraging
0	I've returned from the dead with a desire to clean the apartment and eat something that isn't garbage. #managing #depression
0	@WestHamUtd poor service tonight to find season ticket holders in the seats we purchased online. Forced to move further away #unhappy
0	Even a pencil✏ never #stayed  with me until it's #end ⚫ 😞
0	so gutted i dropped one of my earrings down the sink at school
0	Having holiday blues! #WantToGoBackToMinehead.
0	I'd rather die alone then end up with somebody who can't be sober
0	I don't think it's fully sunk in that Val is gone yet
0	Hate being sober so I popped two
0	It's pretty clear I can't stand @HillaryClinton, no tolerance for habitual liars. Not a Trump fan either so what's a citizen to do? #despair
0	@MoneyJay901 hard to tell in your pic. My mistake then. Either way, nothing I said initially was about race. U took it there. #sad #ignorant
0	@X_KIMTAEHYUNG_X \n— momentarily before it disappeared, only solemnity and anxiety lacing his features. \n\n'I ran out to get you before —
0	All the 'juniors' are now wearing purple at ollafest while I'm here fighting with my alarm about when I need to wake up for German #sadness
0	The fact I haven't had to wear a bra for a week and knowing I'll have to start wearing one again after tomorrow is depressing 🙄🙄
0	Liam is too distant makes me mourn 😪
0	It's now September and we're still battling a situation that was said to be handled March of this year. @ATT this is unacceptable
0	This weather got me fucked up. Like you either be sunny and hot or gloomy and cold. No in between.
0	@ATTCares why do I have 2 wait 48 hours to call YOU back to cancel an order I JUST placed after already spending 2 hours on the phone?! #sad
0	Life is too short so dont shoot it in with worries sadness and grief.
0	Brb going to sulk in bed until Friday
0	@LVLMLeah Nooooooooooooooooooooo. We have stupid, dismal, lame winters where we maybe get some dangerous ice once.
0	#RIPKara i could have seen her at a local mall or any school football games. im disheartened
0	@RossKemp great programme tonight #sad #upsetting #extremeworld
0	My friends tell me I'm pretty. Trigger tells my I'm ugly. I first was confused but then realised I'm both. Pretty ugly. #tru #sad #tumblr
0	But when my mom told me yesterday that it was looking grim and I started driving out there, I was told to turn around b/c she was too sick
0	Isn't the whole 'it's been hijacked' argument the same argument used to ban or discourage the display of the St George's Cross? Shame @LBC
0	I don't want the pity of my instructors but I'd like some understanding. I'm truly trying despite ALL circumstances that make me discouraged
0	@MHChat #mhchat Childhood experiences inform adult relationships. We have associative memories Not a question of ability to process #sadness
0	If Payet goes either in Jan or @ the seasons end, can't say I blame him. The boy must b so disheartened by what he's seeing at the mo.
0	@laureeenwillam can't cope wi her sour face and tiny pout 😡😡
0	There's many things I don't care about, and many things I do that I don't speak on because it's such a heaviness even when released...
0	@knology has providing customers w/equipment that doesn't deliver speeds of internet services that they have been charging.  #scam
0	@happyandbashful Flirt, simper, pout, repeat. Yuck.
0	@el_tityboi bc it's a gloomy day Tony
0	@rupindxr my heart actually sunk looooool I was so confused
0	@jack_haug_lifty @eable It's Ms btw. we were lied to by Remain. dry your remainer tears; Just accept you #lost
0	i cant stop. i finished - dejected. luckily no one is in the bathroom. so i go to a stall and wait until my pants are dry.
0	I wonder what would happen if I were a father. #weary
0	@AmyMek this is so absurd I could laugh right now (if I also didn't feel like crying for the future of our country). #despair #wakeupcall
0	@MxJackMonroe I couldn't get on with it either. Bits started drooping that shouldn't droop. GP said mooncup alone to blame.
0	@TaylaStJames it happens and Vegas isn't the only origin thats prevelant #sadly
0	I'll just have to #eat my way to #sobriety. This'll be a hell of a journey back to #sober
0	When you have 15 doe run the opposite side of you 🙁
0	@Theshadeshit91 \nOh, I'm sorry about it, do not be sad yourself there is nothing important in the world to grieve about it
0	Because of 'failure of delivery on time', a customer has to pay 16K rupees more! - Not good @tiagotatamotors @TataMotors #unhappy
0	@everton_de_leon @sterushton Genuinely grim stuff. Over a century of history sold off by some porn baron twats for a minty new stadium. Urgh
0	It's sad when your man leaves work a little bit late and your worst fear is 'Oh no!! Did he get stopped by the police?!?! '  #ourworld
0	@CCTakato at least in crystal every part of it is portrayed as being WRONG, the dark atmosphere, the fact that mamoru is brainwashed
0	Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober.. #tunechi
0	@RevTrevK @Wolfman93011 @Daraidernation @EROCKhd Take 2k out of it the numbers on madden are low and have dropped and people are unhappy
0	I have no clue where my charger is... #lost
0	@JohnRMoffitt This is the most grim piece of laughter I was stricken with all day.
0	Some moving clips on youtube tonight of the vigil held at Tulsa Metropolitan Baptist church for #TerenceCruther #justice #anger #sadness
0	Having a nail half hanging off is absolutely fucking grim, even with my acrylic holding it on 😷😷
0	Lost: Geelong football team. \nLast seen entering through the banner not sure where they've been since... #unhappy #playwithsomeheart
0	@deshbhakthoon always unhappy and easily offended.
0	What a sad day...1st day of Fall...I don't dislike Fall...I just LOVE Summer #FirstDayofFall #goodbyesummer #sadness #bathingsuitsforever
0	@tgshepherdvan I'm not there yet. Hasn't sunk in yet. Rest up.
0	Awareness of time is awareness of time lost. #awareness #time #lost
0	@ImpugnValkyrie *I frown and cup your cheeks in my hands after you step aside.* Angela I care about you. And I don't know how else I can -
0	Gonna be a loooooong year as a Browns fan. Longer than normal and that's #sad
0	@TalesofanAlfa @David_Milloy \nI like your thinking...but sadly no - that's the shed 😢
0	When the sadness leaves you broken in your bed, I will hold you in the depths of your despair, and it's all in the name of love 🎶
0	Theyve substituted the hood for a badge and gun.' Public opinion is indictment of Charlotte police. #dark #sadtimes #america #race
0	@MCFCDenver doing the exact same minus the beer sadly
0	i miss the guy who always make me sulk
0	Let us not burden our remembrances with a heaviness that's gone.\n- William Shakespeare (1564-1616)\n#forge ahead.
0	Cause fail or pass I refuse to be sober
0	@eehbahmum WHY?! Did they want to make you plummet in to the depths of despair??
0	@NewYorker @donlemon Trump presidency-a dark age for the USA and the world. He would most definitely take us to war. Short &amp; Long term pain
0	So unbelievably discouraged with music as of late. Incredibly behind on Completing my album. Not digging this at all.
0	Hennessey - dreadful. Mutch - is he even on the pitch? Fryers - out of his depth unfortunately. #CPFC
0	if you're unhappy with someone just fucking tell them you're unhappy and leave. Don't go fuckin around with other people on the side
0	conflicting reports on mama #RitaMarley health,mannn and i woke up today feeling like mi ole self(rejoice!!)now dis #sadness
0	How can you blame the manager watching these players play? It's abysmal. Our team are dreadful. If Jose can't save us. No-one can.  #mufc
0	The Sorrow is grim reminder of how bad I can be at video games and how I could get a bit too trigger happy at times. RIP #MGS3
0	Im kind of confused.  The one thing i do right now has a great future, but on the other hand so does the new thing . #lost #needhelp
0	@V_of_Europe @ckolacia MSM relentlessly saying DT can't win to: depress GOP turnout &amp; provide cover 4 stolen election!
0	The voice is all about Miley and Alicia this year. No longer about the contestants. #sad @thevoice
0	@chocorobos I have this one so I'm not so sad.. but wtf
0	Right i may be an #sufc fan and the football maybe shit but marcos rojo for #mufc has had a shocking start he's just dreadful
0	I get discouraged because I try for 5 fucking years a contact with Lady Gaga but are thousands of tweets, how she would see my tweet? :(
0	@big_SL8 Show some respect, that's all...  If u havent go to war u cant say anything.. U havent lost friends and mates on war, so Ahut it!!
0	Had to give up on The Blue Guitar, couldn't stand main character. Sort of skim-read to the end which got grim and unsettling . . . 1/2
0	First a coat. Now a pair of sunglasses. Next it'll be a limb. #lost
0	Some of these people at this protest are just there for the adrenaline rush. #depressing
0	whenever i pout i just want Adrian to appear and tell me to stop pouting or else
0	And there is despair underneath each and every action \nEach and every attempt to pierce the armour of numbness ' -Mgla
0	Please bear with me, I'm not Twitter savvy😝 in real life I'm a Facebook person. Help me gain followers 🤓#blog #selfhelp #depression
0	she's always so insensitive whenever i grieve idgi
0	@stevesingiser @POLITICO_Steve Put a damper on my mood.
0	We lost
0	@FantasyGuruSite I knew you were going to do that. I would definitely buy if I didn't live in Texas where you can't play DFS. ... so depress
0	Romero is fucking dreadful like seriously my 11 month old is better than him.
0	One step forward, two steps backward, the link to RogerFedererShop doesn´t work.😰 I am losing hope about Roger Federer new Website #sadness
0	My friends tell me I'm pretty. Trigger tells my I'm ugly. I first was confused but then realised I'm both. Pretty ugly. #tru  #tumblr
0	From what I know of the man, I have to assume that @realDonaldTrump has had a heated argument with his own penis. #sad
0	@DoubleEph sadly his best days are behind him
0	@groovydadad @MHChat 🙂ty I often conflate the two depression + sadness, but they are very different. This q reminded me of that #mhchat
0	Don't let the behavior of others destroy ur inner peace.' -Dalai Lama @OWNTV #healing #depression #anxiety #intuition #meditation #book
0	@AerLingus #business class #Los Angeles to Dublin #destroyed luggage #60 day customer response time #unhappy customer
0	@JlKelly1 @FJ_Berry I've got #teampaella presents on their way for you and Fi but I don't think they'll arrive by Saturday sadly!! ;)
0	stg I been in pine bluff all morning and to piss me off even more, my damn shoes came in as a size 4!!!!!! I KNOW I SAID 6🙄🙄🙄🙄 FML
0	@Ashleyavitia_ don't leave me
0	@PaulJonMilne too grim, too insanely, determined to hurt you from
0	@comicfire The thing is, it's either I be unproductive and unhappy, or deal with some videos that do badly.
0	@keyshamackie it's fucking dreadful for live footy matches
0	Eating an egg is grim, you are eating the material embodiment of a fart and an unborn chick
0	you never call me when your sober
0	come on let's make em hate 😘make em pout they face 👿😩.
0	@Jacqueline_69 haha! She did well today. I can't get beyond her pout annoying me I'm afraid.
0	Hope was an instinct only the reasoning human mind could kill. An animal never knew despair.
0	Patti seems so sad. She stamped and ran behind the sofa. We will have to give her plenty of love and affection...more than usual.
0	Dylon felt dejected. He has a dejected aunt!
0	Two blankets, a hoody, and still no Eternal Sunshine to mope to.
0	Once I have sent a pitch to a brand I close all tabs relevant to them instantly. Thats the kind of detachment I create for myself. #serious
0	Nature looks a lot greener on gloomy dayz
0	@JamesWickham Congratulations!  My top home-owning tip: try not to look at your mortgage balance too often.  The slowness will depress you.
0	The new lock sound is grim
0	Nothings #Working-you're feeling your life's on The Edge_Could go either way #lost all reason for #Living-JesusChristHealsSavesASK #fatloss
0	@khloe_speaks sad music
0	Think Val might be going this week. I'll have to take the rest of the week off work to mourn. I'm sure they'll understand. #GBBO
0	3 weeks into the course and have had the kitchen sink thrown at me, I m still pulling knives and forks out of my ears
0	Gaaaaaaaad! Should have stayed in London!
0	@marksandspencer Where has your 50% grapefruit squash gone,not been able to get for weeks #unhappy
0	I mourn the creativity lost.
0	@Jinath_Hyder I can't have alcohol on it, sadly, but it only flares up under very specific circumstances so I just need to be more careful
0	Add Donte Moncrief to my dismal situation #blessed.
0	Shoutout to the drunk man on the bus who pissed in a bottle and on the seats #grim
0	U know u have too much on ur mind when u find yourself cleaning a stove and kitchen by yourself  at almost 3am...  #pensive
0	@TxDMV @ArkansasBBB i filled out the report on #baitswitch by @Carvana lets go get them fines levied. #badbusiness #honoryourdeal #unhappy
0	Itching something #serious RN haven't slept but considering taking like 6 Benadryl for a 20 min nap I am itching SO BADLY wow
0	@TVsCarlKinsella They're such garbage. Obviously I like that they suck but it's still grim to watch.
0	For a team as big as Bayern and the they like to play football, their pitch is fucking dreadful. Certainly no Emirates pitch anyway.
0	Angry shouting match between a #pessimist &amp; an #optimist:\n'You're a half empty-headed @%$!' \n'You're half full of @%$!'
0	*Still waits for Yang. Guess she really needs her sleep or something. Kittens feeling kinda dejected right now.* #Offline
0	@OnesOwnGrief Just a shame his world was gloom from day one almost.Though it makes sense he'd have the whole part hydra,part s.h.i.e.l.d(c)
0	How do u grieve someone who legally wasn't a person yet?
0	It's so gloomy outside. I wish it was as cold as it looked
0	@British_Airways #lost #bag #stillwaiting go home in2days. DM'd you my info and have rung 9times a day. What more can I do? #wheresmybag
0	When you saw a t-shirt with the phrase 'My mind is a dangerous place to be' and you would like to buy, but in Italy don't sell it. #sadness
0	My nephew sees that i have a frown on my face and he tells me 'you're  beautiful '!😢💞😩
0	Trying to take what's lost and broken and make it right
0	@LondonMidland #dobetter only two carriages on 14:49 Birmingham to Hereford no room to stand anymore Friday commute #unhappy
0	It's become a verb. 'I'm gonna Villaseñor all those old contacts I don't need anymore.' #sadness @melissavcomedy #waitingforexplanation
0	@HillaryClinton @TheDemocrats It's ok 2 be disgusted or dishearten with presidential race but don't let that stop u from voting IT MATTERS
0	5am blues while riding a cab home:\n- my belly is much bigger than the rest of my body\n- but i couldnt be preggy\n- how to lose it in a day
0	Ill say it again. If I was a Black man Id be afraid to leave my house or have a moving violation.\n\n #TerranceCrutcher #truth
0	@narcissusheiyan  maybe it'd have been different if I stayed for sixth form? But still, the oppressive architecture, uninteresting people
0	@WYSdaily I'm confident they will NEVER experience our successes of last 50yrs. Best they can hope for is to be another Bournemouth #sad
0	What's good is that we already hit rock bottom, even though I'm about two more seasons away from new depths of despair. #playoffs? #NJDevils
0	Absolutely can not believe the generosity pouring out for us, but Id give everything I have for Nick to be healthy and happy. #lost
0	i got his bitch depress
0	@Groupon_UK who do I contact about a shocking experience with Clear Sky Holidays booked through you guys?? #customerservicefail #dreadful
0	@cotsonika @NHL well, they should all be unhappy for the way they played.  Right @fmjacob ??
0	@simslover163 I guess it must be really expensive... For me it's that the whole family stayed in Poland, so I really miss them...
0	Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.  Sydney J. Harris
0	untypical kinda Friday #dull
0	My oldest cat pisses me off. She's always been weary of Kennen (senile kinda), but recently shes been sweet. Until she attacked and bit him.
0	@WestermannNina xDD it's a song that can not be weary (?)
0	Feels grim not having your nails done
0	How could such a crooked,stuck up,delusional,dim&amp; #dark hearted dud be surprised losing&amp;prob also ppl won't let their crimes drop! #nwo imo
0	That AK47 leave your spine with a frown
0	a good shorty has so much to offer &amp; it's sad that some of you niggas don't even see it when she right in front of your face and too late
0	@theJeremyVine Noel Edmonds reckons a cat he's talking to is stressed because of the uncertainty over #GBBO future!?!? #plot #lost
0	One way ticket to the blues.
0	@SWP_Roads   How dull.
0	@thehill George H. Establishment is unhappy Trump's campaign branded his son low-energy, but he could not have beaten the others either.
0	Marcus Roho is dreadful
0	Im kind of confused.  The one thing i do right now has a great future, but on the other hand so does the new thing .  #needhelp
0	Finished writing my second book tonight. #somber #sad #youpromised #havemercy #author #writer #needpublisher #beingedited #workingonsidebook
0	@ArcadianLuthier -- taking out his feelings on Kei unfairly. His lips form a frown as he tries to walk away.
0	@DeltaAssist Tried 2 get earlier flt 2day  @BWI Turnd away bcuz it was 2 late Then agent let other pas on #silvereliteleftbehind
0	Thank God she warned me before I walked to that sink cause lord knows I would've been sick to my stomach and would've wanted to sue lbvfs
0	So now... yeah. I'm home again.\nStill feeling mixed up inside &amp; kinda gloomy. But a little more optimistic that I'll figure this out.
0	penny dreadful just cleaved off a fraction of my heart
0	@fitzstockcharts Gundlach calling for rounding top, doom and gloom, 15% down move
0	Everything is far away because time is short, no rest for the weary.
0	@chelseafc let them know it's the #blues
0	We want to help you with your #depression. Give our office a call to learn how #TMS may be the treatment you've been waiting for!
0	@AliceGoodman17 i dunno, I'm getting less of the spacious lovely autumnal melancholy from our present apocalypse
0	Got paid to vacuum up rat poop. (-: never a dull day in the biology department ...
0	#Terencecutcher #Tulsa the man onthe helicopter said he looks like a bad dude, that is the problem, when they see black they see bad,
0	@pandaflo22 We are sadden by this because we always strive to bring the best service to our customer. We will always be here for you. CM
0	Someone needs to tell Candice she'll be stuck with that shitty pout if the wind changes. #GBBO
0	When health insurance won't cover TMS but they let me know they cover ECT #mentalhealth #psychology  #TMS #ECT
0	@PurpleReplisol meden is frowning at you with her non existent face
0	@realDonaldTrump negative campaign of doom and gloom don't win elections
0	if you have been on depression too u shouldn't be judging him and exposing him to everyone, but helping him
0	@mattwruff sadly there is constitutional RIGHT to have abortion. Yet there is constitutional RIGHT to life. Safety net protects those rights
0	@HeyCaraJay I am inconsolable at this GIF in context
0	@StarklyDark 'Come here. Come on. Into my arms. I'm not going anywhere, Tony, I swear.' Steve told him, quiet and solemn.
0	Lisa: Getting what you want all the time will ultimately leave you unfulfilled and joyless.
0	@harowe this sad truth!
0	@questlove when are people going to realize that these 'riots' are just perpetuating hate. Saying you're going to boycott a city!?! #lost
0	Don't wanna go to work but I want the money
0	@ManUtd Rooney needs to come off! Absolutely dreadful! 🙈🙈🙈 class goal from @carras16 @carras16 showing why he should be in the team!!
0	Y'all tune into Snapchat for Beans funereal
0	At my funeral, when they close the casket, I want them to play, 'Call recording has completed.'' -@GlenEwing #lost #podcasting #talkshoe
0	@RyhenMessedUp goodbye despair
0	Ffs dreadful defending
0	@raylewis name change Uncle Remus Lewis #foh #theydontlikeyoueither #lost #unwoke
0	the waitress recognised me from last time i was in there moping, after my interview haha
0	What day is it #lost
0	Has anyone noticed that @npr stories in recent days all paint positive accomplishments for Trump and challenges for Hillary? #surprised #sad
0	@ChibiReviews Post series depression can be quite bad, but it will get better, I bet someone will pick the novel soon in the west.
0	@iTriborg — make him feel vigorous. 'Fine. You can kill me now.' Said Hestia with a display of only despair rather than her joyful —
0	236:416 While she was in her dull and sleeping hour,\nA crew of patches, rude mechanicals,\n#AMNDBots
0	The 2nd step to beating #anxiety or #depression is realising that it's not about waiting for ...., Take action yourself now.
0	@SimonSSSJ123 @EllieG10853 @Onision @Eugenia_Cooney he sure as hell helped me with my depression and still does
0	@jccrocker #CharlotteProtest do u #wait 4 the facts #video or do u #hate now ask questions later  #protest #PoliceShootings #suggestions
0	@Nataliem55 sadly, war has often been the factor that jump starts US economic growth
0	@GrimsToyShow grim what the fuck going on with these dame fucking clowns takeing the gameing channel if I had a way to nj I would delete
0	Leeds surely to drop the prices for that cup tie, rather than the dismal attendance last night..
0	@greencapt there's something to note in the fact that the mask manufacturer produced her smiling and him frowning.
0	The word happiness would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
0	@TouchPH  The solution is to punish the criminals. That's the only way to discourage crime. or the circle will continue.
0	@KristenWACamera I really enjoyed both episodes. I had a bit of a gloomy day today but I feel a sense of inspiration from listening.
0	1Pet 4:7  But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore #sober, and #watch unto prayer
0	@aidanparr haha!! No, sorry was it too grim even for you?! It disturbed me &amp; im starting to lose all trust in Twitter generally!!
0	Literally had a guy (a some-would-say-successful guy) tell me 'this ship will sail' kay guy, first, you're working with a sub, last, it sunk
0	@RaveenElexiis I fought a racist girl and she stayed in GAVC so if you get kicked out I call BS
0	How brave are the young individuals that have opened up to us about their #depression and #anxiety to help raise awareness!! @beyondblue
0	Just rough situations all around for Schalke and Werder Bremen to start the campaign. Bremen dashed late with a new manager. Both with 0.
0	Don't blame yourself,' he spoke, as if she were in the room, kicking the chair beneath him.\n#amwriting #dark
0	@ActualFlatticus @veggie64_leslie @mtracey Call me a pessimist, but I don't think therapy can fix whatever is wrong with Anthony Weiner.
0	November #canola lost $5.50 to $464.20 per tonne.
0	@ticcikasie1 With a frown, she let's out a distraught 'Gardevoir' saying that she wishes she had a trainer
0	Brad Pitt being investigated for child abuse?! this all just got really #dark
0	Bare videos online but does anyone get rehabilitated? Does anyone actually get help for their affliction? Or do we jut get twitter videos.
0	Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. \n― Ernest Hemingway #quote
0	[My teeth were sunk down into the vein of the poor woman who had 'accidentally' had a small problem with her engine, just outside of --
0	@lebara - worst possible decision I could have made when arriving in the UK. Shocking service. Poor coverage.
0	lost my 244 day snapchat streak i'm done
0	@ReserveHinata tend to them he's going to get infections. \n\nHe's frowning and looking down as he does this. \nIt must hurt damn.]
0	@EmotionalLimine you're sadly mistaken if you think I'd make a tweet for an isolated comment by a random twitter user.
0	@ATTCares why do I have 2 wait 48 hours to call YOU back to cancel an order I JUST placed after already spending 2 hours on the phone?!
0	i stopped watching gotham cause they dropped off tabitha and barb's relationship and made her pine after the main
0	@_JuliaSteiner : I liked that she was not moping around in all of the episode. She had a moment of emotional weakness, felt sorry about -
0	@WYSdaily I'm confident they will NEVER experience our successes of last 50yrs. Best they can hope for is to be another Bournemouth
0	Never leave me alone with my credit card. Nope nope mope.
0	@SandraTXAS @6bird4 @CajunKangaroo @justanavywife please. Or you could be clouded by your passion. Emotion leads you from the truth.
0	The horrible puns for the day have been made. I shall return to my cage in a dark corner by myself while crying &amp; laughing hysterical now.
0	My house isnt always a mess but when it is, its when i have friends coming #mess #serious #twitter #problem #like #friends #filthy #home
0	“We can easily #forgive a #child who is #afraid of the #dark; the real #tragedy of #life is when #men are #afraid of the #light.”–Plato
0	@DxfyingGrxvity - that were rather forlorn, scanning the witches house before resting back on Elphie. 'The Grimmerie is gone.'
0	@FacMagnaAmerica  #CureForInsomnia And the left said WE were all doom &amp; gloom. The Trump Train is so much more fun!
0	History repeating itself..GAA is our culture how dare anyone think it's ok to discourage any Irish person from attending any match or final
0	Mayor visits downtrodden part o town in brave PR stunt. More at eleven.
0	went to Pet Supplies Plus tonight but @neitzkeamara was not working I feel #lost and #confused
0	@mik61scot @longshankseddie @ROSAZAMBONINI @YouTube I thought it was because she once sunk her teeth into something that's meant 2b sooked
0	@VivYau is it all doom and gloom? I only want to hear lovely things about airbnb!
0	@ynnsanity Maybe that's why, we're asked to study hard and get a job that we like. That way it wouldn't be that dreadful.
0	@Cpt_SRogers_\n'Well it can go one of two ways. You either get over it and accept it, because it's not going to change, or you mope about --
0	@CarrieLynne2323 totally get it. When you've said no to donuts 13 times one week and lost 0.3 lbs you get discouraged! But it's not linear 😘
0	You don't know how to love me when you're sober #sober #selenagomez #revival
0	@SkyNews err I wasnt gloomy.  17.2 mio people were not gloomy only #remain were #Brexit
0	@coalese 😂😂😂. Sure half these stars get together,break up,have affairs,let porn vids slip out,fight,ect etc all to up there ratings. #sad 😂
0	Im so serious about putting words in my mouth bitch don't add ' the ' to my sentence if I didn't say that shit on bloods
0	@theflabar It's a #foggy and #dark morning here - so #filter this time.  For #lighting purposes. :)
0	What do you do?'\n'You are not worthy enough to know.' #what #serious
0	If a friend lost his/her phone, how long do they have to mourn their lost phones before you ask for their earpiece?
0	@LucidBurrito Doesnt do it to anyone else, he literally pulled me into the office cause someone complained I spit in the sink yesterday
0	Why doesn't anybody I know watch penny dreadful? ☹️️
0	Am a very old person I can't handle some stuff....lol I just left her there.... Get back to me when you're sober
0	@BTS_twt people have so much negativity filled inside them but im always happy that in such a gloomy world someone like u exists Namjoon
0	. @UNFCCC @uncclearn The problem is the time it has taken to do this means its going to be out of date already. #sadly
0	Trying to think positive, and not let this situation discourage me ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
0	Candice on great british bake off with that pout does my head in 👊🏻🙄
0	@BBCSport too dull for the UK.
0	@LazyBoiSam blues... blues? 🤔
0	Sometimes I think the British political landscape is desolate and then I look over at the foaming wasteland of the US and think we're OK
0	@kikibug13 Don't look. You'll only be very, very unhappy. \n\n(NNGH. I got the email notif THANK YOU.)
0	Positive thoughts on these gloom cloudy days
0	When you're on a train as its pitch black outside and you have no idea where you are... #travel #whereami #lost #adventure
0	@Ren102e906 Just do what you can, don't get discouraged, maybe some prayers for divine intervention to help you would help :)
0	@Janet_Reid Wonderful post! Novelists shouldn't be discouraged by rejection, but they usually are because their work is so personal.
0	Cheap pout my brodcast
0	So I tried to give her time to sober up, while waiting at the our friend's house. 2 hours later, gal wake up out her nap to vomit again.
0	@alisontis otherwise you're committing a crime against your soul only sober ppl know what is good or bad for themselves
0	@rickygervais my first time in Slough so checked out the new station floor #sad #LifeOnTheRoad
0	Niggas murking in each other. In murky water, I try to swim.
0	@talkRobyn oh dear I have to watch this the woman with the pout did well
0	As I lost my heart to you there in the dark.. Underneath the stars 🎧
0	It's dark
0	$FOGO max pessimism here and no bottom (yet).  Has a solid PE ratio for a restaurant.  Let's catch it at 8 level or 10 level if it comes.
0	@ThatWhiteSoxFan @tbtrill not as sad as the White Sox playing record ;)
0	@BeeTuppy We're sorry to hear about the issues and how this is making you feel. We don't like to hear our customers being unhappy :-( We
0	and naoto nod she also like tha bands. but she also frown. 'Will the bands 'Papa Roach' be at concert...?'
0	@delhi_lawyer @BhagwanUvach @ShivAroor sad . This is not film story. Who knows could be ploy to escalate tension. Unverified report no hype
0	@Samkingftw nahh thats grim
0	It's my last week at CN! I'm gonna be sad to leave, but this will also be my first planned break since going into animation!
0	@AdamAaronovich Well, there's no need to sulk. You can always request a song, you know.
0	@BonesARP 'That is a disappointment.'\n\nHe fakes a pout, then starts to chuckle.
0	Shoutout to the drunk man on the bus who pissed in a bottle and on the seats
0	LORD MAKE ME AN INSTRUMENT OF YOUR PEACE — Where there's hate, let me sow love — Where there's injury, pardon — Where there's despair, hope
0	@VileBairn Turning then, the older woman looked at Sybil with a most somber expression. \n\n“She ran away from me. But I cannot blame her.”
0	An hour played and @ASFCofficial have conceded less at West ham than @ManUtd have at northampton.  Let that sink in.
0	some people leave toilets in fucking grim states
0	@jeremycorbyn @magstogether my god is @jeremycorbyn a full shilling? Seriously you need a major rethink or no lab gove in your lifetime
0	NL's top bureaucrat is a director of a group formed to oppose NL's top megaproject. #nlpoli - never dull
0	@jwonder81 @MacadamionNut well of course.Progress for the sake of progress must be discouraged. The problem is the substance of the rhetoric
0	Already plotting next steps if I get cut off by the same minivan in tomorrow's drop-off line. #preschoolpolitics #momthings #serious
0	The Sunderland time line is quite funny with all the doom &amp; gloom in facing us and the long trip to us midweek. #whatgoesaroundcomesaround
0	@Gsmsbooksrus @goodreads 'so shines a good deed in a weary world' Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
0	Like keep grinding boy your life can change in one year, and even when it's dark out the sun is shining somewhere...'
0	@EllenMellon_88 Got #mybrokenfoot running Great North Run, can't wait to run again in a few months time - be mostly dark then! #ukrunchat
0	Awareness of time is awareness of time lost. #awareness #time
0	the ending of how I met your mother is dreadful
0	@JoyceCarolOates \nBreath. You are trending despondent. Mrs Clinton will win. If you keep your gloves on, guard up, and punch like hell.
0	@A_RockasThe U.S. has added years to the Syrian conflict by arming the 'rebel' army. You would think that Iraq had sunk in with Kerry.
0	When we are weak &amp; in despair, our Mighty God is near;He will give us strength &amp; joy &amp; hope, &amp; calm our inner fear, just have faith &amp; trust.
0	Been working in Blanchardstown shopping centre for over 2 years now and I only figured out today where Marks &amp; Spencer's is #lost
0	#vinb I'm alot more interested in hearing bout differences between parties political ideologies. Parties murky origins r irrefutable #vinb
0	Higginbotham's flippant dismissal of any worries around Carrick's lack of pace is dismal. Against nimble midfielders Carrick will be exposed
0	Flight 815 crashed on The Lost Island 2004 #lost @JoshuaJThurston
0	@littlebakaa @AlcohoIPorn give me a smiling emoticon will ya? i dont like the idea of you frowning &gt;.&lt;
0	The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.'\n-Mark Twain
0	@DaltonRapattoni sadly i have to go to bed now don't announce anything while i'm gone thank u i love you
0	@MSNBC @fox @cnn @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton. Using fear to state his views. Not getting the facts before making a serious statement???
0	Marcos rojo plays for man united !!  Just let that sink in !!!
0	Sometimes people leave you halfway through the wood. Do not let it grieve you, no one leaves for good. #youarenotalone #nooneisalone
0	i lost my wallet lol.... again....
0	What's a Kali's kitten? [She asked, a frown curling on her fair skinned forehead as he showed her the scar] A cat did - (@ScarredTiger)
0	@ksmitely @CitizenMeh I feel strongly that we need to work together to right this dreadful wrong.
0	@raylewis name change Uncle Remus Lewis #foh #theydontlikeyoueither  #unwoke
0	Sister: (Canadian player does something shady.) Jonathan Toews is frowning and he doesn't know why. #WorldCupOfHockey
0	Candice's pout gets more preposterous by the week. This week it's gone a bit Jack Nicholson's Joker. #GBBO
0	@MHChat #mhchat Childhood experiences inform adult relationships. We have associative memories Not a question of ability to process
0	@TehShockwave turn that grumpy frown upside-down\n\nYou did something next to impossible today
0	I have serious problems with the expectation that private philanthropy should replace functional government services...this is dangerous
0	@LidlUK Just bought a pack of two medallion beef steaks. Got home. Cooked them. One steak is 100% pork. I had one unhappy mother. 🐮🐷
0	Hopefully next time we play a L1 team, 1 of the players scores, takes his shirt off &amp;jumps into away end purely to wind up the joyless cunts
0	Life's too short to be frowning for so long
0	A Leopard never changes its spots! #lost
0	In need of a serious nap rn
0	Sky news still pushing the Brexit gloom line, managing to ignore the fact it's simply not happening. 'But in the future.....'
0	@DrSRSheikh: And who asked you to gate crash with your dumb idiosyncrasies when sober people are analyzing a situation!\n@BanoBee @AK_Forty7
0	A pessimist is someone who, when opportunity knocks, complains about the noise.
0	@lee_family5 @USAneedsTRUMP @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump You can't be serious. This man practices no religion. Only in church campaignin
0	@JohnWildy71 something, too confused to type an entire word 😜 See, I can laugh again. My hour of sadness has almost passed
0	@jenhasonen it is supposed to be #dark and #gritty though
0	This pretentious dick in Night Gallery just fucking, used a towel to dry off his sink
0	That's me for the evening, though! Way too lit to finish these off properly without causing some serious mischief.
0	Interview preparation, I hate talking about myself, one dull subject matter! #yawnoff
0	@duncantrussell does Remo Williams ever actually 'save' anyone or does he just sulk around killing random undesirables ?
0	@JoaquinPutoAmo vas a ir al de the amaity affliction?
0	@Fatumoriginal there's no sitcom better! If u can't laugh at Sheldon or Leonard then u are sober for real! No two ways about it
0	“The immense importance of football is sometimes scary. When you don’t win you are responsible for so many unhappy people.” - Arsene Wenger
0	Kudos to TC for benching Bruce. He isn't helping the team, so he rides pine. We have games to win. Discussion over. #Mets
0	People want me to go pine ridge, little wound or Oelrichs. Starting to think about transferring but I wanna stay at cloud. Decisions man.
0	Cam cannot be serious with that IG post and that stupid ass font he uses. Would've been better to just say nothing.
0	@VosachResrus ^'ll just #wobble carry you #sink
0	No episode today! Whilst editing there was a power outage! We will rebuild...tomorrow #podcast #lost #editing #fail #tomorrow
0	@10carley what a sulky pants!
0	Seeing something that hurt so much in the past in front of me now and not a single sign of grieve. Magicalllll.  ✨
0	I'm done with your piano, blues playing, smooth talking ass. On to the nexttt
0	were sat in my sat room cloved watchin Manchester Unide @ManUtd v Norffampton do you fink but @WayneRooney is still goal fret at iced level
0	It is a solemn thing, and no small scandal in the Kingdom, to see God’s children starving while seated at the Father’s table. -AW Tozer
0	Hey @AppleSupport - how do I find my play history on new #ios10 #appleMusic #music #lost
0	Do not grow weary in doing good. The treadlines are better than deadlines.' @billclinton #CGI2016
0	Fellaini has been playing ahead of this guy...just let that sink in
0	@SatansLezzie @gehrig38 @joesmith12431 @ejamesl I think he was huffing that pine tar they use for bat gripping.
0	Gonna be a loooooong year as a Browns fan. Longer than normal and that's
0	@RossKemp great programme tonight  #upsetting #extremeworld
0	Just told me wife there was a chance it would be 2 Sydney teams in AFL grand final. Her response: 'there's two SYDNEY AFL teams?' #serious
0	@MoneyJay901 hard to tell in your pic. My mistake then. Either way, nothing I said initially was about race. U took it there.  #ignorant
0	Floofel.i wonder if your mother knows how dark your humor can be.Needs to realize how much of a butt Apple is. Pastels and cats.cutie pie.
0	Damn gud #premiere #LethalWeapon...#funny and #serious
0	@sundersays made me laugh, that quote. In a sort of rueful way.
0	But When it come to a serious situation, I be glad I gave it deep thought 💯
0	All this doom and gloom! We scored from open play again! And only conceded two this time. #progress they means a 1-1 draw on Saturday for me
0	Contactless affliction kart are the needs must regarding the psychological moment!: xbeUJGB
0	@LBardugo Start w/ the 3 songs in Blue Neighborhood\n1) Wild\n2)Fools\n3)Talk Me down 😭😭for #Wesper\nAlso,\n4)Too Good.  #serious kaz/inej feelz
0	the grave of a beat, a bravehearted cave lover, cage lover, sage #lover who made #soup of you, twisted to spoony #melancholy, spikes, spices
0	Like, 'loon attic'. Luckily it quickly sunk in that it was the wrong pronunciation, but I still couldn't stop saying it. It just stuck.
0	I'm onto you, @Sargon_of_Akkad, I know you secretly pine for a masculine order, objective morality, and disciplined transcendent pursuits.
0	Some Erykah Badu to sedate me 💕
0	@MarGraham I am practically obsessed with it, the very thought of their departure makes me feel both melancholic and grateful.  Safe journey
0	Don't get discouraged when simple minds don't see your vision
0	#ThankYouCGI - Do not grow weary in doing good. #CGI2016
0	@jodikantor @nytimes only if YOU will pay for them and YOU will be responsible for them and their doings. #sober #real #blind
0	I'm too sober time to get shit faced
0	I don't want perfect. It's too boring and dull.
0	@LacesUntied_ yea lol catchy you fret
0	@TimewarpArcade @tenpencearcade Do you really have to pedal like a nutter to get anywhere? I remember it being more sedate.
0	AQW should've always stayed in the 08 art style, now it's just a competition to create more detailed art each time.
0	Pops are joyless, soulless toys which look nearly identical.  They are the perfect expression of consumerism.  'I enjoy this franchise'
0	@DinoHyogi Hakyeon takes all the attention happily, perching on Wonshik's shoulder to sulk when Jaehwan accidentally caused a tiny explosion
0	@m_giacchino will this be aired on radio or filmed? Lots of fans over the pond too! #wales #lost
0	there are #serious #chinks in #India’s #armour'\n#protein\n#malnutrition\n#feedingIndia\n#skillingIndia\n#cognitive #deficit\n@Abhijit_Iyer
0	From what I know of the man, I have to assume that @realDonaldTrump has had a heated argument with his own penis.
0	Standard Candice starting the show with a pout #startasyoumeantogoon #GBBO
0	@shopgreenwich #ldf16 what shall we do this weekend?  #spraypainting in #greenwichmarket with @SNUB23 #core246 #lilylou #fret &amp; #benoakley
0	@MendipHillsAONB do we think the swallows and swifts have gone? Photo'd 3 nights ago, not seen since.  #Autumn
0	@patthemanager how could I work with @chancetherapper . ? #serious
0	@marielleblaine8 @princesskeilani I told pine I didn't want it so I didn't have to have it
0	Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved. ― Mark Twain
0	Now they fret about scuffs. I’ll take scuffs (which…come in) for a phone I can use wet handed or drop in a toilet any day.
0	So @JeffProbst those of us born in 85 have no generation! Where is the gen-less tribe! Ha! #survivor #lost soles
0	@MarianKeyes maybe he had constipation issues..? Not that I KNOW dates relieve such an affliction! No way jose!
0	Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. - Sydney J. Harris
0	Learning how to use twitter #lost
0	@TheRandomAnt @meg_m203 yeah, they figured that ornaments are way more wanted than spektar and desolate gear. Well they thought right.
0	Corbyn loses and I walk up to a crying Corbyn supporter and whisper\n\n'Don't mourn. Organise'\n\nAnd laugh and laugh
0	@Netflix_ME penny dreadful season 3?
0	#Always #borrow #money from a #pessimist. He won't #expect it #back.
0	-- used as a pawn in this red woman's game] For now, try not to fret and act as if nothing is amiss. This is a royal -- @TheLadyOfGlenco
0	@_noTORIEty lol senior year we would get early dismal for work study ,he was her boss and you know what happened next 🙃
0	In serious need of a nap
0	@rihaBabyJ Aw no problem. I just felt like speaking because I felt the same before and I want you to overcome it and not be discouraged. :)
0	@janhopis I found the first few episodes of Bojack incredibly funny. Then it got less funny but I stayed for the #drama
0	I don't know why everyone is pretending to be sad about angelina and brad, everyone knows his dumb ass should've stayed with jennifer.
0	@IMKristenBell @lauralittlelegs pine nut.... Chestnut....peanut....wait... Wrong film
0	Never switched up, stayed down this the same person since day one.
0	Do not grow weary of doing good' a lasting legacy @billclinton @ClintonGlobal #CGI2016 #thankfulmoment @ProjectThankful
0	And with rich Fumes his sullen sences cheer'd.
0	I told my chiropractor 'I'm here for a good time not a long time' when he questioned my habits and yet again I have unnerved a doctor
0	@Courteoussoul @MattyMcDee I'm at 349 and just decoded 20 or more blues and not one was over 340, where you getting your blues?
0	First weekend of fall; let's see if I can stay disciplined to this seasons goals. #fitness #running #sober #Mindset #firstfriday #family
0	Some #people already talks about #Halloween \nYou'll get some #dark #music to go with it\n#gothic #bloody #HalloweenHorrorNights
0	@KhoroshiySoldat --prepared.\n\n'Not as far as I know.' was her dull reply. 'There are still survivors, members from it. Like I said,-/
0	@BookOfKaells @quennell3_ no blues?!
0	In the name of our Lord &amp; Saviour Harambe we pray, bless all apes across the world.\n\nHear our solemn oaths and pardon sympathetic hominids.
0	@msfang they say you attract what you see, maybe I shouldn't be a pessimist but I don't wanna take any chances lol can't wait to relocate
0	Bro Why pine green forget me nots are mediumpurple pickering is not lit and so on
0	@JonathanHatfull I’ll look forward to it. Hoping for lots of stetson-tilting and rueful looks into whiskey glasses.
0	there’s shaytan in this room wallahi its been dark all the time now the lamp is on!! omg shaytan
0	@UltimateBoxer My heart because you left me for so long again\n\n*slight pout but it turned to a smile*\n\nheheh just kidding, no I'm fine-
0	@Bietron 🤓 dont be sad.. btw good night davina..go sleep larh..
0	Refuge Recovery Boston - Weds 7:30-9 pm. #healing #support #addiction #recovery #buddhism #meditation #sober #cambma #meeting #harvardsq
0	More #checking at #work today\n\n#coffee #drank and now it's #down to some #serious #business \n\n#Thursday bring on #Friday
0	Somehow 90% of the sausage in this pasta I made sunk to the bottom so I'm eating sausage with a tiny bit of leftover pasta
0	@holly_lolly7 I just have serious respect for any man that can pull off a bun better than I can, like maybe they can teach me their ways.
0	Transparency and openness ' is a dull sell for a fans group - want more verbs like buying, defending, building and securing.
0	Has anyone noticed that @npr stories in recent days all paint positive accomplishments for Trump and challenges for Hillary? #surprised
0	No quite sure how Craig Gordon's stayed on the park there !!
0	@courtneymee I'm 3 days sober don't wanna ruin it
0	I wanna see you smile I don't wanna see you make a frown
0	@KurakkuSora he is.\nSure his mind was clouded but...]
0	Snores on TL. Boredom sunk in.
0	Season 3 of penny dreadful is on Netflix...well my afternoon is filled
0	Do not grow weary in doing good.'\n\n-@billclinton
0	@SheilaCustis We don't expect women to be violent &amp; discourage it. It's really about how we're raising our boys.
0	LOL! @TheFrankJLopes was just awarded the “F” bomb trophy on #AutoDealerLive, @RealMatKoenig :) #serious
0	Jay Z and Brad Pitt cheated ..Bey stayed Angie left #cheaters #love #lust #sex #couples #relationships #date #marriage #divorce
0	Carry on my wayward son, there'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more. #Supernatural
0	@Vixen85Webster yep &amp; I stayed in pjs all day too lol x
0	For those of you who I have footage of but didn’t make it into this mix—don’t get discouraged! I ran out of room on the beat this week.
0	@superbatlane it's true also that he doesn't escape until almost all the car sunk
0	ordered my vacation bathing suits. one less thing to fret about.
0	@cardiff_blues @CardiffBluesSC Italy another round lets not drop our play and take it to them with a big result out there guys #blues
0	@GriffinLaneP @Mediaite The Left has been protected so long, they've lost their reasoning power.
0	New job training= too much meat eating! Oh well. Also- got approved to drive for Lyft! Just need a car... #day35 #sober
0	If you sober better roll another Dutch or if u don't smoke nigga better pour another cup 🍁🍾...
0	Just put the winter duvet on ☃️❄️🌬☔️ #serious
0	@TetraVariations I don't need a mask, but I'll gladly make a donation to help in ur name! Is it Mr. TY Rex or first initial only? #serious
0	#sober life
0	need to sta dating again.I m bored #redheadteen #boldandbeautiful #lost #500aday single men dating Schkeuditz
0	@_Mrs_Peel @lp_lisa @PaulRGoulden @LisaLuscious Might be the pout of a star baker tho !
0	Had a dream last night that Chris Brown created a diss track about Drake and Rihanna called 'I Hit It First' 😳😳 #dark
0	I got a short fuse when im sober.
0	Already plotting next steps if I get cut off by the same minivan in tomorrow's drop-off line. #preschoolpolitics #momthings
0	Never let me see you frown
0	@xxnogard_G88 Welcome to the  dark honey !
0	@WriterlyTweets Supine on the piano—lips parted. #sixwordstory #amwriting #blues #singer
0	7 pax enjoyed the #gloom @Clayorangecrush @F3LakeMurray
0	Kinda wanna just book a vacation and go...anyone wanna tag along? #adventure #serious
0	@Cigna bows out for the moment. Rather than sulk, I'm going to @UCSF for an opinion from the guys studying #Oligodendroglioma. ✌️&amp; ❤️ &amp; 🍩's
0	I need a syfy series to watch I literally have nothing to watch back to back. I already watched #heroes #lost #jericho #fallenskies  etc etc
0	@wabermes The @RavalliRepublic had a good one but then the reporter quit.
0	@jaymohr37 droop saw naked wrestling and asked 'What if I get a hole in one?' #jaymohrsports
0	@TheCatHeSay I may be #alwayshungry but I haven't sunk that low yet!! @Thereluctantcat
0	Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted \n                                              Mt 5:4
0	@kelly_welles they were brilliant weren't they? Made me feel v dull not having one. And why no tattoo emoji! This'll have to do... ⚓️ x
0	When tears r inappropriate: 'This day is holy to our Lord. Do not grieve, for the joy of the LORD is your strength.' Nehemiah 8:10 NIV #joy
0	@DefiantSagacity — Hermione in a sort of thank you before sliding his own plate away from him before frowning at Ron as he continued to —
0	Let's get drunk and tell each other things we're afraid to say when we're sober.
0	@chelseafc let them know it's the
0	@FatedDancer ~together.' Hermione  lowered her voice slightly, sounding somewhat  bitter, perhaps even  rueful. 'That would only get you~
0	Band members wanted. Contact me #NewcastleGateshead #Sunderland #musicians #musicbusiness #musicislife #music #musically #band #blues #folk
0	Been working in Blanchardstown shopping centre for over 2 years now and I only figured out today where Marks &amp; Spencer's is
0	#AskAMan but this does not sound like a #serious issue, cause siyahleka the whole time, just having fun
0	@cherrivarisco @audubonsociety Oh yes, males are colourful and the Females are dull, so that they can blend in to their environment.
0	My name is John Locke and you can't tell me what I can and can't do #lost #アニメ
0	ya boy gets mad tired of pine trees
0	i wonder how a guy can broke his penis while having sex? #serious
0	@NianticLabs .... For example, catching a gloom would yield 6 oddish candies and catching a vileplume would yield 9.
0	@markoheight @Cassie_OB we sound like vampires saying we wanna sink our teeth into the TT lads and their talents 😂😂😂😂😂😂
0	i love the word fret so much and im in heaven
0	Marcos Rojo Marcos Rojo running down the wing. Loved by the blues, feared by the reds
0	Are you serious??
0	@rickygervais my first time in Slough so checked out the new station floor  #LifeOnTheRoad
0	@BillSwindell @DePauwU @dick_nixon I was having breakfast when I seen this?! I blew my cereal in the #sink!!
0	#PeopleLikeMeBecause of some unknown reason but I try to discourage it
0	Bill Clinton: 'Do not grow weary of doing good.' @ClintonGlobal #CGI2016
0	.@billradkeradio is not a fan of The Beat Happening. But that's not to discourage aspiring other Olympia musicians! #KUOWrecord
0	@Piggiewhopays lmao! I can only imagine the frown across that face of yours. #Hilarity
0	@TweeriaLee A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist.
0	@beIIrkes Es, I'm serious 23/8
0	Do not be discouraged by a slowing sales market. This will test your business model and pinpoint #strengths and #weaknesses.' @Ken_Dunn
0	When you get lost in a neighborhood and have to use the gps on your phone to find your way out. #lost #GoogleMaps #blondmoment
0	@emorottie true sonicsatam was serious and a bit dark. Aosth is like super goofy and Looney toonie to a degree
0	TGIF! Hope everyone that needs to find #recovery can and that our friends stay #sober this weekend! @REBOSTreatment @BlvdCenters
0	@pxrfectpeach it's got her little pout
0	@darryella it doesn't chip and it doesn't get dull. Nails gone be looking perfect the whole time, except they gone be grown out 😂
0	it didn't impress me but it didn't depress me'
0	“Do not fret if you are not cool! Humans who follow me, become instantly cool!” #Bot
0	The #pessimist complains about the wind; the #optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.' - William Arthur Ward\n#IGNITE
0	@littlemore20 I had a nice Italian ice-cream whilst resting my tired paws. Honey flavoured, naturally! #FurryTails #lost #Venice.
0	I added Paul Walker on Xbox but he just spends all of his time on the dashboard. #dark #humor #funny
0	How much time should I give to my friend who lost his laptop to mourn before I can ask him to give me his laptop charger and extra battery??
0	i can't take u #serious unless u use #emojis
0	Back to forest drama -\nfrom my #Forest #music - series, 2016\n#nature #dark #art #photography #Finland
0	@makai_kishi_ Her eyes stayed glued to the monitor, not turning away for anything
0	“Optimism may sometimes be delusional, but pessimism is always delusional.” —Alan Cohen #believe
0	God's love spring.Of one dat sunk his whole estate for d paltry bribe,of a single apple–n yet proud of our ancestry?❤️🗿
0	That house on #GrandDesigns isn't in a forest it's in a wibbly wobbly pine plantation
0	Beats is accurately all-powerful with respect to high-quality high-frequency speaker in re the extra desolate relating to fire-ea:…
0	gloomy weather puts me in the best mood
0	Dad asked if I was too hungover to function today. Little does he know I stayed sober last night so i could get shit faced tonight 😅
0	The American Idiot record turns twelve today it changed my preppy middle school heart into a desolate punk rock desert I am forever grateful
0	tones - \n: 1/2 of my favourite chris pine stans. i love tones more than anything, mt sweet summer child i will attack anyone who hurts her
0	Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.' -- Stephen King #authors #serious #writingtip
0	@hotelplanner I stayed at a hotel who  packed picnic lunches to take on the road!! #BetterTogether @Redlizzy1 @NewfieChic @Ladybug_Vic
0	@cburt43 turn that frown upside down
0	@iJuvia_ \n\nHearing the noises, Akame opened her eyes and sat up, facing Juvia. She didn't expect at all to see someone around and staid --
0	@petercoffin So safe blues are ok. Are reds ok as well? Obviously, battleground states would not.
0	Hello fellow #horror #creepy #dark #stange #story fans, how's your day? #followme and I'll #followback
0	@DDandDeltaboys will be playing in the Bridge Bar @RameltonWhatsOn this sat (24th Sept) #blues #rhythmandblues #ramelton #donegal
0	Oh goodness I'm loving this rainy  day. It's a head down, #creative cap on, &amp; get #lost in your #thoughts kind of day 💭 ☺️ #art #create #biz
0	No one wants to win the wild card because you have to play the Cubs on the road.
0	#Jazz - the #blues is the roots, the rest is the fruits
0	Well i did hear once before that girls are attracted to men that look like their dad!  👌
0	The labor of love is not cheap or inexpensive, it's the time spent earning it. #lackadaisical #dreamer
0	BLUES with BOB HADDRELL &amp; Guests\nFri 23rd Sep 8:30pm - 11:00pm #blues #free #TunbridgeWells
0	@RashidAlMaktoum For #serious #intermediaries all required info about #project or #Owner will be mailed.
0	9/30 Howland Cultural Center, #BeaconNy Vickie Raabin &amp; Chris Raabe #blues #soul 8pm  @LocalMotionWVKR @hiddencitiesnyc 845-831-4988
0	#FF \n\n@The_Family_X \n\n#soul #blues &amp; #rock #band\n\n#music from the #heart\n\nWith soul &amp; #passion \n\nXx 🎶 xX
0	Mmmm #coffee and a good #book on a dreary day! Who can beat that?
0	Sometimes I can't believe I've made it this far.169 days!! I threw out my demons n got #sober #clean, n started #recovery.#Sobriety is #2.
0	All clouded out.\n\n Considering using a camera, 1) star trails 2) eyepiece projection.
0	Learning to trust God can quiet a troubled &amp; restless heart, bring peace to a weary soul, &amp; eliminate the hopelessness that #addiction is!
0	A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. \n― Winston S. Churchill #quote
0	Alt-J - Hunger of the pine.
0	these grown ass lil boys yeah i can't take them serious.
0	Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go.
0	Let the #MrRobot binge begin. #nerdshow #compelling #dark
0	Anyway I'm in a car with a furious white men and I have a really funny story to tell when I'm sober 😂
0	#RiceFODays now I am Alex Butler's class on financial management. Starts off with a great, relevant class discussion: movies and sunk costs
0	There is no dark side in the moon. In fact, it's all dark.'\nGerry O'Driscoll at the end of 'The Dark side of the Moon'
0	@BluesfestByron second artist announcement looking good #bluesfest2017  #Music #byronbay
0	now playing yung fav song ni chavs #sober 😂
0	@BlurtAlerts 'the darkest of nights can be bright, the solemn of faces lights up with a smile'. -@Totemprince believe in me, as I do in you
0	@kcbbcxo don't get discouraged! it's early on &amp; it can get overwhelming. keep reading &amp; use cue cards 😊 it'll get better!!
0	Damn gud #premiere #LethalWeapon...#funny and
0	I can't mourn Kid Cudi cause we have Travis Scott...
0	Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
0	Isaiah 40:31\nthose who trust in the Lord will find new strength.\nThey will soar high on wings like eagles.\nThey will run and not grow weary.
0	@AMB4JC @drtonyevans It's our job, the job of people who r still sane,still ok in life, to help the lost to find themselves &amp; love eachother
0	Unmatched Party Specialist /co @T3RevNeverEnd #serious #job #titles
0	Honestly don't give af who wins out of us and pine, I'm just worried about getting drunk Saturday night😂
0	I don't think Luca understands how serious I am about Fall....he has no idea what's in store for him 😂😂
0	I keep feeling the heaviness on my left hand and look down and I am in awe every single time 😍💍 #notusedtoit #imafiancée #wut
0	the rappers who stayed true to the game is rich.
0	@thetroche94 @ramiro_cedeno yeah if you want to become obese it is! 😅 I can afford it so I don't think it's that serious haha
0	@Hails_Berry8 @sajedhariri23 varsity pine riding
0	The difference between someone's selfies when they're happy vs. unhappy is absolutely amazing.
0	@KatelynKolsrud thanks mucho kate💕 #sober
0	@hyattd335 #Grateful for #novel #award #promo #RT - #Blessings DeWayne Hyatt #Hippie who loves to grind on the #blues #Florida
0	@CrucialBMXShop ohh silver lake came up a lot on there! Is that where you guys stayed?
0	@Damn_It_Dillon @SamUndomiel of course! This is a happy hentai, not a sad or gloomy one
0	@VaunWilmott @PrisonBreak @PBWritersRoom linc the sink
0	@Lesdoggg take me with you!! JK. Have fun, relax, get a massage or two and chill. Don't eat the cucumbers, most places frown on that.
0	We stayed up all night long\nMade our drinks too strong\nFeeling ten feet tall\nRopes swinging into the water\nIn the middle of the night
0	why do i have such a thing for dark curly hAIR
0	Well i did hear once before that girls are attracted to men that look like their dad!  👌 #serious
0	A tummy full of steak, wine, key lime pine and cuddles on tap. What a way to turn around a stressful Wednesday 💛
0	Free live music in DC tonight!  #blues with #MoonshineSociety at @thehamiltondc in the Loft starting at 10:30pm @FreeinDCBlog @WTOPFreebies
0	@hannah_2401 hannah stop being mournful and chill 💁
0	Guys! Read my #fanfiction if you like #lost and #housemd I have one of each #tvshow -link in bio!
0	@m_giacchino will this be aired on radio or filmed? Lots of fans over the pond too! #wales
0	Very long day. Thank goodness for Bake Off to brighten up a weary Wednesday ☺ #GBBO
0	TONIGHT - Fulford Arms, York \nTOMORROW - Bank Top Tavern, Oldham\nNEXT SATURDAY- Big Hands, Manchester \n\n#livemusic #punk #blues #rockandroll
0	I'm so proud he understands this, he shows love, thought and compassion    and it's not done in a clouded way..
0	blues bar
0	@GOP she's ahead in the polls &amp; after Trumps dismal performance at upcoming debate, it will be an easy win for Hillary.
0	@urbaneprofessor roast them. Then risotto with sage and pine nuts
0	Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.
0	Good morning chirpy #SpringEquinox and your pensive sister #AutumnEquinox A perfect day however it is expressed 🌹🍁🌓☯️ #theBeautyofBalance
0	also who has amazon prime that would like to help a girl out LOL #serious
0	I added Paul Walker on Xbox but he just spends all of his time on the dashboard.  #humor #funny
0	Nice to see Balotelli back to his best, good player.. Just lost his way a bit!
0	@KatieBurnett ha freshers blues would love to re do all again ... ha nice tshirt .. vote for Pedro
0	What do you get when you cross an #apple tree and a #pine tree? 🍎🌲\nNothing. You can't cross-pollinate #deciduous and #coniferous #trees.
0	Please bear with me, I'm not Twitter savvy😝 in real life I'm a Facebook person. Help me gain followers 🤓 #blog #selfhelp
0	@RiRiMathew even when we're fighting I'm laughing. I probably have serious ingrained issues😂🤗
0	@SquidWasTaken Pfft- Yeye, i'm a sucker for bright yellow, red, pink, and blues when it comes to coloring or backgrounds haaa
0	Never a dull moment when talking to Nell 😂😂😂😂😋
0	Never dull moment here
0	#picoftheday : How...why... Really... !!\n    #funny #picoftheday #lol #random #laugh #chair #of #despair #funnypics  #virgin #cafe #i...
0	@EBled2 Great to have you as our tournament chair and award was #serious
0	@DarbyHogle the red one would look super pretty with a bronzy glowy nude lip makeup look! 3rd black would be pretty with a dark lip! 😍
0	@PottzGaming hmu need players for lans next year. DM me. Need serious players. Im under org
0	#FF @ElizaNealsRocks Love &amp; support, always!! Eliza Neals ROCKS!! #blues #music #friends 😎🎸
0	@VivienLloyd Thank you so much! Just home - stunned but so happy. Don't think it has sunk in yet! Wow.
0	Just put the winter duvet on ☃️❄️🌬☔️
0	@SilkInSide @TommyJoeRatliff that's so pretty! I love the sky in the background and the purple highlights with the dull colors is great
0	@BluesfestByron second artist announcement looking good #bluesfest2017 #blues #Music #byronbay
0	I can literally eat creamy pesto pasta topped with grilled chicken, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus and pine nuts every single day of my life
5	I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants petrol my collegues treat him very impolite.
5	The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother.
5	I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him.
5	After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.
5	My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in my relationship with my girlfriend.
5	Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love.
5	I had a quarrel with my father, because I was of the opinion that he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through the room.
5	There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I accused him of several things.
5	When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.
5	I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.
5	A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump.
5	Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called \treatment\" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II."
5	Once again my parents distroyed a relationship.
5	I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call, a good friend told me that she would go to travel next year with another good friend. We couldn't talk this out.
5	When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard.
5	We had to move to a very different city because the company where my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult for me to make new friends than.
5	I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother was better off then me.
5	My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In my opinion this was wrong.
5	When our cat was killed in a car-accident I was very angry at the driver of the car because he didn't take enough care.
5	When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take things out of it.
5	I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She expected me to explain it to her.
5	My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had to go out that evening).
5	When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was not justified.
5	My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions.
5	When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the same person.
5	Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt angry.
5	Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok (food). One day before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to church with his parents.
5	When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and didn't want to talk to me any more.
5	I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too late.
5	When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much.
5	When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class during a turn.
5	A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary).
5	I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out together. When I arrived at the place, the other persons weren't there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone without me. That, however, didn't appear to be the case.
5	A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along with him, and when the time came this fellow drew back while I had to face the situation.
5	When I first saw a person begging.
5	We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too late for anyone to give us a lift.
5	At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle.
5	My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the conditions they imposed on me.
5	Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death.
5	When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without any apparent reason.
5	I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules she imposes at home, which are too rigid and arbitrary for me.
5	I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in South Africa.
5	During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable.
5	When my father addressed me directly and maliciously, thus including me in the \family war\"."
5	A murder.
5	During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for the petrol.
5	My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative object which was very precious to me.
5	During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a student, they accused me of not bothering about looking for a job to assume my financial situation.
5	An argument among several friends because of the irrational behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and said that we were to blame.
5	When I failed an exam unfairly.
5	When a professor of this faculty laughed at, and was suspicious of a composition written by a class-mate and me.
5	When I failed an exam I thought I would pass.
5	When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything.
5	When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration, simply because the child had been leaning against a window.
5	When I was young, I became very angry as I was not allowed to stay up all night for the fair in my town.
5	I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part very well but did not know the second part.
5	When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively with referance to sex.
5	When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for an exam inside it and they got all mixed up.
5	An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by a group of louts.
5	I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help each other in exams, to the professor.
5	A typical family argument.
5	When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers wandering around, doing nothing.
5	I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  Finally, they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a lot.
5	I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger on her as she did not obey me.
5	When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an hour for the next one.
5	In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I played very badly.
5	I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my ability or my knowledge of the subject.
5	When my brother was held up and robbed.
5	A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to justify a wrong action.
5	When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking out of the glass.
5	We were at school, in the room for audiovisual classes.  We were watching a film, and just behind me two classmates were bothering me with their mocking and shoves.  I reacted angrily (I suppose)  by hitting one of them.
5	During my last exam.
5	On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution.
5	When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were made and it was broken without permission, they had no right to do this.
5	In a confrontation with a person, he provoked me several times till I reacted in an angry way.  Fortunately there were no disastrous consequences.
5	When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I was right and she was not.
5	When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government, I ended up at the door.
5	My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and ridiculous point of view made us angry.
5	When I was the target of a great many insults and completely unfair accusations of a large group of people.
5	When I was accused of something I had not done.
5	A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I felt hurt and disgusted.
5	My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and saw the scene and became angry.
5	When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior.
5	When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  the cold weather.
5	When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should not have been punished for it.
5	[ No description.]
5	I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.
5	I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had already taken place.
5	My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had done nothing.
5	When I saw a car run over a child, out of carelessness.
5	My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends.
5	I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me and he lost it.
5	I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told it to some others who were implicated in the affair.
5	My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says.
5	[ One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house..... In addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to answer.]
5	When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.
5	My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me telling me how she had got drunk the last time.
5	My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was my sister who had done it.
5	When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying.
5	When my father made my mother go through really terrible situations, I felt furious, impotent, nervous, upset, ........
5	When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the wardrobe.  My brother had done it.
5	A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the telephone.  This friend, crying, called me and I got very angry and made the other person apologize.
5	They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that the one I had was out of date.
5	When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and she was fed up with my behaviour.
5	My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as her, and we ended up shouting at each other.
5	I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to tease me.
5	One day in a clinic, the father of a child came in and assaulted a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately.
5	A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about something.
5	When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him \Mister\".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry á|as he had belittled me."
5	When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.
5	When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made me wonder if he was a really a good friend.
5	When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after having been punished for it.
5	When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money was found later.
5	When I was in form 3, my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that I had told them that I was pregnant.  My daddy  told my mother and she asked me if it was true.  I was very angry with my aunts.
5	When I got a low grade in an administration course.
5	When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me.
5	When my sister broke my china tea set.
5	When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and looking down on me.
5	When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets, put water in it and threw it in the dust-bin.
5	When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a witness.
5	When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume      my studies in time at UNZA.
5	I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd my step-dad.  I thought, \ Why did she break her promises ? Why á|had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? \""
5	This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my trousers without my consent.
5	The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called  the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid, self centered etc.  I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining school to cool off.
5	When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew nothing about this.
5	I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my father, however he misused the money.
5	My trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding.
5	When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking behind my back.
5	\ I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing á|people in your room,\" he said.  This sentence really shot my á|heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away á|without uttering a word."
5	When someone chased me from his house.
5	I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning the plates and there was no food for me, and the blue birds  (security guards) were busy eating the food that was supposed to be for me.
5	When somebody stole my brother's disco machine.
5	I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I  had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him.
5	When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made me angry was that I had not used my education to argue.
5	This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my friends with whom I was eating called me a fool.
5	When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of nine only.
5	I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed.
5	When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time student at UNZA.
5	I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular job was not done, it was not my job to do it.
5	When I was mistreated by my step-mother.
5	When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He embarassed me in front of a crowd.
5	The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my class-mate and was very cool and dull.
5	My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's room.
5	I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding party.
5	I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.
5	When I found out that my sister had been playing with my confidential things which she had taken from my hand-bag.
5	When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due at 1400 hours.
5	When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with certain other friends which they thought was improper.
5	I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her.
5	I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested me, by my employers.
5	When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out.
5	When my father did not get back from Chipata on time, he was thus holding back progress as everything depended on him.  I felt angry over his actions.
5	When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for.  A boy had come to our gate asking for me, my aunt went out to see him.  I had neither met nor known the boy.
5	At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed.  When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my inability to find out my enemies.  I lost my temper.
5	A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone.
5	My little niece, who is very talkative, suddenly became very naughty and began wetting her pants.  She did it one afternoon.
5	When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my wardrobe.
5	When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not know.
5	When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given me.
5	When I could not reason my friend, it angered me.
5	I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours.  It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money.  Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town.  I was really angry with my friend.
5	When someone took my pen away.
5	Being made to look like a fool by a girl.
5	When I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend.
5	When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods.
5	I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the transport money I had to go to school.
5	When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working.
5	In 1982, I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating up his old father.  He claimed that the father was responsible for his guardian's failure.
5	When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few  days earlier.
5	When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel.
5	When I was insulted by a fellow student.
5	One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him for over an hour.
5	One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I was sure that I had done no such thing.
5	When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles.
5	A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out.  Biased judgment !
5	When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the presence of my boyfriend.
5	Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not really true.
5	When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my parents.
5	When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends.
5	When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with another boy.
5	When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he had just repaired.
5	When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks.
5	A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.  I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year.
5	When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street.
5	I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with whom I had previously discussed the assignment.
5	I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not come out although the others did.
5	When I found my boyfriend, who I had been dating for a year, at another girl's house. We had had previous conflicts concerning the girl, but he had always claimed they were just friends.
5	I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.
5	Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the workshift to me so I did not sign up.
5	One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore because he was jealous.
5	I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.
5	A few weeks back, as I was in a hurry to leave the house, I left some of my things lying around.  This is something I never do. My uncle,who lives with us, as we live in a joint family, remarked that we were always doing things like  this.  This really got me mad.
5	When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry.
5	When my brother got very low marks in the exams, I was very angry. I put my studies aside to help him, as every time my brother does  badly at school, my family members blame me as well.á á
5	[ It irritates me when people talk about me behind my back.  I    prefer people to tell me what they have to, on my face instead of talking behind my back.]
5	One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.  He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper and we rushed at him.
5	When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed day and time.
5	[ When I do not get any co-operation from my friends/partners.]
5	When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower.  She left and I had to do without supper.
5	When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me.
5	A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe.
5	When a boy, who was drunk, insulted me in front of a crowd.  I was stopped from punching him for it.
5	I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving me any thing - money to come back to school.
5	I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen from me.
5	When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy, even though she knew that she was wrong.
5	When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to some misunderstanding between the two.
5	I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy.
5	When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second time that this happened in the family - the first time it had been my elder sister.
5	When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.
5	When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.
5	Being hooted at when I was learning to drive.
5	When someone took my things without having asked for my permission.
5	When my room-mate was making noise deliberately, by playing a flute early in the morning while I was trying to study.
5	When a few girls were talking rubbish about me.
5	When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. á
5	When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours about my affair with a close friend.
5	When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation.
5	In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry with the girls involved.
5	When my father failed to send me transport money after the closure of the school.
5	I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.
5	The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student allowances in 1984.
5	I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was arrested by policemen.
5	[ When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation.]  á
5	When my mother scolded me for coming home late, i.e after 7 P.M.
5	When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to marry me.
5	Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it.
5	Bad food in the students' dining hall.
5	Someone messing up the room we share.
5	Insulted by the class leader.
5	Tripped on a busy street.
5	Seeing this badly made questionnaire.
5	People having a football match outside the window during the lecture.
5	A father helping his kid to fight other kids.
5	My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.
5	A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. My roommate and she became good friends. After she left, he didn't talk too highly of her.
5	I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.
5	Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.
5	When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the world, and her murderer who was her ex-boyfriend. It was the worst and most hateful day of my life.
5	I caught a \peeping tom\" at my window when I was getting á|undressed."
5	I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing score on my program.
5	During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining.
5	I was called racial slurs behind my back.
5	A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to me. I get very angry with her.
5	I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front bumper was destroyed.
5	I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.
5	Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a year. However one night she said she wanted us to be \just á|friends\". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering. á|A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they á|started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had á|a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger á|but we are friends again."
5	My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh them looking for something.
5	When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the morning.
5	I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but it took me an hour to find her.
5	When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.
5	When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in public.
5	When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing around on me.
5	My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't have seen this, but they blew and I did.
5	I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long time. And at times still get angry at him.
5	I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl.
5	This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend and we all hit eachother.
5	When someone told a secret I told them not to tell.
5	After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried to drive home from his house.
5	A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste.
5	A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.
5	I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me.
5	Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her.
5	When a close friend did not write.
5	While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my roommate.
5	I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on it. I tried to fix it but could not.
5	I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut me off financially and emotionally.
5	When some friends betrayed my friendship.
5	Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard without telling anyone.
5	When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house and did not apologize, or pay, or anything.
5	I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he wouldn't do it.
5	A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do it himself since he was quicker at it.
5	I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered me greatly.
5	While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with eachother because we were both fed up.
5	I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to see it.
5	When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay.
5	One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was serious.
5	I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I told her it was her letter and we would do it her way.
5	My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to do so.
5	When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me, calling me names and pushing me around.
5	When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed it was her fault. He the hassled her, claimed she was loose, and threatened to sue her.
5	When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry.
5	We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact plans to paint my room without consulting me.
5	I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault, but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged.
5	After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with, he walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday, November 14.
5	Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him.
5	Same situation as before - having my car stolen.
5	Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more.
5	I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat tire.
5	I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared for.
5	When my dad told me about something he had done against my mother.
5	When I failed my S.S.C exam.
5	I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take out my anger on him.
5	I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.
5	When my father talks about our relatives and favours them, I feel angry.
5	I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.
5	[ I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me.]
5	I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university.
5	I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not intend to come as he was feeling tired.
5	When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did not turn up - I was annoyed at her.
5	I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we  started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started teasing me.
5	When I failed the M.S.C exams.
5	A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very angry at the children and slapped some of them.
5	When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry.
5	One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her, another friend of hers was also coming along.  During the outing they kept talking to each other and I felt left out, even when I tried to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay me much attention.
5	I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards me makes me angry.
5	A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal, confidential matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours.  When this common friend told me the version my friend had told her, I was angry.
5	One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by without stopping, even though there were only 8-10 passengers inside.  I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and  conductor.
5	I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible duringá their illness.
5	Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very clean, but when it reaches a point, I get angry at the person who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are supposed to supervise him.
5	When the others did not do their bit of work on a group assignment task, and I had to do all the work.
5	When I was insulted by a man.
5	When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often misunderstood, especially when one is very frank.
5	When a relative, who had come to our place, created untidyness and dirtyness.
5	My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him.
5	I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept      on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.
5	I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others.
5	[ This emotion has never been an intense one, that makes it difficult to recall it.]
5	I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked.
5	A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.  Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.
5	When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a stranger.
5	Despite our good performance and excellent results the management refused to meet our demands.
5	One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use against him, in the meanwhile people intervened.
5	When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not get the money.
5	[ On discovering the red-tapism and the bureaucratic, corrupt, decadent, degenerated infrastucture of every public utility, office and service; and the rampant corruption at every single level of education and other institutions.]
5	I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in doing his duty.
5	I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  However, in the train my name had been omitted from the reservation sheet, and the one seat that was still vacant was alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the seat.  I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I paid money.
5	I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. I reacted angrily.á
5	A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for fun's sake, though I had warned him an infinite number of times that it really hurts me, he did it again.  I usually ignore this but this time I flared up for a split second and threatened to bash him up.  This is the latest incident when I lost my temper, though I felt very bad about it later.
5	When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine.
5	One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up.
5	This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my New year's night.
5	Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke.  I was taken to tthe principal's office and he accused me of having broken the window.
5	During the short period of my unemployment about six years back.
5	When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who  was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was really angry with him then.
5	Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing.
5	[ During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my brother/sister and parents.]
5	[ Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating.]
5	Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.
5	Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us.
5	It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my future would be ruined.
5	Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not true.
5	We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them.
5	An old lady slipped and nobody helped her.
5	Insulted by disgusting people.
5	My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English lectures.
5	People not cueing in the dining hall.
5	A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me go to your English lecture.
5	Insulted by some stupid people.
5	I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my friend.
5	When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their rose-bush, I was very angry as he had not touched it at all.
5	I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.
5	When I got low marks in B.Sc final.
5	This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my  mother for no fault of mine, I had just beaten up my younger brother for what I thought was his fault.  I was very angry with my mother.
5	I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal, which I needed to study for the exams.
5	When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the exams.
5	I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought that came to my mind was to quit the job.
5	I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.  I felt frustation - bordering on anger.
5	[ When bad and disgusting language is uttered by people, or when someone tries to show what is beyond his own capacities.]
5	When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just reason, and thus showed off his power.
5	I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew about the story.
5	My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to his friend at a cheaper price.
5	There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw paw-paw in the face.
5	I once caught a letter in my girlfriend's handbag from a certain man. I felt anger.
5	A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry.
5	It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long to fade.
5	The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my knowledge.
5	This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I kept in the cupboard.
5	I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go to the University.
5	My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was still mine.
5	My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her chatting with another guy.
5	I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to be untrue.
5	When I was charmed by my relatives.
5	I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions.
5	I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his friends.á
5	I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent.
5	I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me.
5	I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.
5	It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared for the training at Military college when he was coming back from his personal social activities.
5	I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the Headmaster that I had gone out for beer, whilst the information was not true at all. So I had to fight the friend before the Headmaster.
5	I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate at all.
5	It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had disappeared.
5	I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece.
5	When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of medical uniform.
5	An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I threw stones at him and he ran away.
5	When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the match.
5	It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates got promoted to Seargents (sgts); we were having similar Ranks.
5	When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys in our hostel.
5	When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy studying and concentrating on my classnotes.
5	One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.
5	I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper. Coming behind my back, he wasn't noticed by me and as I was retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate with my head. He didn't accept being wrong but blamed me for pouring his soup.
5	Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money.
5	There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give me.
5	Brother took my money to use for his own purposes.
5	When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write Examinations in a few minutes.
5	I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting.
5	My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good friend could do such a thing, so I got angry.
5	This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him with a certain boy.
5	When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette.
5	During the Xmas holiday, I and my best friend at Secondary School had planned to meet at a Cultural afternoon at the Mt. Soche Hotel after missing each other for such a long time. When I asked my mother for permission, she told me not to go for no good reason. I felt very angry with her.
5	One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and used it for her business without my knowledge.
5	Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.
5	When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much.
5	It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.
5	I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and in the end I got really angry.
5	I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so well.
5	I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed from another friend and locked it in a drawer.
5	I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college.
5	I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.
5	A tailor ran away with my skirt.
5	Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy.
5	I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I was the quietest girl in class.
5	I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised.
5	I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine.
5	The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.
5	When my dress was stolen.
5	I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong.
5	When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.
5	A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married here, when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man.
5	I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep, but the teacher told me to do it.
5	I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during the last weekend.
5	Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time.
5	The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away after he showed had his meals.
5	I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs.
5	I felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money.
5	One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. She said I was seen with him hand in hand.
5	It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away. When I asked him he accepted it.
5	Made mistakes in exam.
5	My friend misunderstood me.
5	Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time.
5	My bed sheet (present of my parents) damaged by roommate.
5	South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more than China).
5	Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch TV.
5	I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the bus.
5	Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket (I forgot).
5	Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games.
5	South Korea cheating for gold medals.
5	Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid.
5	Someone called me a disgusting nickname.
5	A friend forgot his appointment with me.
5	Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend.
5	My roommate was rude to me.
5	I was told to do something I did not want to do.
5	Insulted by teacher.
5	A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage.
5	Korean judges cheating.
5	Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend.
5	My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to your lectures because we are not All English Class.
5	My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with him.
5	Being sexually assulted on a bus.
5	Being insulted in public.
5	Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason.
5	Made a statement that other people did not believe.
5	Being put down by the class leaders.
5	Finding out that I was deceived by a friend.
5	Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it.
5	Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus.
5	Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself).
5	I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not lend me them.
5	Insulted for no reason.
5	Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not true).
5	Failed to be elected to be a class leader.
5	Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books.
5	Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the medical university.
5	Someone told me we are not as good as the All English Class.
5	Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me for 2 years.
5	Being insulted in front of my parents, and they believed other people (those insulting me).
5	Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I was not elected as a \Tree Good\" student."
5	Being insulted by my roommate (she is in the English Class).
5	Saw my unfair report.
5	My roommate being unconsiderate.
5	Punished by a leader.
5	Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English ones).
5	Had an insulting letter from my father.
5	Someone talking about me at my back.
5	Being told that I have not got a personality.
5	Insulted by other people in the shop.
5	Being mistreated by other people.
5	Being told that I am a stupid person.
5	Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only laughed).
5	Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments.
5	Your prejudice against psychology students and education students (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).
5	Being insulted in public for the wrong reason.
5	Misunderstood by friends.
5	Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology examn.
5	Quarreling with classmates.
5	Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because the class leader is going out with me (not true).
5	My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets.
5	Being insulted by my roommate.
5	People not resprcting my opinion.
5	Being insulted on a bus.
5	My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from him.
5	I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.  They follow every word of their teachers, books and systems.  They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and they are satisfied with their awkward life.  I have tried to persuade them very often but have failed.  This time I had a fight as they have no voluntary spirit (they did not polish the floor).
5	I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.
5	I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how to organize my work.
5	In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few, he refused it for an acceptable reason.
5	Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the committee's administration.  He could not suggest any improvements, so I quarrelled with him.
5	When I was concentrating on my work, my friend disturbed me continously.  I asked him to stop but in vain.
5	I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  to talk to her anymore.á
5	The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it, and I was worried and restless all day.  When I saw them I really wanted to slap each one of them.
5	I was scolded by my mother for no reason.
5	I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late.  I waited for a long hour and was very angry.
5	[ No response.]
5	[ No response.]
5	Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.
5	Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had prepared for this meeting.
5	My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness.
5	Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked him and then did not try to find them.
5	My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the teacher.
5	[ No response.]
5	When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test, two people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes.  There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did   not want to interrupt them, so I could only be angry in my heart.
5	One night I could not practise my violin as my family was watching T.V with the lights off, so I wanted to listen to some tapes.  It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch, however he scolded me.  I was so angry that I slammed my violin on the floor.
5	When I came back to my hostel, my bed was full of newspapers and dirty clothes.  My room-mate asked me to wash the clothes for him as he had no time (this was his responsibility).  The food we shared had been eaten up by him (I ate little).
5	My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies.
5	I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions wrong deliberately.
5	My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a subject that I wanted also.  I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected.  I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier, he need not have lied to me.
5	Something was stolen.
5	My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our relationship  and had insulted my integrity.
5	Someone played a trick on me.
5	I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other projects more than this one.
5	My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).  I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.
5	During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and the match had to be cut short.
5	Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin.
5	[ Whenever I put myself in other's shoes and try to make the person happy, comfort him or make friends and I am misunderstood and rejected, especially when this person is a family member or a friend.]
5	When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and attitudes.  I was very angry.
5	One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked  strongly, not my opinion but me personally.
5	Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel.
5	A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then.
5	One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely.
5	I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I didcovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore.
5	My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors.
5	When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.
5	I had a date with my girlfriend, the time and place had not been fixed.  I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight and I did not want to disturb her family.  I waited several hours for her call, she did not call me that night.
5	I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others.  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious enough to be blamed.
5	When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them.
5	The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of  her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because - one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new house that day.
5	Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons.
5	My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is I was in a bad mood then).
5	We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them and then left.
5	Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values.
5	I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry.
5	My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person.  However I could not apologize, so I pretended that nothing had happened and smiled when I left.  My friend did not say anything but just watched me leave.
5	Someone spread rumours about me.
5	When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal sanity had been affected.
5	The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This made me angry.
5	In September 1984, I was forced to live with someone I did not like.  The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation was like a debate.  The atmosphere was very bad.  When he learnt that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me \ A failure, You lost á|5 marks.\"   I was very angry, not because my marks were lower á|than his, but because I could not tolerate his pride.  I did not á|show my discontentment and carried on doing my work."
5	Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be employed as their daghters tutor.  They told me that at university  there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach.
5	However, she gave him no rest, and said she would take care no light should fall upon him.
5	"Good evening," growled she, and pretended to be quite friendly.
5	But the clever servant had placed himself in the bed instead of his master, and when the maid came there, he tore off from her the mantle in which she had wrapped herself, and chased her out with rods.
5	The second night the King"s daughter sent her maid-in-waiting, who was to see if she could succeed better in listening, but the servant took her mantle also away from her, and hunted her out with rods.
5	But the youth begged for a hearing, and said, "She stole into my room in the night and questioned me, otherwise she could not have discovered it."
5	Influenced by those remarks, the bird next morning refused to bring in the wood, telling the others that he had been their servant long enough, and had been a fool into the bargain, and that it was now time to make a change, and to try some other way of arranging the work.
5	The bird complained to the dog of this bare-faced robbery, but nothing he said was of any avail, for the dog answered that he found false credentials on the sausage, and that was the reason his life had been forfeited.
5	The woman who had hoped to find a good sale, gave him what he desired, but went away quite angry and grumbling.
5	The little tailor at last lost all patience, and drew a piece of cloth from the hole under his work-table, and saying: "Wait, and I will give it to you," struck it mercilessly on them.
5	The giant looked contemptuously at the tailor, and said: "You ragamuffin!
5	You miserable creature!"
5	The soldiers, however, were set against the little tailor, and wished him a thousand miles away.
5	"What is to be the end of this?" they said among themselves.
5	For a long time the giant felt nothing, but at last he awoke, pushed his comrade, and said: "Why are you knocking me?"
5	"What is the meaning of this?" cried the other "Why are you pelting me?"
5	"I am not pelting you," answered the first, growling.
5	They disputed about it for a time, but as they were weary they let the matter rest, and their eyes closed once more.
5	"That is too bad!" cried he, and sprang up like a madman, and pushed his companion against the tree until it shook.
5	The other paid him back in the same coin, and they got into such a rage that they tore up trees and belaboured each other so long, that at last they both fell down dead on the ground at the same time.
5	When the boar perceived the tailor, it ran on him with foaming mouth and whetted tusks, and was about to throw him to the ground, but the hero fled and sprang into a chapel which was near and up to the window at once, and in one bound out again.
5	The boar ran after him, but the tailor ran round outside and shut the door behind it, and then the raging beast, which was much too heavy and awkward to leap out of the window, was caught.
5	After some time the young queen heard her husband say in his dreams at night: "Boy, make me the doublet, and patch the pantaloons, or else I will rap the yard-measure over your ears."
5	"I"ll put a screw into that business," said the little tailor.
5	I killed two giants, I brought away one unicorn, and caught a wild boar, and am I to fear those who are standing outside the room."
5	"Who are you, and what do you want?" asked the man in a grumbling voice.
5	They rushed at each other with such extreme rage that the ground shook with their trampling, and the air resounded with their cries.
5	I fell into a great rage at this, pulled out a pistol and discharged it at the monster; but the ball rebounded from his breast and went into my horse"s head.
5	Then said the father: "Hark you, my son, try as I will I can get nothing into your head.
5	"Lord have mercy on us!" cried the father; "is that all you have learnt?
5	I will send you into another town, to another master."
5	Then the father fell into a rage and said: "Oh, you lost man, you have spent the precious time and learnt nothing; are you not ashamed to appear before my eyes?
5	I will send you to a third master, but if you learn nothing this time also, I will no longer be your father."
5	Then the father fell into the most furious anger, sprang up, called his people thither, and said: "This man is no longer my son, I drive him forth, and command you to take him out into the forest, and kill him."
5	The brother did not drink, and said, "I will wait until we come to the next spring, but then I must drink, say what you like; for my thirst is too great."
5	"Then you will have me die of grief," answered the roe; "when I hear the bugle-horns I feel as if I must jump out of my skin."
5	Now when she heard that they were so happy, and so well off, envy and hatred rose in her heart and left her no peace, and she thought of nothing but how she could bring them again to misfortune.
5	"Only be quiet," answered the old woman, and comforted her by saying, "when the time comes I shall be ready."
5	Then there arose a quarrel between them; and the star-gazer said, "If I had not found the princess out, all your skill would have been of no use; therefore she ought to be mine."
5	"Your seeing her would have been of no use," said the thief, "if I had not taken her away from the dragon; therefore she ought to be mine."
5	"No, she is mine," said the huntsman; "for if I had not killed the dragon, he would, after all, have torn you and the princess into pieces."
5	"And if I had not sewn the boat together again," said the tailor, "you would all have been drowned, therefore she is mine."
5	"No," said the Sultan; "I will be true to my master."
5	Then the wolf was very angry, and called Sultan "an old rogue," and swore he would have his revenge.
5	So the next morning the wolf sent the boar to challenge Sultan to come into the wood to fight the matter.
5	So they looked up, and espied the wolf sitting amongst the branches; and they called him a cowardly rascal, and would not suffer him to come down till he was heartily ashamed of himself, and had promised to be good friends again with old Sultan.
5	When he had gone a hundred steps or so, he heard a screaming and chirping in the branches over him, and looked up and saw a flock of birds pulling a cloak with their bills and feet; screaming, fighting, and tugging at each other as if each wished to have it himself.
5	Now the old woman was a witch, and said to the young lady, "There is a young man coming out of the wood who carries a wonderful prize; we must get it away from him, my dear child, for it is more fit for us than for him.
5	Then the old woman said, "Now is the time for getting the bird"s heart."
5	"Well," said the old witch, "we have got the bird"s heart, but not the wishing-cloak yet, and that we must also get."
5	Then the witch was very angry, and said, "Such a cloak is a very rare and wonderful thing, and I must and will have it."
5	When the giants came up to him, the first pushed him with his foot, and said, "What worm is this that lies here curled up?"
5	"Tread upon him and kill him," said the second.
5	"It"s not worth the trouble," said the third; "let him live, he"ll go climbing higher up the mountain, and some cloud will come rolling and carry him away."
5	"Countryman," said the witch, "who are you? and what is your business?"
5	"Now you shall be paid for your roguery," said he; and tied them all three to a rope and took them along with him till he came to a mill and knocked at the window.
5	"I have three tiresome beasts here," said the other; "if you will take them, give them food and room, and treat them as I tell you, I will pay you whatever you ask."
5	Then the huntsman said, "Give the old one stripes three times a day and hay once; give the next (who was the servant-maid) stripes once a day and hay three times; and give the youngest (who was the beautiful lady) hay three times a day and no stripes": for he could not find it in his heart to have her beaten.
5	"Open the door, my princess dear, Open the door to thy true love here!
5	And mind the words that thou and I said By the fountain cool, in the greenwood shade."
5	"Open the door, my princess dear, Open the door to thy true love here!
5	And mind the words that thou and I said By the fountain cool, in the greenwood shade."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	"That was ill done, Hans.
5	You should have stuck the needle in your sleeve."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	"That"s ill done, Hans, you should have put the knife in your pocket."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	"That was ill done, Hans, you should have put a rope round the goat"s neck."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	"That was ill done, Hans, you should have carried the bacon on your head."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	Hans takes the calf, puts it on his head, and the calf kicks his face.
5	"I set it on my head and it kicked my face."
5	"That was ill done, Hans, you should have led the calf, and put it in the stall."
5	"Behave well, Hans."
5	"That was ill done, Hans, you should have cast friendly eyes on her."
5	Then Gretel became angry, tore herself loose and ran away, and was no longer the bride of Hans.
5	Now mind what I say.
5	This deed of thine shall cost thee all thou art worth."
5	"Not wretch enough yet!" said the sparrow, as she alighted upon the head of one of the horses, and pecked at him till he reared up and kicked.
5	"Unlucky wretch that I am!" cried he.
5	"Not wretch enough yet!" said the sparrow.
5	But the sparrow answered, "Not wretch enough yet!" and perched on the head of the second horse, and pecked at him too.
5	"Unlucky wretch that I am!" said he.
5	"Not wretch enough yet!" said the sparrow; and perching upon the third horse, she began to peck him too.
5	The carter was mad with fury; and without looking about him, or caring what he was about, struck again at the sparrow; but killed his third horse as he done the other two.
5	"Alas! miserable wretch that I am!" cried he.
5	"Not wretch enough yet!" answered the sparrow as she flew away; "now will I plague and punish thee at thy own house."
5	The carter was forced at last to leave his cart behind him, and to go home overflowing with rage and vexation.
5	"Alas!" said he to his wife, "what ill luck has befallen me! --my wine is all spilt, and my horses all three dead."
5	"Unlucky wretch that I am!" cried the carter; for he saw that the corn was almost all gone.
5	"Not wretch enough yet!" said the sparrow; "thy cruelty shall cost thee they life yet!" and away she flew.
5	The carter seeing that he had thus lost all that he had, went down into his kitchen; and was still not sorry for what he had done, but sat himself angrily and sulkily in the chimney corner.
5	But the sparrow sat on the outside of the window, and cried "Carter! thy cruelty shall cost thee thy life!"
5	With that he jumped up in a rage, seized his hatchet, and threw it at the sparrow; but it missed her, and only broke the window.
5	The sparrow now hopped in, perched upon the windowseat, and cried, "Carter! it shall cost thee thy life!"
5	Then he became mad and blind with rage, and struck the window-seat with such force that he cleft it in two: and as the sparrow flew from place to place, the carter and his wife were so furious, that they broke all their furniture, glasses, chairs, benches, the table, and at last the walls, without touching the bird at all.
5	In the end, however, they caught her: and the wife said, "Shall I kill her at once?"
5	But the sparrow began to flutter about, and stretch out her neck and cried, "Carter! it shall cost thee thy life yet!"
5	With that he could wait no longer: so he gave his wife the hatchet, and cried, "Wife, strike at the bird and kill her in my hand."
5	Then the old cook scolded and said: "You simpletons, you should have cut the rose-bush in two, and have broken off the rose and brought it home with you; go, and do it at once."
5	And the cook scolded them and said: "You fools! why did you not pull the church to pieces, and bring the chandelier home with you?"
5	The young wife scolded him, but he said nothing and only sighed.
5	Just as eleven of them had done blessing her, a great noise was heard in the courtyard, and word was brought that the thirteenth fairy was come, with a black cap on her head, and black shoes on her feet, and a broomstick in her hand: and presently up she came into the dininghall.
5	Now, as she had not been asked to the feast she was very angry, and scolded the king and queen very much, and set to work to take her revenge.
5	So she cried out, "The king"s daughter shall, in her fifteenth year, be wounded by a spindle, and fall down dead."
5	But she said she supposed that they knew the road, and would follow her, and she could not stay there all day waiting for them.
5	"What a goose you are to do such silly things!" said the husband.
5	They ate the dry bread together; and Frederick said, "Kate, I hope you locked the door safe when you came away."
5	I sent you to make the house fast, and you take the door away, so that everybody may go in and out as they please--however, as you have brought the door, you shall carry it about with you for your pains."
5	"Well, then, make haste and throw them down, if you will."
5	Then the princess came in, and as she passed by them she had something spiteful to say to every one.
5	The next was too tall: "What a maypole!" said she.
5	But the old king was very angry when he saw how his daughter behaved, and how she ill-treated all his guests; and he vowed that, willing or unwilling, she should marry the first man, be he prince or beggar, that came to the door.
5	When this was over the king said, "Now get ready to go--you must not stay here--you must travel on with your husband."
5	"Ah! unlucky wretch that I am!" sighed she; "would that I had married King Grisly-beard!"
5	"Ah! unlucky wretch that I am!" said she; "would that I had married King Grisly-beard!"
5	"Ah! wretch that I am!" sighed she; "why did I not marry King Grisly-beard?"
5	"That is no business of mine," said the fiddler: "why should you wish for another husband?
5	Am not I good enough for you?"
5	Now make the fire, and put on water and cook my supper, for I am very tired."
5	But the princess knew nothing of making fires and cooking, and the fiddler was forced to help her.
5	When they had eaten a very scanty meal they went to bed; but the fiddler called her up very early in the morning to clean the house.
5	Thus they lived for two days: and when they had eaten up all there was in the cottage, the man said, "Wife, we can"t go on thus, spending money and earning nothing.
5	You must learn to weave baskets."
5	Then he went out and cut willows, and brought them home, and she began to weave; but it made her fingers very sore.
5	"See now," said the fiddler, "you are good for nothing; you can do no work: what a bargain I have got!
5	However, I"ll try and set up a trade in pots and pans, and you shall stand in the market and sell them."
5	But her husband did not care for that, and said she must work, if she did not wish to die of hunger.
5	"Who would have thought you would have been so silly," said he, "as to put an earthenware stall in the corner of the market, where everybody passes? but let us have no more crying; I see you are not fit for this sort of work, so I have been to the king"s palace, and asked if they did not want a kitchen-maid; and they say they will take you, and there you will have plenty to eat."
5	The stepdaughter once had a pretty apron, which the other fancied so much that she became envious, and told her mother that she must and would have that apron.
5	"Be quiet, my child," said the old woman, "and you shall have it.
5	Your stepsister has long deserved death; tonight when she is asleep I will come and cut her head off.
5	The witch fell into a passion, sprang to the window, and as she could look forth quite far into the world, she perceived her stepdaughter hurrying away with her sweetheart Roland.
5	"That shall not help you," cried she, "even if you have got a long way off, you shall still not escape me."
5	She put on her many-league boots, in which she covered an hour"s walk at every step, and it was not long before she overtook them.
5	The witch placed herself on the shore, threw breadcrumbs in, and went to endless trouble to entice the duck; but the duck did not let herself be enticed, and the old woman had to go home at night as she had come.
5	It was not long before the witch came striding up towards them, and said to the musician: "Dear musician, may I pluck that beautiful flower for myself?"
5	As she was hastily creeping into the hedge and was just going to pluck the flower, knowing perfectly well who the flower was, he began to play, and whether she would or not, she was forced to dance, for it was a magical dance.
5	The faster he played, the more violent springs was she forced to make, and the thorns tore her clothes from her body, and pricked her and wounded her till she bled, and as he did not stop, she had to dance till she lay dead on the ground.
5	But the clever son answered: "If I give you my cake and wine, I shall have none for myself; be off with you," and he left the little man standing and went on.
5	But the second son, too, said sensibly enough: "What I give you will be taken away from myself; be off!" and he left the little man standing and went on.
5	"The others are there," she thought, "I may as well be there too," and ran to them; but as soon as she had touched her sister, she remained sticking fast to her.
5	So they had to spend the night with the goose.
5	In the middle of the fields the parson met them, and when he saw the procession he said: "For shame, you good-for-nothing girls, why are you running across the fields after this young man?
5	Is that seemly?"
5	Then Dummling asked once more for his bride, but the king was vexed that such an ugly fellow, whom everyone called Dummling, should take away his daughter, and he made a new condition; he must first find a man who could eat a whole mountain of bread.
5	Then Dummling for the third time asked for his bride; but the king again sought a way out, and ordered a ship which could sail on land and on water.
5	"As soon as you come sailing back in it," said he, "you shall have my daughter for wife."
5	Then he gave him the ship which could sail on land and water, and when the king saw that, he could no longer prevent him from having his daughter.
5	And when she kept on begging, she said at last, to get rid of her, "I will throw this dishful of peas into the ash-heap, and if in two hours" time you have picked them all out, you shall go to the feast too."
5	But the mother said, "No, no! you slut, you have no clothes, and cannot dance; you shall not go."
5	Then the mother gave her a knife, and said, "Never mind, cut it off; when you are queen you will not care about toes; you will not want to walk."
5	But the mother and both the sisters were frightened, and turned pale with anger as he took Ashputtel on his horse, and rode away with her.
5	One day, as the woodman was getting ready to go into the wood to cut fuel, he said, "I wish I had someone to bring the cart after me, for I want to make haste."
5	Then they ran at once to the place, and poked the ends of their sticks into the mouse-hole, but all in vain; Tom only crawled farther and farther in; and at last it became quite dark, so that they were forced to go their way without their prize, as sulky as could be.
5	So they came back and whispered softly to him, saying, "Now let us have no more of your roguish jokes; but throw us out some of the money."
5	But the parson said, "Woman, thou art surely mad!"
5	The two elder brothers would have pulled it down, in order to see how the poor ants in their fright would run about and carry off their eggs.
5	"Top off!" said the cat quite coolly.
5	"What does that matter," said the cat, "it is no worse than Crumb-stealer, as your godchildren are called."
5	First top off, then half-done, then--" "Will you hold your tongue," cried the cat, "one word more, and I will eat you too."
5	"All-gone" was already on the poor mouse"s lips; scarcely had she spoken it before the cat sprang on her, seized her, and swallowed her down.
5	The mother loved her daughter very much, and when she looked at her and then looked at the boy, it pierced her heart to think that he would always stand in the way of her own child, and she was continually thinking how she could get the whole of the property for her.
5	This evil thought took possession of her more and more, and made her behave very unkindly to the boy.
5	The mother was angry at this, but she answered, "Yes, when he comes out of school."
5	Just then she looked out of the window and saw him coming, and it seemed as if an evil spirit entered into her, for she snatched the apple out of her little daughter"s hand, and said, "You shall not have one before your brother."
5	She threw the apple into the chest and shut it to.
5	The little boy now came in, and the evil spirit in the wife made her say kindly to him, "My son, will you have an apple?" but she gave him a wicked look.
5	The thought came to her that she would kill him.
5	"What have you done!" said her mother, "but no one must know about it, so you must keep silence; what is done can"t be undone; we will make him into puddings."
5	"What has he gone there for, and he never even said goodbye to me!"
5	At last, however, his wise men said, "this will not do; the king must marry again, that we may have a queen."
5	She is the very image of my dead wife: unless I have her, I shall not find any bride upon the whole earth, and you say there must be a queen."
5	When she went into the kitchen to her work, and began to rake the ashes, the cook said, "Let that alone till the morning, and heat the king"s soup; I should like to run up now and give a peep: but take care you don"t let a hair fall into it, or you will run a chance of never eating again."
5	"You must be a witch, Catskin," said the cook; "for you always put something into your soup, so that it pleases the king better than mine."
5	While this was passing, a duck came quacking up and cried out, "You thieving vagabonds, what business have you in my grounds?
5	I"ll give it you well for your insolence!" and upon that she fell upon Chanticleer most lustily.
5	He now flew into a very great passion, and, suspecting the company who had come in the night before, he went to look after them, but they were all off; so he swore that he never again would take in such a troop of vagabonds, who ate a great deal, paid no reckoning, and gave him nothing for his trouble but their apish tricks.
5	Then he was very angry, and went without his supper to bed; but when he laid his head on the pillow, the pin ran into his cheek: at this he became quite furious, and, jumping up, would have run out of the house; but when he came to the door, the millstone fell down on his head, and killed him on the spot.
5	How many arts do you understand?"
5	"What art is that?" asked the fox.
5	"Is that all?" said the fox.
5	"Thou, queen, art fair, and beauteous to see, But Snowdrop is lovelier far than thee!"
5	When she heard this she turned pale with rage and envy, and called to one of her servants, and said, "Take Snowdrop away into the wide wood, that I may never see her any more."
5	The first said, "Who has been sitting on my stool?"
5	The second, "Who has been eating off my plate?"
5	The third, "Who has been picking my bread?"
5	The fourth, "Who has been meddling with my spoon?"
5	The fifth, "Who has been handling my fork?"
5	The sixth, "Who has been cutting with my knife?"
5	The seventh, "Who has been drinking my wine?"
5	Then the first looked round and said, "Who has been lying on my bed?"
5	And the rest came running to him, and everyone cried out that somebody had been upon his bed.
5	"Thou, queen, art the fairest in all this land: But over the hills, in the greenwood shade, Where the seven dwarfs their dwelling have made, There Snowdrop is hiding her head; and she Is lovelier far, O queen! than thee."
5	And she could not bear to think that anyone lived who was more beautiful than she was; so she dressed herself up as an old pedlar, and went her way over the hills, to the place where the dwarfs dwelt.
5	"There"s an end to all thy beauty," said the spiteful queen, and went away home.
5	Then they said, "The old woman was the queen herself; take care another time, and let no one in when we are away."
5	"Thou, queen, art the fairest in all this land: But over the hills, in the greenwood shade, Where the seven dwarfs their dwelling have made, There Snowdrop is hiding her head; and she Is lovelier far, O queen! than thee."
5	Then the blood ran cold in her heart with spite and malice, to see that Snowdrop still lived; and she dressed herself up again, but in quite another dress from the one she wore before, and took with her a poisoned comb.
5	When she reached the dwarfs" cottage, she knocked at the door, and cried, "Fine wares to sell!"
5	Meantime the queen went home to her glass, and shook with rage when she read the very same answer as before; and she said, "Snowdrop shall die, if it cost me my life."
5	So she went by herself into her chamber, and got ready a poisoned apple: the outside looked very rosy and tempting, but whoever tasted it was sure to die.
5	"You silly girl!" answered the other, "what are you afraid of?
5	Do you think it is poisoned?
5	Come! do you eat one part, and I will eat the other."
5	When she heard this she started with rage; but her envy and curiosity were so great, that she could not help setting out to see the bride.
5	And when he came before the enemy, there was a battle, and great danger, and it rained shot until his comrades fell on all sides, and when the leader also was killed, those left were about to take flight, but the youth stepped forth, spoke boldly to them, and cried, "We will not let our fatherland be ruined!"
5	And as he thought it came to gnaw at it, he drew his sword and said, "As long as I live, thou shalt not touch her," and hewed the snake in three pieces.
5	"Nonsense!" said the wife; "he will do it very willingly, I know; go along and try!"
5	"Husband," said she, "say no more about it, but go and try!
5	"I am king," said Ilsabill, "and you are my slave; so go at once!"
5	At this thought she was very angry, and wakened her husband, and said, "Husband, go to the fish and tell him I must be lord of the sun and moon."
5	"No," said she, "I am very uneasy as long as the sun and moon rise without my leave.
5	Go to the fish at once!"
5	Then the two sisters said to each other that they would throw the beautiful boy into the water.
5	Then the King grew angry, and ordered his wife to be cast into prison, and therein was she shut up for many long years.
5	One day he said to himself, "What shall I do with it? if I sell it, it will bring no more than another; and for eating, the little turnips are better than this; the best thing perhaps is to carry it and give it to the king as a mark of respect."
5	When the brother heard of all this, and how a turnip had made the gardener so rich, he envied him sorely, and bethought himself how he could contrive to get the same good fortune for himself.
5	However, he determined to manage more cleverly than his brother, and got together a rich present of gold and fine horses for the king; and thought he must have a much larger gift in return; for if his brother had received so much for only a turnip, what must his present be wroth?
5	When he reached home, he knew not upon whom to vent his rage and spite; and at length wicked thoughts came into his head, and he resolved to kill his brother.
5	So the student sat himself down and waited a while; but the time hung heavy upon him, and he begged earnestly that he might ascend forthwith, for his thirst for knowledge was great.
5	The man upstairs waited a short time, but as his wife did not come back and his thirst grew ever greater, he said: "I must go into the cellar myself and see where Elsie is."
5	Look how your brother works, but you do not even earn your salt."
5	He will never be good for anything as long as he lives!
5	The father sighed, and answered him: "You shall soon learn what it is to shudder, but you will not earn your bread by that."
5	"You shall soon learn what shuddering is," thought he, and secretly went there before him; and when the boy was at the top of the tower and turned round, and was just going to take hold of the bell rope, he saw a white figure standing on the stairs opposite the sounding hole.
5	"Give an answer," cried the boy, "or take yourself off, you have no business here at night."
5	The boy cried a second time: "What do you want here?--speak if you are an honest fellow, or I will throw you down the steps!"
5	Then the boy called to him for the third time, and as that was also to no purpose, he ran against him and pushed the ghost down the stairs, so that it fell down the ten steps and remained lying there in a corner.
5	Just go there and you will see if it was he.
5	She carried him down, and then with loud screams she hastened to the boy"s father, "Your boy," cried she, "has been the cause of a great misfortune!
5	He has thrown my husband down the steps so that he broke his leg.
5	Take the good-for-nothing fellow out of our house."
5	"What wicked tricks are these?" said he.
5	"The devil must have put them into your head."
5	I am quite innocent.
5	He was standing there by night like one intent on doing evil.
5	I did not know who it was, and I entreated him three times either to speak or to go away."
5	Go out of my sight.
5	I will see you no more."
5	"Learn what you will," spoke the father, "it is all the same to me.
5	So he said: "Take care, or I will hang you up again."
5	At this he grew angry, and said: "If you will not take care, I cannot help you, I will not be burnt with you," and he hung them up again each in his turn.
5	Then he sat down by his fire and fell asleep, and the next morning the man came to him and wanted to have the fifty talers, and said: "Well do you know how to shudder?"
5	"No," answered he, "how should I know?
5	Those fellows up there did not open their mouths, and were so stupid that they let the few old rags which they had on their bodies get burnt."
5	"What is it that you are always muttering between your teeth?"
5	"Enough of your foolish chatter," said the waggoner.
5	He let the host have no rest, until the latter told him, that not far from thence stood a haunted castle where anyone could very easily learn what shuddering was, if he would but watch in it for three nights.
5	Towards midnight he was about to poke his fire, and as he was blowing it, something cried suddenly from one corner: "Au, miau! how cold we are!"
5	"You fools!" cried he, "what are you crying about?
5	If you are cold, come and take a seat by the fire and warm yourselves."
5	And when he had said that, two great black cats came with one tremendous leap and sat down on each side of him, and looked savagely at him with their fiery eyes.
5	Thereupon he seized them by the throats, put them on the cutting-board and screwed their feet fast.
5	"I have looked at your fingers," said he, "and my fancy for card-playing has gone," and he struck them dead and threw them out into the water.
5	But when he had made away with these two, and was about to sit down again by his fire, out from every hole and corner came black cats and black dogs with red-hot chains, and more and more of them came until he could no longer move, and they yelled horribly, and got on his fire, pulled it to pieces, and tried to put it out.
5	He watched them for a while quietly, but at last when they were going too far, he seized his cutting-knife, and cried: "Away with you, vermin," and began to cut them down.
5	Some of them ran away, the others he killed, and threw out into the fish-pond.
5	This is not enough!"
5	"That is no part of our bargain," said the youth, "the bench is mine."
5	The man wanted to push him away; the youth, however, would not allow that, but thrust him off with all his strength, and seated himself again in his own place.
5	The dead man, however, got up and cried: "Now will I strangle you."
5	You shall at once go into your coffin again," and he took him up, threw him into it, and shut the lid.
5	"I cannot manage to shudder," said he.
5	"You wretch," cried he, "you shall soon learn what it is to shudder, for you shall die."
5	"Not so fast," replied the youth.
5	"If I am to die, I shall have to have a say in it."
5	"I will soon seize you," said the fiend.
5	"Softly, softly, do not talk so big.
5	I am as strong as you are, and perhaps even stronger."
5	"We shall see," said the old man.
5	"If you are stronger, I will let you go--come, we will try."
5	Then he led him by dark passages to a smith"s forge, took an axe, and with one blow struck an anvil into the ground.
5	"I can do better than that," said the youth, and went to the other anvil.
5	Then the youth seized the axe, split the anvil with one blow, and in it caught the old man"s beard.
5	"Now it is your turn to die."
5	Then he seized an iron bar and beat the old man till he moaned and entreated him to stop, when he would give him great riches.
5	And this at last angered her.
5	Her waiting-maid said: "I will find a cure for him; he shall soon learn what it is to shudder."
5	At night when the young king was sleeping, his wife was to draw the clothes off him and empty the bucket full of cold water with the gudgeons in it over him, so that the little fishes would sprawl about him.
5	But the dwarf was enraged at his behaviour, and laid a fairy spell of ill-luck upon him; so that as he rode on the mountain pass became narrower and narrower, and at last the way was so straitened that he could not go to step forward: and when he thought to have turned his horse round and go back the way he came, he heard a loud laugh ringing round him, and found that the path was closed behind him, so that he was shut in all round.
5	The king was at first very unwilling to let him go, but at last yielded to his wish.
5	"I have shut them up by a charm between two mountains," said the dwarf, "because they were proud and ill-behaved, and scorned to ask advice."
5	The prince begged so hard for his brothers, that the dwarf at last set them free, though unwillingly, saying, "Beware of them, for they have bad hearts."
5	When they came to the sea, they got into a ship and during their voyage the two eldest said to themselves, "Our brother has got the water which we could not find, therefore our father will forsake us and give him the kingdom, which is our right"; so they were full of envy and revenge, and agreed together how they could ruin him.
5	The old king was still very angry with his youngest son, and thought that he really meant to have taken away his life; so he called his court together, and asked what should be done, and all agreed that he ought to be put to death.
5	And the old king was very angry, and wanted to punish his wicked sons; but they made their escape, and got into a ship and sailed away over the wide sea, and where they went to nobody knew and nobody cared.
5	The boy ran thither and said: "Give me my ball out."
5	"Not till you have opened the door for me," answered the man.
5	"No," said the boy, "I will not do that; the king has forbidden it," and ran away.
5	When the king came home, he observed the empty cage, and asked the queen how that had happened.
5	In the evening Iron Hans came back, looked at the boy, and said: "What has happened to the well?"
5	But he said: "You have dipped your finger into the water, this time it may pass, but take care you do not again let anything go in."
5	Iron Hans came, and already knew what had happened.
5	"You have let a hair fall into the well," said he.
5	"I will allow you to watch by it once more, but if this happens for the third time then the well is polluted and you can no longer remain with me."
5	When he came he already knew everything, and said: "Take the handkerchief off."
5	"You have not stood the trial and can stay here no longer.
5	Go forth into the world, there you will learn what poverty is.
5	Such a thing as that had never yet come under the king"s notice, and he said: "When you come to the royal table you must take your hat off."
5	Then the king had the cook called before him and scolded him, and asked how he could take such a boy as that into his service; and that he was to send him away at once.
5	When he was ascending the stairs with them, the gardener met him, and said: "How can you take the king"s daughter a garland of such common flowers?
5	Go quickly, and get another, and seek out the prettiest and rarest."
5	"Oh, no," replied the boy, "the wild ones have more scent, and will please her better."
5	On the third day things went just the same; she could not get his cap away from him, and he would not have her money.
5	Then said the gardener"s boy: "I am grown up, and will go to the wars also, only give me a horse."
5	When they had gone forth, he went into the stable, and led the horse out; it was lame of one foot, and limped hobblety jib, hobblety jib; nevertheless he mounted it, and rode away to the dark forest.
5	Then the youth galloped thither with his iron soldiers, broke like a hurricane over the enemy, and beat down all who opposed him.
5	So he said: "I did the best of all, and it would have gone badly without me."
5	And then he was still more ridiculed."
5	The king grew angry, and said: "That is not allowed; he must appear before me and tell his name."
5	He gave the order that if the knight who caught the apple, should go away again they should pursue him, and if he would not come back willingly, they were to cut him down and stab him.
5	But when he was riding off with it, the king"s attendants pursued him, and one of them got so near him that he wounded the youth"s leg with the point of his sword.
5	She has a soft, pleasant voice, but your voice is rough; you are the wolf!"
5	The miller thought to himself: "The wolf wants to deceive someone," and refused; but the wolf said: "If you will not do it, I will devour you."
5	The mother, however, said: "Now go and look for some big stones, and we will fill the wicked beast"s stomach with them while he is still asleep."
5	The bear was about to set at the little fellow at once, and give him a hearty welcome with his paws: "Softly, softly," said the little tailor, "I will soon make thee quiet."
5	The bear put them in his mouth, but could get nothing out of them, let him bite as he would.
5	Then a vise was brought, and the bear put his claws in it, and the little tailor screwed it tight, and said, "Now wait until I come with the scissors," and he let the bear growl as he liked, and lay down in the corner on a bundle of straw, and fell asleep.
5	When they had got into the carriage, the two other tailors, who had false hearts and envied him his good fortune, went into the stable and unscrewed the bear again.
5	The bear in great fury ran after the carriage.
5	The King, who had a bad heart, and was angry about the prophecy, went to the parents, and, seeming quite friendly, said, "You poor people, let me have your child, and I will take care of it."
5	Soon afterwards the robbers came, and angrily asked what strange boy was lying there?
5	The King said in a passion, "You shall not have everything quite so much your own way; whosoever marries my daughter must fetch me from hell three golden hairs from the head of the devil; bring me what I want, and you shall keep my daughter."
5	"I smell man"s flesh," said he; "all is not right here."
5	His grandmother scolded him.
5	"It has just been swept," said she, "and everything put in order, and now you are upsetting it again; you have always got man"s flesh in your nose.
5	"Ha! what are you doing?" cried the devil angrily.
5	But leave me alone with your dreams: if you disturb me in my sleep again you will get a box on the ear."
5	The devil jumped up, roared out, and would have treated her ill if she had not quieted him once more and said, "Who can help bad dreams?"
5	"What was the dream, then?" asked he, and was quite curious.
5	Under de Gaulle , therefore , the Information Minister was a Broadcasting Minister -- to whom the head of state sometimes expressed , day by day , his anger with the content of news and current affairs programmes .
5	I felt a stifled anger against her .
5	For a moment she felt anger at his unfeeling attitude , but common sense prevailed .
5	I was very very angry to read Batty 's comments about Leeds .
5	However , in this case , the crowd was angry that extra time was not going to be played and vented their fury on the pitch and the police rather than on one another .
5	He was angry that Bernard had gone too .
5	For the Opposition , Sam Galbraith said he was particularly angry that the Government was reneging on the ballot subsidy .
5	` You 're angry I 'm here , are n't you ? "
5	` I 'm so angry our little boy is dead because someone wanted to drive fast . "
5	His mother had begun to feel very angry about his refusal to eat as he had started to lose weight , which worried her .
5	Hoskyns , who only had another year to live , was angry at his university .
5	He got quite angry at the impossibility of Clarissa having given any such instructions .
5	A European consumers ' pressure group is angry at the chaotic state of control on such potentially-lethal products .
5	My father used to get so angry at her stubbornness -- not at all like me , used to doing what I was told . "
5	I recall thinking that I had to be home soon or Mother would be angry at me for missing supper .
5	How on earth , when her heart was thumping and her body drowning in a wave of heat , could she stay angry at him ?
5	Connahs Quay were angry over Halkyn 's decision to call off their match at Pant Newydd an hour before the scheduled start .
5	Rachel could see the reasoning behind that , but nevertheless felt angry towards Damian Flint -- not because he had so obviously done the right thing , but because he was so clearly in complete control of a situation that had always been beyond Rachel .
5	When Tony 's father was interviewed he said he felt angry with Tony for having taken the tablets , especially as his girl friend , Pat , had been with him when he found Tony unconscious .
5	However , now he knew she was angry with him for leaving her for so long .
5	My father will be angry with me if you leave early ! "
5	Lissa hated the cold incisiveness of his tone , and she was angry with herself for caring so much .
5	Angry at being separated from Jeanne , Modigliani spent much of his time drinking in a windowless little bar where local artists met , where he drank and ran up debts .
5	Christina blushed , angry at being spoken to like a member of staff .
5	Town 's fans are angry at losing the club 's leading scorer .
5	Out of breath , and furious to note that he was n't even panting , she struggled to free herself , then glared at him .
5	Many of the latecomers , especially as the afternoon wore on , were furious to find the doors locked , not having heard of the noon closure and so thinking they had all day .
5	And she was furious that Mr Clarke did not break the news to her before holding a Press conference .
5	ICC chairman Sir Colin Cowdrey ( left ) is clearly furious that every time he has been ready to make a statement about the Texaco Trophy events of August 23 , Pakistan 's lawyers have threatened writs .
5	A spokesperson said : ` Glen is furious that the new ` Anarchy " promo features footage of Sid Vicious as well as himself .
5	She is furious that he has married beneath him , but appalled when her vicious attack on him threatens to end their relationship for ever .
5	Peter says : ` The Poles were furious that we wanted to show prostitutes in their hotel bar , claiming they never had them .
5	They were furious Mr Reynolds had accused their leader , Des O'Malley , of being dishonest .
5	Mayor 's chaplain Tony Rees was furious he had n't been refunded a 187 overpayment .
5	He refused to be roused by her anger , suspecting she was furious he 'd turned down her invitation to stay .
5	Apparently I was furious I had not been consulted
5	Not only was he going to be absolutely furious about her being in this police station , but she dreaded having to tell her cousin about it too .
5	On another occasion he had been struck once by another man at work and we were furious at him for not returning the blow .
5	Behind the scenes , British diplomats in Seoul , Korea were furious at the way last night 's meeting was handled .
5	She is furious at the betrayal ; and supporters of the sacked prime minister , Nawaz Sharif , have resorted to fisticuffs .
5	But today , the Oxford University Sports Director was furious at her exclusion .
5	Somerset are furious over suggestions that ` The Ghost " , who took 8 for 122 , should be left out .
5	She was furious with me .
5	At the hostel they were furious with us for bringing the police , they just wanted us out , literally , and we were out !
5	He was furious with me for ringing him .
5	Furuseth was furious with himself .
5	US banks , which also lost heavily , were furious with the Bundesbank for refusing to compensate them .
5	Conner is still furious about losing Tuesday 's protest .
5	She would be doubly furious at having been deceived in exactly the same way by two successive men .
5	The king was furious at being tricked again , and by nothing more than a pair of animals , at that .
5	He was incensed , stunned , at her action , and stood rigid with anger as he felt the slime roll down his cheek .
5	A gang of local ruffians was passing by and , when they saw what was happening , became infuriated against Richard Baxter .
5	I go along and watch women 's football and get really infuriated to see a man out there refereeing the game , and often in a very condescending manner !
5	The sources said he is infuriated with her after a row that erupted last week , and is likely to distance himself from her .
5	I was suddenly infuriated at the thought of what we had believed about the Germans in England .
5	I was even more infuriated to read that their short separation was a ` tragedy " .
5	And while she sounded sympathetic , she was in reality infuriated with Doreen .
5	His teachers were suspicious of his popularity , annoyed by his lack of interest in academic work and infuriated that he could still achieve high marks in examinations .
5	I am spell-bound by the sound of French , infuriated when I ca n't read it in the books I am given .
5	` Then you can do so today -- at the barbecue , " Lucy hissed , suddenly infuriated with them both , although more so with Silas than with Doreen .
5	` I 'm infuriated with myself , " he gritted from behind clenched teeth , his scowl deepening .
5	Mrs Rosenbloom nearly always found out about it and she would be mad that he had taken me from my work with the children .
5	They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench .
5	Gazza was blazing mad that his training ground ` discussion " had been mis-interpreted as a bust-up .
5	` Jane , my darling , it 's not because she 's mad that I hate her .
5	In fact I expect he 'll be mad I 've told you that much . "
5	He gets mad when Gary does n't sleep , he says it 's my fault , he says I make him do it  and   She stopped again .
5	` I was so mad when your father tried to twist my arm .
5	I was mad about her being killed , mad at whoever killed her .
5	Philip was mad at himself for not taking the cutters off the boy .
5	He says old Plumpton gets mad at them .
5	He must be pretty mad at her for not being at home when they arrived .
5	` You 've got every right to be mad at me , Mike .
5	And I 'm mad at you , you 've no ambition .
5	The other day he slapped Liam across the face and got mad at me when I complained .
5	She was still mad at Lucy for something , and Lucy was sure that a little time and concentration would tell her what  but for the moment , somehow , the knowledge was just out of reach .
5	` I thought perhaps you were still mad at me . "
5	` Because she still sounded mad at me , and I thought you might try to dissuade me .
5	If my Mam got mad with me for something I 'd done -- or more often something I had n't done -- she used to make moaning noises and stagger about the house as if she was dying .
5	Jack was mad and even madder with the American scandal magazine the National Enquirer , too , although that was nothing new .
5	Last night Mr Smith said : ` We are mad with this programme , and especially with Barth .
5	Lucy knew she had to tell him something , so she said , ` She got mad with me when I admitted you 'd taken me for two bush walks .
5	Hywel was glaring mad at having to put a suit on .
5	Israel is also miffed by Kohl 's plan to visit the walled Old City of east Jerusalem without Mayor Ehud Olmert .
5	One minister was miffed yesterday when he found his seat occupied by a journalist talking to a fellow cabinet member before the meeting began .
5	Ev ans was miffed at the comments and openly wondered why Bennett did n't show some respect .
5	The staunchly pro-monarchist Daily Telegraph said BBC chairman Marmaduke Hussey , whose wife is a lady-in-waiting to Queen Elizabeth II , is miffed that no one told him about the interview .
5	Prosecutors were clearly miffed that several businessman changed the statements they had given during investigation of the case .
5	Indonesian officials were somewhat miffed Friday when the mayor of Hanover , Herbert Schmalstieg , took the occasion of welcoming Suharto to lecture him about human rights violations in Indonesia .
5	--- The descendants of Sir Isaac Newton are miffed that former prime minister Maragaret Thatcher has included the 17th century discoverer of gravity on her personal coat of arms , to represent learning .
5	Stock investors were not miffed by the frantic currency markets .
5	The rebel Serbs were miffed that Bildt planned no trip to their stronghold of Pale , east of Sarajevo .
5	The rebels --- who want the government to recognize them as a legitimate force of change --- were miffed that the bill referred them in vague terms , such as `` dissenting groups in Chiapas . ''
5	The Chinese president was said to be miffed when the administration refused his request for a state visit at the White House , complete with star-spangled welcoming ceremonies and a black-tie dinner .
5	HELSINKI , Finland ( AP ) --- A Finnish orchestra on Friday completed recording a work by composer Jean Sibelius that vanished a century ago because he was miffed by criticism .
5	Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon get miffed because her establishment will replace two of their favorite hang-outs .
5	Mexico , too , was miffed because the Telmex telephone company can not gain entry to the American marketplace .
5	O'Neal seemed miffed by the whole affair .
5	He also was miffed that World Tour organizers did not contact enough players before going public .
5	Clearly miffed at the failure of their resolution , the Communists opened an attack Thursday on another front , threatening to torpedo the 1997 budget by refusing to take part in the final vote Friday .
5	LAUSANNE , Switzerland --- The IOC is miffed that baseball has n't opened the sport to professionals for the Olympics .
5	Some people simply were miffed by the red tape in applying for victim identification cards to qualify for the 100,000 yen .
5	Brazil , for example , was miffed that the summit was n't scheduled for a date after inauguration of its new president next month .
5	Diehard fans might be miffed at some of what 's left out , but it 's tough to argue against any of the songs included .
5	The Washington-based report said the queen was miffed that Clinton had missed the recent V-E Day commemorations .
5	The Direktor felt , not for the first time , deeply resentful of the fact that they had any part in choosing the programme .
5	Strangely , she felt more resentful of this lady 's peremptory commands than she ever had of those of the merchants ' wives she had previously been obliged to swallow .
5	The newcomers feel cold-shouldered by the local population on occasions and become resentful of their almost tribal clannishness .
5	The men got resentful of the women working all hours in the co-op .
5	She disliked the intimacy he showed towards some of them , was resentful of the memories they shared of which she was not a part , and felt excluded .
5	Gloom and despondency hung over the royal party and Anne was more than a little resentful of having been required to join them in sanctuary .
5	Germans were resentful of France 's post-war attempts to keep them under close control , and it could not automatically be expected that they would agree to join European institutions .
5	In the 1940s wives were still bitterly resentful of the fact that their husbands did not seem to realise that they needed leisure .
5	They must have been amazed and resentful that Pyke wanted to listen to me , of all people , someone who was barely an actor .
5	` I do n't feel resentful that God has decided to take me before my allotted span .
5	Many of the youngsters feel resentful that society is kicking them out .
5	The Germans themselves , reported William Shirer , seemed glum and resentful at the prospect of war .
5	He made a good living , and seemed resentful of his wife 's decision to take in a lodger .
5	Gina glared across the table at him , uncomfortably aware that he was the source of her unreasonable impatience , and resentful of the effect his presence was having on her .
5	She seemed nervous at first , then almost resentful of the older woman 's presence .
5	The British , however , remained suspicious of American motives , and resentful of their advice .
5	Informed by the queen-dowager of their decision , resentful at being refused permission to return home , Anne made her displeasure plain .
5	Leonora lay rigid in his arms , resentful of being carried about like a bundle of laundry .
5	I tried to show pleasure at their decision and at the same time annoyance that our contract simply would n't permit it .
5	That comes after growing Irish annoyance at the continued failure of the British to ensure that the RUC accompanies the UDR on all its operations .
5	She spoke quietly in Greek to the boy , soothing his annoyance at the turning off of the video .
5	Ronni got in , feeling a welcome dart of annoyance at the way he had issued that curt command .
5	But her annoyance over the pictures could not distract Catherine from her latest -- and biggest -- ambition .
5	Serena is torn between her sisterly love and her annoyance with Stella 's aggressive insecurity .
5	THE Banishing Gripes campaign highlighted the public 's annoyance with British Gas for the inconvenience caused by digging up roads .
5	But , despite his annoyance at being seeded No.2 to Baddeley even though he is the present No.1 , he declined to labour the point afterwards .
5	My annoyance at missing the fish turns to relief when I realise I am not snagged in the roots .
5	Suppressing her annoyance at being called " Little Sara " , she replied that all was well .
5	The Profit Share Scheme was reduced in 1992 but many members have expressed great annoyance that another scheme within the Bank netted two former members of the staff in Britain almost 218,000 between them .
5	Although this is hardly the headhunter 's fault , the candidate will naturally feel annoyance or even anger that his or her expectations have been raised and then dashed , often without much explanation .
5	By this time , Mattie was feeling irked , not by Urquhart but by O'Neill .
5	Berthon was livid at one of his cars being butchered but had to acknowledge that it handled better .
5	One farmer was livid that he could not go into his local National Park and chop wood for his barbecue .
5	Livid with rage , he grabs their cameras and rips the film from them , tearing it to shreds and throwing it in the fire .
5	` Pa would 've been livid with me for getting pregnant , and he would n't want his precious fiddle going to pay for anything to do with it . "
5	No-one could have told from his face that he was absolutely livid with Sukey , but he did n't want a row , which would upset Daisy and gee Perdita up before the interview .
5	Mr Brown was livid at the way 1 billion in precious foreign reserves was poured down the drain during the sterling fiasco a fortnight ago .
5	The Sheffield Wednesday striker was livid at finding himself back on the bench just 28 minutes after being sent on as a second-half substitute at Norwich on Saturday .
5	A stranger to the district , coming over a brow of the hill , would have stopped astonished and perhaps a little peeved to see Ploughman 's Lane lying beneath him .
5	Morrissey was obviously peeved at The Smiths continued existence as a relatively small ` cottage industry " .
5	I dare say a few prize juries might be peeved at having their judgment queried , too .
5	She thought she had given him a very tricky word , one that he would n't yet have learned , and she was peeved that he had succeeded .
5	They 're also pretty peeved at what they see as the Ministry of Agriculture 's failure to represent their interests adequately in Brussels .
5	` Why ? " sighed Petrova , a little peeved that her deductions were now proving wide of the mark .
5	I was peeved to see Robert Kilroy-Silk credited with inventing the egg trick in a recent colour supp. profile .
5	` I think your friend Billy and his fellow commandos were a bit peeved to find themselves here after the horse had bolted , so to speak . "
5	In fact , now you come to mention it , I 'm a little bit peeved with her .
5	She was cross at the way he had treated her as though she were n't a normal girl -- some kind of freak .
5	Both her mother and Lisa had been cross with her ; they both had felt she ought to settle down .
5	They were cross with each other because of him , and now Nanny was saying bad things about Smallfry that would make Buddie very , very angry .
5	And then , unable to be cross with him for long , you shift your feelings over to the critic .
5	He said he was cross with you because you keep calling him Mr Vass . "
5	Her father was cross with her , if not downright angry , and she felt like weeping inside .
5	" Do n't be cross with Jenny , " James said almost reading her mind .
5	If she did n't know him better , she would have said he was cross with her .
5	Perversely , she was cross with him for having survived when she had spent the weekend fretting .
5	She said : ` Do n't be cross with them .
5	Except when he gets cross with us sometimes .
5	I think he was in a hurry and was cross about being stopped , " said an eyewitness .
5	He is cross at having to come here when his time with Enid is so short .
5	Having already paid for my return ticket I was cross at having to buy another one , and even more upset at having to pay extra for the one-way ticket and convert sterling at an unfavourable rate .
5	Darling Bob , do n't be cross if I have n't got it right , but is it one of your beloved American writers ?
5	The members of the branch were indignant that the government should have planted two spies among them .
5	I began to dislike her ; she looked sly and I felt indignant that she 'd spoken to me like that .
5	` He deserves a proper thrashing , " Cissie protested , fiercely indignant that she had been unable to defend herself while her cowardly brother took delight in whipping her .
5	Thora is a strong supporter of Help The Aged , and highly indignant that older people are often treated differently the moment they become pensioners .
5	Jess felt faintly indignant at the remark .
5	I felt indignant at this casual assumption .
5	At first Anne felt indignant with Joe , but when she thought it over , realised the good sense of his warning .
5	The waitress returns , now indignant with her boss for his bought-and-paid-for apathy .
5	By now the priest was becoming exasperated with the child who in turn was becoming ever more stubborn by the minute .
5	There was a woman who wanted me to call her mother , and then called me awkward , exasperated and frightened with the dreams and the screams .
5	` There is exasperation that it is taking so long .
5	Mr Patten , however , is engaged in more than simply relieving his own exasperation at Beijing 's procrastination .
5	In recent months a growing number of federal judges and lawyers have voiced their exasperation with America 's approach to drugs .
5	It was a mixture of amusement and exasperation with her friend , with worry added .
5	Richard Nixon repeatedly expressed his exasperation at having to work with an unresponsive bureaucracy .
5	And as the aspirations of the various professions , of students , of the ` third element " rose , so did their exasperation at continuing official inefficiency , corruption and oppression .
5	meeting tiff at the mall soon, congrats on getting that L babes❣
5	Anger that you are willing to take out on people &amp; the world in general, &amp; ALL #police, is WORST, most indefensible kind of #anger.
5	Anger that you are willing to take out on people &amp; the world in general, &amp; ALL #police, is WORST, most indefensible kind of .
5	@_Mrs_Peel @lp_lisa @PaulRGoulden @LisaLuscious Might be the pout of a star baker tho !
5	He's seriously so frustrating sometimes! (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ #ugh #raging
5	He's seriously so frustrating sometimes! (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ #ugh
5	@Sirenja_ @JaxOfBo (like, hope i didn't offend with my commentary - it wasn't what I was intending!)
5	@PAULROVlA the first resulted in me angrily sobbing and ranting about finnick in the cinema
5	#Pain is an aspect of #human evolution; the evolution of #consciousness. #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears #fury #anger #O
5	#Pain is an aspect of #human evolution; the evolution of #consciousness. #attachments #desire #apathy #sentimentality #tears   #O
5	i used to think the fire detector going off at my old place when boiling water was bad but this one went off bc of DUST and wouldnt turn off
5	@Claymakerbigsi @toghar11 @scott_mulligan_ @BoxingFanatic_ Fucker blocked me 2 years ago over a question lol - proper holds a grudge old Joe
5	Fucking hell. Rush for the damn train also no use. Fucking 4min wait. Still sweating. #rage #smrtruinslives
5	Fucking hell. Rush for the damn train also no use. Fucking 4min wait. Still sweating.  #smrtruinslives
5	@politicalTigres @Saifullah_Uchvi welcome ji . sorry for words that irritate u
5	dammit @TMobile whays going on!!! 😤😤😤😤 lol  #smh #mobilefails
5	dammit @TMobile whays going on!!! 😤😤😤😤 lol #raging #smh #mobilefails
5	People are #hurt and #angry and it's hard to know what to do with that #anger Remember, at the end of the day, we're all #humans #bekind
5	@grumpy_pumper I involuntarily smile when you frown in photos. And giggle. How annoying!!
5	@Markk1872  Red heads are more fiery.
5	@Kristiann1125 lol wow i was gonna say really?! haha have you seen chris or nah? you dont even snap me anymore dude!
5	@MisterAK47 it's very telling that racist bigots always resort to the insult 'fag' like that's worse than being a racist bigot.
5	@brooklynbreeder \nI could not believe that their answer to his outrage was that they were right. I do hope he takes them to the cleaners.
5	im 16 if you want to see my dick snap/kik me at hiya2247 😘 #kik #kikme #snapchat  #snapme #horny #porn #naked #young
5	im 16 if you want to see my dick snap/kik me at hiya2247 😘 #kik #kikme #snapchat #snap #snapme #horny #porn #naked #young
5	How on earth can the projection of all that is good and happy and true in my soul be a poisonous fucking snake? #patronus #adder #offended
5	How on earth can the projection of all that is good and happy and true in my soul be a poisonous fucking snake? #patronus #adder
5	bows are world of tank creats rubberbath sting weeks of
5	@iAmSJ I'm so mad for our clients I'm furious lmao
5	the Bushes were good with the forces of resentment when it made them money and gave them power. Now that it doesn't they've changed tunes.
5	I'd pay good money to watch someone slap that pout off Candice.
5	@Lizombi There's a difference though. A grudge cab be tamed. Feeling uncomfortable is pure emotion, you can't really control it.
5	Hell hath no fury like a sound technician scorned'\n\nThat's the quote right
5	Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned. ― Milton Friedman
5	Wow... One of my dads top favorite throwback rappers just died in a fiery car crash today in Atlanta, so sad so sad 😷😷
5	Undifferentiated otherwise patent closest patron braininess ideas that incense the offensive lineman: wHYaNEWG
5	tbh amy i don't know why you need to sort your life out, it's looks like your having a great time' thanks tiff 😂💜
5	@CNNnewsroom @BrookeBCNN What can't you grasp? Besides yr cognitive dissonance, raging away. Each. Incident. Re: LEO-shooting = SEPARATE.
5	Feel the wrath of my air-dropped pamphlets!
5	Okay you've annoyed me, you haven't done a good job there at all.
5	Okay you've annoyed me, you haven't done a good job there at all. #furious
5	Losing the will 2 live with @virginmedia business bb gone down on hold for 23 minutes &amp; whoever picked up cut me off #fuming #NoWorkForMe
5	Losing the will 2 live with @virginmedia business bb gone down on hold for 23 minutes &amp; whoever picked up cut me off  #NoWorkForMe
5	Now that the n word is normalized by the media? Just wow. No words for this . No. Words. For . This. Frog been boiling in the pot via media.
5	@Arsenal Giroud's beard is making me angry.
5	@theGenghisJon You had to do some research to come up with new insult.  Are you allowed to read anything but brietbart?
5	#IndiaMissingIndira that she could never solve Kashmir Problem and kept it burning for Vote Bank\n#TerrorStatePak
5	Don't chase fame\nif you're going\nto resent it\nwhen it starts\nchasing you'\nWRDSMTH
5	@lericoo 35. Do you hold a grudge against your ex?
5	@washingtonpost#Trump's #fear &amp; #anger are similar to what #Hitler preached to come to power in Germany. Wake up America!!
5	@RussellHartness @Mariners @BlueJays :  Wrongdoing!  Grrr.  After the fact, I know, but emailing displeasure now anyway .
5	@Kailyew hahah tiff sent me that too😂
5	@JaredWyand Maybe if it was transgender the media would cover it #outrage
5	@JaredWyand Maybe if it was transgender the media would cover it
5	I either look like a raging bitch, or I'm obnoxiously laughing at something not that funny. I don't think there's any middle ground.
5	Being #relentless is absolutely the only way to success. Never, ever, ever give up!
5	I'm not use to getting up early asf this shit goin irritate me.
5	@RossKemp watching on +1. I would have been straight out of there with the guy who was getting irate! #ExtremeWorld
5	@jbiggy13 @ToneCapone111 ya and the d was what I was most confident about..... our offense is as good as it's been in 20 years...our d sucks
5	Men in rage strike those that wish them best.  #emotions #negative #positive #wish #strike #martial #arts #control #believe #best #hope
5	Extremely bitter about the fact that the Subway in Robart's has been replaced with a low-rent version of Chipotle
5	@Mysbananen yes hc and we got him very low. I know how it feels. Our damage is low enough as it is never mind having the rng of being enrage
5	Ultimately, #KeithScott wasn't the man they were there to hand an arrest warrant to. That's what we know. That's enough to cause outrage.
5	@TalkTalkCare  how on earth can I send an email to you? Very annoyed customer!!! #fuming
5	@TalkTalkCare  how on earth can I send an email to you? Very annoyed customer!!!
5	@MartinClouseau - as CEO of a charity you could reasonably expect @eduardo_LACS not to attempt to crudely inflame tensions.
5	@DP3520 lol they are madden tubers u dont know nothing bout madden cuz id smash on you
5	Look what we have available in store now!!!\n\nLiquid incense for those who can't burn sticks or cones or have smoke in they home!!!!
5	Honestly fuming
5	@happyandbashful @Teigngardener @CEVokins @gardengirllucy Don't provoke the Voke.
5	@alour @jkramon1313 you should force your neighbours to pay that!  Those people have some nerve!!!  #Victim
5	Everyone is raging
5	Connie's fuming at Bake Off and went 'fuck this I'm starting on the vodka'
5	No respect for people who force their opinions on to others yet get offended when someone does the same to them 😂
5	@CBSBigBrother she's pathetic!!! Hated Nicole for being cute &amp; having a showmance &amp; she couldn't get one! #bitter #uglycry #BBMichelle 😖
5	@GroovyBruce @larsrjs44 @AshvsEvilDead the 'groovier' part is an affront to common decency. No way @VancityReynolds agrees.
5	@emilieragann did another bee sting you on the tongue ?
5	@natalie_bloomer You interviewed one irate group, two filmmakers who don't live here and got stock statements. That's not journalism.
5	🏆 #Success is the best #revenge. Whatever you're thinking about doing ... do something better. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
5	James: no 500k, no 50k, no 25k, no 10k. You fucked up. #bb18 #bitter  #shouldofVotedforNicole
5	James: no 500k, no 50k, no 25k, no 10k. You fucked up. #bb18  #shouldofVotedforNicole
5	These people irritate tf out of me I swear 🙄 I'm goin to sleep ✌🏾️
5	Probably gonna end up seriously poorly at some point soon, so tired, and go from freezing to boiling in the space of seconds
5	me: wow today's such a good day \n*an hour later: burns food, gets sick, spills boiling hot water on myself*\nme: never mind
5	Blood is boiling
5	i already gets aggravated too fast like why aggravate me on purpose?
5	@DonnyMurray I'm just no offended by stuff.We're gettin a situ where folk moan about the Polis/SNP but then happy to snitch when offended...
5	#Azerbaijan #Baku Azerbaijan to prevent another Armenian provocation in Russia
5	@Matt_Lat fuming ain't the word
5	I heard Movie Bob was furious about the Skittles analogy. He was upset that there wasn't actually any Skittles.
5	Who the hell is drilling outside my house?! Literally got to sleep at half four after a busy shift and these twats have woken me up
5	Who the hell is drilling outside my house?! Literally got to sleep at half four after a busy shift and these twats have woken me up #fuming
5	10 minutes with an incense and all I get is 2 Rattatas. 😂#PokemonGO
5	@bassekraah. @sunilddesai @jyoti1013 @Archnahr . A2: #irritation and isolation #lifenabler
5	@Cass_Pennant @frankbrunoboxer @WestHamUtd @davidgold @MaccaFrank @JonjoHeuerman @WestHamMagazine @CasualMind_ @karren_brady it's an insult.
5	Joes gf started singing all star and then Joe got angry and was all sing it right and started angrily singing it back at her
5	#DonKing lion of #black community speaks truth to power of @POTUS insult 'black vote is given away cavalierly...playing by (@TheDemocrats)'
5	@BI_Science Opioid rapid pill plague...Speed generations Pulse Rapid rabid Impairment Ist Choice Stacked usage vs street ingestion demo US
5	@cameronNewton #colinkaepernick protests because of the unjust murder of #keithlamontscott in North Carolina #injustice #outrage #speakout
5	@cameronNewton #colinkaepernick protests because of the unjust murder of #keithlamontscott in North Carolina #injustice  #speakout
5	@TobyIrish1 Yes but you were specifically fuming about him not signing enough people
5	#BB18 Michelle crying  again #shocking #bitter He's  just not that into you 😢#TeamNicole
5	And Republicans, you, namely Graham, Flake, Sasse and others are not safe from my wrath, hence that Hillary Hiney-Kissing ad I saw about you
5	just waggled my eyebrows up and down at the baby and she burst out laughing i love her haha
5	Ive always wondered how long Angelina put up with Brad's crap. Not gon lie 😐
5	Ive always wondered how long Angelina put up with Brad's crap. Not gon lie 😐 #bitter
5	You boys dint know the game am I the game... life after death... better chose and know who side you on before my wrath does come upon us😤😤😤
5	Changed my clothes at work and had my pre-workout..  In route to the gym and there is traffic all over - pre workout kicking in.. #rage
5	Changed my clothes at work and had my pre-workout..  In route to the gym and there is traffic all over - pre workout kicking in..
5	I just killed a spider so big it sprayed spider guts on me like a horror movie.\n #ugh
5	@Uncle_Brown22 yeah dude! Appreciate the #support! #Notorious on ABC, peep it! #grateful #relentless
5	@Uncle_Brown22 yeah dude! Appreciate the #support! #Notorious on ABC, peep it! #grateful
5	Don't be offended,\nI'm just doing something that,\nGives your life more hurts.\n\n#haikuchallenge #offend #poetry
5	Don't be offended,\nI'm just doing something that,\nGives your life more hurts.\n\n #haikuchallenge  #poetry
5	I can't have a dog in my flat! Literally no reason either! Sorry potential doggie! #landlords #doglover #sad #angry #rescuedog #dog ;_;
5	@interception225 you're looking for an argument that i'm not engaging in. He's not even speaking his own words, i'm not raging at him.
5	@simondawkins23 @Titchlar81 clicked the wrong side was fuming 😭
5	@laray_jenkins2 @SportsInsights yeah I know it unless our offense can get something going. That's a big if
5	#ParentsofAddicts: let #wellness be your #revenge! -Al Anon speaker
5	@andrew_jrt I don't really understand the burst and semi auto version bc the damage doesn't change so those are essentially useless
5	@tommyrosen @InTheRoomsCEO @cate_baily Always so happy to support you brother. Keep that fire burning &lt;3
5	@MJPWGaming exactly not some flaming reject from fast and furious
5	@macmel19 come play madden at my house after school
5	I swear I got anger issues but my heart big AF...
5	as someone that's struggled w EDs since i was 7y/o, i resent everyone who's making a spectacle of a certain youtuber who has severe anorexia
5	@TheJuanWilliams Where is your indignation and outrage over the UNARMED DEAF WHITE man who was shot and killed by black officer in CLT, NC?
5	I just poured boiling water on my foot.. now my cup of tea is less enjoyable, but worse my football career is foiled.
5	Janice Griffith snap story  😍😍😍
5	@atheist_taco @DrJillStein :^) well cucks among her ranks agree equally about their outrage of black youths shot and harambe.
5	I'm much to full of resentment
5	That last #madden commercial 😆😆😆😆😆😆 #TNF
5	@Plasma_Assassin @ArmouredDove @BallsOnY0u N-no. Because of your wrath.
5	@dreamsandpocky Like, despite all my irritation towards ur ship, at least its canon. BuckyNat is canon, (and clintwanda is canon)
5	whenever i pout i just want Adrian to appear and tell me to stop pouting or else
5	@Supergold2002 Terence- got a lot of anger issues from my family and school.
5	Stk is expensive but i'f rather take a bigger female there than tiff. You all see how slim she is and how she loves to eat.
5	@LethalWeaponFOX promised I wouldn't live tweet, but  @DamonkWayans + @ClayneCrawford brought it! @JordanaBrewster and #furious action FTW!
5	I think it's time to change my #irate motif, now that #TalkLikeAPirate Day is over, but...Pirate Minion is so cute, I don't want to. 😟
5	interesting that we,an Authentic Afghan Restaurant,R getting calls from the media over resent tragedy that happened in NJ@latimes @NBCNews
5	You ever just be really irritated with someone u love it's like god damn ur makin me angry but I love u so I forgive u but I'm angry
5	ramos does what he does best burning haters with his head
5	@Apple thanks for ios10 update, even the best app @telegram freezing and crashing on SE. #angry
5	@Apple thanks for ios10 update, even the best app @telegram freezing and crashing on SE.
5	not near my kitchen so unfortunately I cannot do a cooking snap series 🍳
5	Does Bret have a point? Cena, Balor, sting...
5	revenge
5	@jackmegawphoto what if lives are attached to real estate? Shall I come trash your cameras because I'm angry with what your race is doing?
5	@EmmaHobbs1 I did that! 3 days later my order isn't even in the same postcode as me #fuming
5	@EmmaHobbs1 I did that! 3 days later my order isn't even in the same postcode as me
5	This makes things easier and compact and less fiery or burdened by the weight of sexuality. One releases in the transmutation
5	@JordySloan love that Jordy #revenge ⚽️
5	@matthew_meadows Since it's a friend of Pereg's I don't want to offend :) #Peace
5	Just love Matthew Parris! Political rage is good!
5	I'm not sure if burning and looting really can positively impact a community
5	The book im riteing about wots happond has made them moor angry but im not here to plese man or hide the eval deeds of some
5	@Andy1129298 @hopheaddarrell fingers of fury!
5	Every day I think my #house 🏡 is #burning 🔥 but it's always just my neighbor burning their #toast! 😷😡🍞
5	Professor: introduce yourselves and say one interesting fact\n\nHi I'm Ethan and the Sun will engulf our planet in a fiery explosion one day
5	@RelUnrelated While I do not see Sailer Mars being a raging liberal, I doubt that she would say such a thing.
5	He who is affected by an insult is infected by it.
5	@RogueFatale Oh, you insult me! What, you think just because I look like this, I'm psycho? I'm more sane than most Gotham freaks...
5	You insult the late Sherri Martel
5	Seeing double am so tired but I always grudge getting off my phone at night 🙄
5	@baileygazteacow NO. The gay guy and the dad revenge fucking
5	@sarahhiggins90 @lokiscottishrap So much animosity towards Loki who is fighting the same battle as you. Surely not the best use of energy.
5	maps by the yeah yeah yeahs came on the radio today and i almost burst into tears
5	Just saw lil homie @NICKMERCS rage on cam.  Weren't roids a thing in the late 90's or has it come back? I'm lost...
5	Stupid people piss me off...busted my ass...and my coworker takes off with all the tips...thnx for nothing #angry #thatsmyluck
5	Stupid people piss me off...busted my ass...and my coworker takes off with all the tips...thnx for nothing  #thatsmyluck
5	But if you wish to live bitter because your guilty conscience made you think it applied to you as well then that's on you, I'm not sorry💁🏻😊
5	@KClarkSC2 @JohamasSC2 with their faggy colors are nice' is ok too. Even tho some might take offense because WORDS LOL.
5	Can we get a shot of Lingys face at 1/4 time ? Pretty sure it would be more red then his hair #fuming #pretendinghesok #ruok #AFLCatsSwans
5	Can we get a shot of Lingys face at 1/4 time ? Pretty sure it would be more red then his hair  #pretendinghesok #ruok #AFLCatsSwans
5	@LindaStein1 Me too,I really hope the writers decide to give us an return to McDanno we all love w/o resentment &amp; animosity fingers crossed
5	kenny - where were you born\nme - washington\nkenny - you fucking liar you were born in the fiery pits of hell
5	I am their fury. I am their patience. I am a conversation.
5	@MintMilana where is the outrage when black children get killed in the crossfire between blacks shooting each other?
5	@CPPSmeofficial tiff.
5	I bet @mmunro91 is fuming with our draw 👀
5	Will I offend you\nif I am truthful but kind\nor will you see why?\n@baffled #haikuchallenge #offend
5	Will I offend you\nif I am truthful but kind\nor will you see why?\n@baffled #haikuchallenge
5	@StrangeFacesLA why doesn't this account follow me #offended
5	@StrangeFacesLA why doesn't this account follow me
5	i swear to god the worst drug is loving someone. physical withdrawals aren't that bad, emotional withdrawals sting a little more
5	@HuffingtonPost huff i know your pro-hillary and so is CNN and MSNBC, but they made no mention of this, this statement would be gold for em
5	@Christelle_C Actually, wait, I do, the constant outrage thing gets on my wick sometimes and it happened to flick my annoyance today. :)
5	He's mixing it up pretty well..using that slider pretty affective so far #thebabybombers #yankees #offense
5	He's mixing it up pretty well..using that slider pretty affective so far #thebabybombers #yankees
5	@lmench i'm actually offended by it.  naming the most fattening sandwich after a man who died of coronary disease likely due to his diet?
5	ya girl is #bitter
5	ya girl is
5	Another loss to city in the cup next 🙈 😂😂 cmon united! #revenge
5	Another loss to city in the cup next 🙈 😂😂 cmon united!
5	Stuck in a infuriate scrum about hegemonists.  #scrum #scrum #Stuck
5	Stuck in a infuriate scrum about hegemonists. #infuriate #scrum #scrum #Stuck
5	Boy oh boy! our weekday schedule is crazy! But no matter how tired I am I do whatever it takes to keep the smile on Kai's face from a frown
5	Like he really just fucking asked me that.
5	Like he really just fucking asked me that. #offended
5	Who allowed Pereira to start taking all the set pieces? fuming
5	@robert7019 @itzamadhouse @skyler12388\r\ralso celebrate THEIR belief that Jesus is alive in hell, boiling in a pot of shit (actual shit)
5	So fucking mad my blood boiling.
5	@1BearTruth standard bitter response .... how's it feel to be the small club in a big city
5	I be trying to not stay playing madden and 2k 17 but its just so addictive 😭😭
5	@AshitaNoJoe55 i m not a big fan of @mkatju , but what i found logical and right.. i support that... no offense to anyone
5	I am their fury. I am their patience. I am a conversation. 💙❤️✨
5	Dude go out his way to irritate me🙄🙄 that's why I go out my way to not give up any pussy🙅🏾🅿️
5	@kylemuir17 @Ealvarezfight @danawhite @TheNotoriousMMA he'll defend his belt against aldo after its not that hard u grudge holding bitch
5	@CallofDuty how do u guys determine teams? Cause I'm 80% on shitty teams when I play and I'm fuckin over it #cod
5	@CallofDuty how do u guys determine teams? Cause I'm 80% on shitty teams when I play and I'm fuckin over it #cod #rage
5	Not by wrath does one kill, but by laughter.  Friedrich Nietzsche #friedrichnietzsche
5	@ggreenwald What if the supposed animosity is all bullshit to con the Iranians?
5	Will BYU's offense score 24+ vs WVU?
5	Id love 2 c Gyimah in action but his coach is holding a grudge against him!
5	Forgiving means operating with God's spirit &amp; God isn't unforgiving &amp; doesn't hold a grudge. So who am I? Exactly.
5	i've got a lot of tokens saved up and i wanna spam the event song but my eyes sting im so tired
5	How the fu*k! Who the heck! moved my fridge!... should I knock the landlord door. #angry #mad ##
5	So my Indian Uber driver just called someone the N word. If I wasn't in a moving vehicle I'd have jumped out #disgusted
5	@DPD_UK I asked for my parcel to be delivered to a pick up store not my address #fuming #poorcustomerservice
5	so ef whichever butt wipe pulled the fire alarm in davis bc I was sound asleep #pissed #angry #upset #tired #sad #tired #hangry ######
5	Don't join @BTCare they put the phone down on you, talk over you and are rude. Taking money out of my acc willynilly! #fuming
5	My blood is boiling
5	When you've still got a whole season of Wentworth to watch and a stupid cunt in work ruins it for us 😭😭 @__KirstyGA #raging #oldcunt
5	@bt_uk why does tracking show my equipment delivered, when it wasn't? Why is my service suddenly delayed? We've already 3 weeks. #fuming
5	@TeamShanny legit why i am so furious with him, people are such fucking idiots.
5	How is it suppose to work if you do that? Wtf dude? Thanks for pissing me off.
5	im so mad about power rangers. im incensed. im furious.
5	Wont use using @mothercareuk @Mothercarehelp again!! These guys cant get nothing right!! #fuming
5	Bitches aggravate like what inspires you to be the biggest cunt known to man kind?
5	Why does @dapperlaughs have to come to Glasgow on a night I am working. I am fucking gutted, been waiting for an appearance for ages #raging
5	Fuking fuming 😤
5	Zero help from @ups customer service. Just pushing the buck back and forth and promising callbacks that don’t happen. #anger #loathing
5	@ArizonaCoyotes not to mention the GRA guy stops me but let's the 2 ppl in front of me go. WTF. My blood is boiling.
5	I hate my lawn mower. If it had a soul, I'd condemn it to the fiery pits of Hell.
5	why are people so offended by kendall he ends photo shoot like seriously shut the fuck up
5	I'm about to block everyone everywhere posting about the storm. I think everyone is aware of the damn rain and what not so quit. #damn
5	Making my buddy cry !! Bitch wait for revenge 🤗👌🏻
5	Bes! You don't just tell a true blooded hoopjunkie to switch a f*c@n' team that juz destroyed your own team. You juz don't! #insult
5	I got a NO RESPONSE again from an #irate customer of #amazon 😞😞\nwhy can't they understand that it's not always amazon fault..\n#carrierfault
5	Tasers immobilize, if you taser someone why the fuck do you need to shoot them one second later?! This is really sick! #rage #wtf  #murder
5	@LeKingCoq @MistaAggy @GiovanniiDC The way my blood is boiling, little bastards!
5	Actually fuming I have nothing to wear Saturday
5	.@DIVAmagazine than straight people. Even the arse straight guys who think that means a threesome is fine. #angry #fuming
5	Bloody parking ticket 😒💸 #fuming
5	You ever just find that the people around you really irritate you sometimes? That's me right now 😒
5	I get so angry at people that don't know that you don't have a stop sign on Francis and you do at Foster #road
5	This fuck you is boiling up inside, its not gonna be good when I let it out.
5	@VodafoneUKhelp @VodafoneUK wow!! My bill is £44.77 and hav a text from u to prove that and you have taken £148!!!!! #swines #fuming #con!
5	I blame the whole season on Natalie! The season would have been so different had she not turned her back on her alliance! #pissed
5	Since the 'update' my @iPhone loses power nearly 40% faster.  #furious
5	@bringyouhome2 I'm about to fly into a fit of rage it's not FAIR
5	Unbelievable takes 10 minutes to get through to @BarclaysUK then there's a fault and the call hangs up #fuming #treatcustomersfairly
5	@ggreenwald @SusanSarandon We are blaming 5% of the fucking idiots who are putting the World in the middle of their tantrums. You are one.
5	@SunandBeachBum 'you people' infuriate me!
5	@rtrn94 Mine is that the party did decide but the party has been slowly transformed into a vengeful hell-cult of white male resentment
5	So #angry about my @WishShopping order. 6 #months ago I placed an order of over $500. Card billed. Never #received \n#disappointing
5	Still can't log into my fucking Snapchat#Snapchat #snap
5	@ThomsonCares Sam- yes we have! Not helpful at all! We need this sorting ASAP! You keep promising stuff that doesn't happen!!!! #fuming
5	SOMEONE LET SNAKES IN MY HOUSE, I BET IT @Ya_Boi_Huck I KILL THAT BUGGER WHEN I GET MY HANDS ON HIM #rage #HuckFP2
5	so ef whichever butt wipe pulled the fire alarm in davis bc I was sound asleep #pissed  #upset #tired #sad #tired #hangry ######
5	Why does @dapperlaughs have to come to Glasgow on a night I am working. I am fucking gutted, been waiting for an appearance for ages
5	i feel furious
5	Some Mexican ladies irritate the fuck outta me. Have a their own lil preschool of fucking kids for the welfare &amp; allllat smh.
5	Still can't log into my fucking Snapchat #Snapchat
5	I blame the whole season on Natalie! The season would have been so different had she not turned her back on her alliance! #pissed #bitter
5	People irritate my MF soul
5	Im so angry 😂🙃
5	People fuckin irritate me
5	@leesyatt you are a cruel, cruel man. #therewillbeblood #revenge
5	That way ur so angry you can literally feel ur blood boiling
5	@KatzeAnilothei this amount of greedy mooching makes me snarl.
5	My mind is raging and i just want to end it all
5	Absolutely fuming that some woman jumped into my prebooked taxi and drove off 😡
5	I'm nothing but a hateful and bitter fag
5	@FitnessFirstAU something needs to be done about people hogging machines - nobody can use 3 machines at one time! #angry #notfair #whypay
5	@JrDingy96 Ikr people still got a grudge against him for no reason like wtf?!
5	@lynnew69 then he said talking about wills uncontrollable animals when moving to another link. These comments do not help! #fuming
5	@paulbushnell25 @EE bad news if ordered online it hasn't gone through same happened to me had to re order on the phone #furious
5	So angry I wanna cry😢😢😢
5	OOOOOOOOH MY GOD UUUUGGGGHHHHHHHHH
5	Boycotting @DunkinDonuts till butter pecan comes back. I am furious
5	In 2016, Black people are STILL fighting to be recognized as human beings. #cantsleep #angry
5	my mom cut my phone off and I'm so furious 🤗
5	Once again the only thing on my feed is naay raging about something and my brother filling in all the gaps
5	can't believe Achilles killed me! #angry
5	I lost a couple niggas I want revenge so put me in coach
5	@mjmralph then it's poor packaging my Amazon and the fulfilled seller should be furious as much as you 😕
5	Where's your outrage when a black man kills another black man in the streets?
5	it makes me so fucking irate jesus. nobody is calling ppl who like hajime abusive stop with the strawmen lmao
5	Absolutely fuming I've just scratched all my car 😡😡😡😡😡😡
5	@Ms_HeartAttack holy shit it just a bee sting like fuck you're not dying
5	How the fu*k! Who the heck! moved my fridge!... should I knock the landlord door.  #mad ##
5	I dislike people who get offended by the littlest shit .
5	What the fuck am I supposed to do with no lunch, no dinner, no money and I'm off to work #furious #hangry #day5
5	@justyne_haley it does. if one person ruins season 13 for me, I will be so angry
5	What the fuck am I supposed to do with no lunch, no dinner, no money and I'm off to work  #hangry #day5
5	@firstleeds not only are your buses unreliable your e ticket app is too unable to get on two buses and late for work #fuming #useless reply
5	So my Indian Uber driver just called someone the N word. If I wasn't in a moving vehicle I'd have jumped out #disgusted #offended
5	The liberal outrage over don king saying the N-word really angers me. The white yuppie progressives can go fuck themselves, shame on blacks
5	Just paid for chicken at @panerabread and didn't even get any 😑😑😑 there goes 4 dollars and me as a customer #angry
5	but that was a mistake and a half assed excuse and now here i am burning in hell forever
5	@ManUtd you have had from me over the years is irrelevant. Its an absolute joke. #manutd #ticketing #fuming #noloyalty #joke #notimpressed
5	@hollyrobinson__ Part 2-was buzzing for a cheeky squashie or two-this was NOT what i expected.SORT IT OUT! #food #angry  @coopuk @coopukfood
5	Tasers immobilize, if you taser someone why the fuck do you need to shoot them one second later?! This is really sick!  #wtf #murder
5	Bes! You don't just tell a true blooded hoopjunkie to switch a f*c@n' team that juz destroyed your own team. You juz don't!
5	@ChurdAllan fucked my coupon that goal! #raging
5	LVG bribed all the refs against Utd for his own personal revenge. That was a foul you prick.
5	Now that the whole clown rage has scared me shitless, I'm gonna go cry in my room
5	Worst juror ever? Michelle. You were Nicole's biggest threat. #bitter #bb18
5	Your twitter picture just makes me fume.
5	@leesyatt you are a cruel, cruel man. #therewillbeblood
5	That's really it for my madden career that game sucks , ea sports does a piss poor job every year on that shit
5	@NeoFundie @fitchest Ha. Right. I'm from San Jose, CA, and I was offended right there with you. Dave, go on a walk or something next time.
5	@FitnessFirstAU something needs to be done about people hogging machines - nobody can use 3 machines at one time!  #notfair #whypay
5	I wonder what American city will be next to protest about police shootings. Who's next? Smh. #whenwillitstop #angry #howmanymoretimes
5	@politico @realDonaldTrump another angry white man!
5	Have wee pop socks on and they KEEP FALLING OFF INSIDE MY SHOES #rage
5	The majority of people irritate the fuck out of me, cba with people ahahah
5	@oscar_perria a multimillionaire spoiled brat who gets In a self righteous huff bc his friend is Muslim is a non starter bye!
5	Wont use using @mothercareuk @Mothercarehelp again!! These guys cant get nothing right!!
5	@kingvee_ don't provoke me to anger
5	You complain all the time and then wonder why people never want to see you. You acc rile me up. Stfuuu!!!!
5	Bloods boiling
5	Leave it on there, rule,nimber 1 of carpet cleaning!!! #furious #worsethananatomicbomb #accidentlyspillbeeronthecarpet
5	@DarkLuneFantasy wallah my blood is boiling I need to take a nap ugh
5	I swear if @devincameron23 blocks me I'm going to hit her back
5	@jennylhowe I am angry at the student for being a racist, and the teacher for not stopping it, and at the class for letting it go by.
5	I'm about to block everyone everywhere posting about the storm. I think everyone is aware of the damn rain and what not so quit. #damn #rage
5	I'm just a fuming ball of anger today 🙃
5	I didn't find out about this till today due to my bff telling me. I am so disgusted and offended by this.
5	@VerizonSupport thanks for saying My wife and I were getting our iphones today and then losing both of them with no ETA #thanks #angry
5	A @FirstBSA not turning up? Why am I not surprised. Late for work again! #fuming
5	Police Officers....should NOT have the right to just 'shoot' human beings without provocation. It's wrong.\n\n@ORConservative @MichaelaAngelaD
5	angry already
5	... flat party and I instantly get bollocked about it. #fuming
5	@XemitSellsMagic add tracking but resent them
5	@FoxNews @SheriffClarke @FoxNewsInsider This man is an affront to our justice system.
5	SOMEONE LET SNAKES IN MY HOUSE, I BET IT @Ya_Boi_Huck I KILL THAT BUGGER WHEN I GET MY HANDS ON HIM  #HuckFP2
5	@ChronAVT ummm, the blog says 'with Simon Stehr faking 7th'...I'll expect an investigation forthwith. This is an #outrage
5	@GroupAnon black armed thug with a record carrying gun illegally gets shot by black cop. #outrage   This is a joke.Let em destroy their town
5	..... wakes up and says 'have you tried changing her nappy?' 😡👊🏼 #rage!!!!
5	Someone needs to tell Candice she'll be stuck with that shitty pout if the wind changes. #GBBO
5	@brian5or6 turn that shit off!   Home Button under Accessibility. \n\nWhen did innovation become mind fuckery? . #iphonePhoneHome
5	I just love it when people make plans for me without actually including me in this process #rage
5	@ggreenwald Smh, remove ideologically bankrupt and opportunistic establishment now. They're burning all bridges and social contracts. #anger
5	@brendancoots where's your outrage that your party nominated a lying, corrupt person? And received donations from nations who support terror
5	@edquinn63 how can you even forget to pick ur fave child up from school #offended
5	I get so angry at people that don't know that you don't have a stop sign on Francis and you do at Foster #road #rage
5	@soyoprincess they irritate me. Them and their inch thick made up masks
5	@ChurdAllan fucked my coupon that goal!
5	How was Natalie one of the top three favorites?! #toofaced and #bitter 🙄
5	@dcexaminer Democrats and their voters have zero tolerance for honesty. They associate honesty with anger and hate.
5	@gerfingerpoken #rage?? The #CrookedCourt said #rage MANY times to explain away the brutal killings of #Petits by #Hayes &amp; #Komisarjevsky
5	To'Why can't we brothers protect one another? No one's serious, and it makes me furious. Don't be misled, just think of Fred.' #mayfield
5	..... wakes up and says 'have you tried changing her nappy?' 😡👊🏼 !!!!
5	@ManUtd you have had from me over the years is irrelevant. Its an absolute joke. #manutd #ticketing  #noloyalty #joke #notimpressed
5	All hell is breaking loose in Charlotte. #CharlotteProtest #anger #looting
5	There's this Bpharm4 guy Eish that guy brings anger into my life. When I see him nje like darkness fills me @RamatsobaneM will know
5	i had an hour of football practice under the boiling sun and now i have 2hr volleyball practice under the BOILING SUN AGAIN
5	testing #angry
5	@WatcherDev @WarcraftDevs put so much artefact points into fury and cant raid... literally wasted 1 month of my life! Thanks blizzard
5	How is it suppose to work if you do that? Wtf dude? Thanks for pissing me off. #furious
5	i was angry.
5	That feel when you travel 700 miles to pick up a form that arrives in the post two days after you leave. #fume
5	@cineworld 'Congratulations your Free 1 month has been activated' Then charges £34.80 the same month. Absolutely furious 😡
5	@tmz @HarveyLevinTMZ   Hell hath no fury like a women scorned.    It's the affair.  Not the parenting
5	straight people are canoodling on the quad and I'm #offended
5	I can definitely feel my irritation today, lord give me strength
5	@RobertTaitWHU against Chelsea anything is possible haha. I'm fuming about that bet 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
5	When you break a record in #madden I wish it didn't say the same shit after every rush like you just broke the record. #shutupphilsimms
5	@DFSCare apparently you are to contact me. Sofas were meant to be delivered today. Old ones gone. Sitting on floor. No sofas! #fuming
5	I have 1000 rabid grizzly bears I'm going to scatter in neighborhoods all over America.\n\nThey're poor refugees!\n\n#InYourNeighborhoodNotDC
5	@oreillyfactor why dont #blm #thugs want #justice when its black on black #gang crime? They only #rage and cry #racism when its a #cop
5	@mandyjohnson I'll be honest.. I hope that annoying Southern bint with the 'look at me' pout goes out this week! Selasi #FTW
5	Zero help from @ups customer service. Just pushing the buck back and forth and promising callbacks that don’t happen.  #loathing
5	@mdivincenzo9 he's stupid, I hate him lol #bitter
5	@SkyUK what a joke!! Cut our internet off early 'by mistake' and then don't reinstate it when we no longer need an engineer 😡
5	@Slippus @PureGym  yeah I received a fine today which I am furious about, currently appealing it after being a member for so long...
5	People irritate me 🙄
5	Men in rage strike those that wish them best. #rage #emotions #negative #positive #wish #strike #martial #arts #control #believe #best #hope
5	In 2016, Black people are STILL fighting to be recognized as human beings. #cantsleep
5	I swear if @devincameron23 blocks me I'm going to hit her back #revenge
5	@SkyUK what a joke!! Cut our internet off early 'by mistake' and then don't reinstate it when we no longer need an engineer 😡 #fuming
5	@RealBD_ @ReyesAverie 47 unarmed blacks killed by white cops in 2015. That many die every month in Chicago wheres the #outrage
5	@bt_uk why does tracking show my equipment delivered, when it wasn't? Why is my service suddenly delayed? We've already 3 weeks.
5	Does she really need to pout all the time - getting on my nerves #GBBO
5	Ever put your fist through your laptops screen? If so its time for a new one lmao #rage #anger #hp
5	@snowangel415 @cjwalters66 Maybe also being attacked by Tom's rabid fans to whom he &amp; his clothes were always perfect also put me off him...
5	Dear future big brother players, just chase dick all season and you too can win 500,00 dollars and an Sti #bb18 #bitter
5	@VanDashNessa @taotao_salupa5 Nobody in that street burning and looting and terrifying innocent citizens was there, either.
5	@Disneyland #nothappy and still #charging the #fullprice 😡😡 #fuming some your #bestrides 😳😳
5	Forgot to eat dinner and now I'm furious with everything and everyone
5	the girl sitting in front of me is chewing her gum like a cow &amp; im ready to snap 🤗
5	@sebbyD27850 both are nonsensical. If there's injustice against blacks, why add to it by destroying black property. It's misdirected anger
5	Can someone make me a priority list of which things I should be outraged at + in which order?  #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops
5	@VodafoneUKhelp @VodafoneUK wow!! My bill is £44.77 and hav a text from u to prove that and you have taken £148!!!!! #swines  #con!
5	You a fuck boy if you run drag routes back to back in madden
5	I got fever highs\nI got boiling blood
5	@canada4trumpnow @donlemon he has BAD TEMPERAMENT #tantrums #HissyFits
5	I can't even right now #bb18 #rage
5	@Daniel_Sankey @hayleyp79 Haha.... Actually, after the Doggies I'm barracking for Anyone But GWS! #bitter
5	Why are people that don't have iPhones so bitter about iPhones???? Can someone explain
5	@RonMexico760 The guy who calls people 'cuck' and is anti-BLM is offended by idea that he might not be pro-policing reform? That's amazing.
5	@deshbhakthoon always unhappy and easily offended.
5	@SusanHensThe shameful display I watched today has left me reeling with so much anger dt I feel like exploding, those clowns should watch it
5	All hell is breaking loose in Charlotte. #CharlotteProtest  #looting
5	When you've still got a whole season of Wentworth to watch and a stupid cunt in work ruins it for us 😭😭 @__KirstyGA  #oldcunt
5	Half of Epicenter is shut down its police all over y'all I just burst out in tears this is fucking terrible #KeithLamontScott
5	Not giving a fuck is better than revenge.
5	@winksahoy we about to get shit on by the wrath of winter out of nowhere
5	@GrxjicTank WHY though! Why did u want to offend Americans?
5	@RealBD_ @ReyesAverie 47 unarmed blacks killed by white cops in 2015. That many die every month in Chicago wheres the
5	@CI  I don't think Monalisa has respect for anyone but herself! I think she'll ruffle a few feathers. #TheJail
5	@DPD_UK I asked for my parcel to be delivered to a pick up store not my address  #poorcustomerservice
5	Thought the Xbox one s madden bundle would come with a physical copy of madden not a code😴 it's gonna take fucking forever to download lol
5	@canada4trumpnow @donlemon he has BAD TEMPERAMENT  #HissyFits
5	#My #blood is so #bitter for satan to test #becouse #cleanse by the #blood of #Jesus christ....#amen.
5	The new gun emoji in iOS10 is not enough to show the anger I have towards a number of things.
5	@BigBrother__USA she is just jealous and a cry baby! #bitter #gladsheisgone #crybaby
5	I just wanna know why there's no outrage for black on black crime and no one knows those victims but BLM is out to kill cops based on media
5	Forever angry that gh ruined Molly and morgan's bond/friendship #bitter
5	Spurs radio commentator referred to Mauricio Pochettino as 'MoPo' and I felt a sudden surge of rage.
5	@sueblue35 @nsoz7 @immortalbulldog huh? We have a sprint coach? We're the slowest team in the comp. Talk about robbing a living. #outrage
5	Can't believe I've only got 2 days off left 🙄 #backtoreality #raging
5	@Austin4evaLEEDS fuming!
5	Taking a break from the #wedding to #rage at the general #stupidity of certain #people on the #internet.
5	Ever put your fist through your laptops screen? If so its time for a new one lmao   #hp
5	•My brother grabbed me in a aggressive manner and as always @ImpetuousFiend threw tantrums like a kid only knowing how to express himself--
5	Don't join @BTCare they put the phone down on you, talk over you and are rude. Taking money out of my acc willynilly!
5	@Casper10666 I assure you there is no laughter, but increasing anger at the costs, and arrogance of Westminster.
5	People need a way to escape,escape what?This corrupted world.This reality. This joke.This fury of constant pain &amp; stress.We need a vacation
5	I love my black people..... I really really do. But .... my people really do irritate the living hell outta me all cause I'm different. 😑
5	I don't talk about politics because people nowadays get offended easily!
5	@MannyM83 @DareToReagan oh yeah. I HATE the air raid and I don't like the Oregon/Baylor offense and I'm not a fan of the ole miss one either
5	@AskPS_UK not received verification email, asked for it to be resent 5 times still nothing.
5	Unbelievable takes 10 minutes to get through to @BarclaysUK then there's a fault and the call hangs up  #treatcustomersfairly
5	@Will_0004 No justification for shooting without provocation, even if the person has a bad history. Justification is not the way to go
5	I genuinely think I have anger issues
5	@judy_that Im honestly offended
5	Michelle is one of the worst players in bb history #bb18 #bbfinale #bitter
5	I'm so annoyed/sad YouTube is burning itself to the ground 🙄🙄
5	How can I tell Happy Anniversary, when u are not happy.. #bitter #ampalaya #paitpaitanangpeg
5	Just paid for chicken at @panerabread and didn't even get any 😑😑😑 there goes 4 dollars and me as a customer
5	Never forget that 5Live cancelled programs, to allow them to extend 606 so people could call in and detail their outrage after our behaviour
5	When someone rudely says all women should have long hair and your inner feminist tries not to rage
5	Absolutely raging at the changes to CAS, what a joke
5	Girls irritate me so much lol
5	@LickMeLucas ...I'm waiting for you to figure out I'm like... from 0 to 100 real quick with the irritation.
5	@xxmariab listen yh don't provoke me cos I'll make you cry
5	@luxbet Did you even give out any pizzas ? Serious fail #hungry #furious #hangry
5	Bloody parking ticket 😒💸
5	@DFSCare apparently you are to contact me. Sofas were meant to be delivered today. Old ones gone. Sitting on floor. No sofas!
5	@ThomsonCares Sam- yes we have! Not helpful at all! We need this sorting ASAP! You keep promising stuff that doesn't happen!!!!
5	They're like the rape apologists who (inadvertently?) make men sound like rabid, mindless beasts. With friends like these...
5	And she got all angry telling me 'but what would be doing a 40 year old guy looking for a girl like you' and I felt #offended
5	@aGirlHasNo_Name @MdlMurray shot by black police woman Typical looney toon thinking. #Hillary #divide  #chaos
5	@UnitedFrontRev @JuanDeznuts @LucidHurricane_ sex offense happens across ALL races, cultures, and creeds &amp; they should be castrated
5	@JasonMillerinDC @realDonaldTrump Prudence suggests that a 8+% bump over 2-3 weeks should be viewed with SKEPTICISM. Media/HRC axis #angry
5	@lesyoung01 a rabid dog being ridden by the child who has eaten all the flesh off one fellow and the limbs of the other adults.
5	@TheOneSoleShoe that is one thing but attacking and hating is worse - that makes us just like the angry vengeful behavior we detest
5	Delete this shit Josh just screenshotted my snap me
5	Can someone make me a priority list of which things I should be outraged at + in which order? #outrage #racism #animalrights #abortion #cops
5	@CorbettBarr @pjrvs @brianclark true. Just me spitting venom because I'm still bitter with Stripe. Like an old man yelling from his porch.
5	i will never watch greys anatomy ever ever ever ever ever again if Shonda Rimes takes away another OG character☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️ #fuming
5	I wonder what would happen if I were to tell some people the truth #savage #uhoh #angry
5	You will never find someone who loved you like I did. And that my love, will be my revenge.
5	A @FirstBSA not turning up? Why am I not surprised. Late for work again!
5	If you be #angry, which may be the case, &amp; which may be unavoidable, see that the sudden excitement does not become sin. #AlbertBarnes
5	@lemonlover666 'shit' doesn't even begin to describe these fiery little demons straight from hell 🌝🌚 ;)
5	I am just so bitter today 😐
5	@Hoopdawg87 @MickThePerm Meanwhile white cops keep killing black people. But there's less outrage about that. Strange society that.
5	@cc_yandian @HillaryClinton her team must draw from a hat for daily personality #drugged #angry #yeller #quiet #screamer #😂😂
5	Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned. #pout #AdultingIsTheWorst
5	OOOOOOOOH MY GOD UUUUGGGGHHHHHHHHH #rage
5	i will never watch greys anatomy ever ever ever ever ever again if Shonda Rimes takes away another OG character☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️
5	@saclivin @MrsCagg specific &amp; intentional way. And part of that intention is to provoke conversation around systemic racism towards blacks.
5	@alyssasimpson21 I gave up KENDRICK LAMAR to eat barbecue with him. #bitter
5	@lynnew69 then he said talking about wills uncontrollable animals when moving to another link. These comments do not help!
5	@alicehouston18 sorry I'm just angry my drone flew away
5	@carefreeash_ id be fuming
5	@xandraaa5 @amayaallyn6 shut up hashtags are cool #offended
5	@StarklyDark 'I know you trusted me.' His words were soft as he ignored the anger and focused on the hurt beneath. 'I know I screwed up.' --
5	I wonder what American city will be next to protest about police shootings. Who's next? Smh. #whenwillitstop  #howmanymoretimes
5	Why mfs so bitter
5	im on holiday for the next round, fuming!
5	Did we miss the fact that #BurkeRamsey swung &amp;hit his sister #JonBenet in the face with a golf club previously out of a fit of #anger?
5	@nytopinion  The point of voting for Trump to push all the pieces off the board game like an angry toddler? Wreck everything for everybody?
5	Like if you aggravate me constantly, byeeeeeeee
5	@Lexual__ @jdspielman10 RIP to the 100s of black men,, women,CHILDREN killed in Chicago. Where is the outrage?
5	Inpouring this letter we are dying over against subsist checking quaint virtuoso ways toward fine huff yours l...
5	hitting your children as discipline because you're being quite a raging hypocrite if you're not.
5	sorry im so #bitter i just. i either want a pure ur or literally any card from the sets i like but every time i draw for the sets i like&gt;
5	@DanRather What King says doesn't matter. The fact he came w/ psycho Don is by far more of an affront.
5	@JuliaHB1 Bloody right
5	i have so much hw tonight im offended
5	Like hello? I am your first born you must always laugh at my jokes. #offended
5	the outrage has passed and has been replaced by a mute, fatalistic acceptance of the current situation.  #fatalism
5	Have wee pop socks on and they KEEP FALLING OFF INSIDE MY SHOES
5	and apparently he's supposed to have a Scottish accent??? I'm #offended
5	seek to conduct attacks against Israel, intended to provoke a reaction that would further inflame feeling within the Islamic world”. •
5	Lost Frequencies/Janieck Devy - Reality (Gestort Aber Geil Remix)' is raging at ShoutDRIVE!
5	@EagleGiles23 @tgilmore_92 what I miss? #outrage
5	@AllegedLowbrow It's 'Eye-for-Eye'. Indian Army never forgives, Never Forgets. They always take revenge, Pakistan breaks laws, I.A follows
5	Worst juror ever? Michelle. You were Nicole's biggest threat.  #bb18
5	luv seeing a man with a scowl on his face walking with a protein shaker clenching his fists. i immediately stop n suck his dick
5	Fake people irritate me
5	Said it before and I'll say it now: America is really fortunate that black people only want equality and not revenge.
5	#Anger or #wrath is an intense emotional response.
5	@TaraSetmayer @oliverdarcy AA have the right of passage when it comes to the 'N' word.  Why should he insult him in his church.  Ignorant!
5	if we let that in id be fuming poor keeping
5	@LynneGarrison yeah, I've only seen that floated online as a theory, it was probably made up by a bitter stan. I ignore pets v vets crap too
5	@SkyNews when the East wind blue in summer in Durban, S Africa, we still surfed and got #stung badly! Must be carefull-A #sting can harm you
5	@LisaAsquithtobe @craig8710 @WayneHaselden @june65wigan everyone is against wigan because we are the biggest club #bitter
5	Because it was a perfect illusion, but at least now I know what it was. #angry #ladygaga #iscalming#mysoul
5	Candace &amp; her pout are getting right on my tits #GBBO
5	@johnaugust @clmazin I was so looking forward to @ABCDesignated. Then it opened with a #stuartspecial. I literally yelled at my tv.
5	BANG! Gordon #Brown has been accused of abusing a gazillion #rabid parrots!
5	Petition for non-Maghrebi PoC to stop buying 'couscous' from white grocery stores and boiling it. That is not couscous, that is trash.
5	ESPN just assumed I wanted their free magazines #offended
5	Yo there's a kid on my snap chat from LA &amp; they get high off helium gas lmao.... I am like why the fuck lol
5	.@RepDelBene: 'Today's proceedings and the entire process is an insult to our constituents.'
5	@serendipity127_ @zombiecalorie @Angel_Eyes66 I'm sensing a theme here tho lol #angry
5	@kingcharles9th i Lowkey forgot you had twitter and if you don't follow me back im gonna be #offended
5	... flat party and I instantly get bollocked about it.
5	@everycolorbot more like every color looks the same #triggered #colorblind #offended
5	.@DIVAmagazine than straight people. Even the arse straight guys who think that means a threesome is fine.
5	@DouthatNYT @jbouie @DamonLinker Yes, it is bad to point out racism lest it provoke the racists.  Some racists do indeed not like it.
5	@Deadspin @jrzy_boy This is about him being left off because they wanted to play a heavier game. We needed his offense tho. Amongst others.
5	@Idubbbz @LeafyIsHere  I am offended
5	@aroseblush Hello !\nThe bigger the bully, the more crocodile tears. Bullies always act like offended victims.
5	@IrishTimesPol @IrishTimes Irish citizens boiling drinking water in 2016 leaves one foot firmly in the bog!
5	Candice's pout is gonna take someone eye out mate! #GBBO
5	I've always had a weird grudge against stingrays ever since one killed Steve Irwin.
5	@jwolfie_ why you gotta use the dark skin emoji #offended
5	I'm not saying he might be like big foot but it might be like natural biological father says blood boiling if he cross
5	I really really resent having to go to bed at a sensible hour, you guys. I WANT TO TALK TO MY PEOPLE.
5	@NM_NickNocturne Incentivise people to roam the Internet being morally offended, as if they didn't do it enough already.
5	not to be That Person™ but i get bitter seeing some ravi stans
5	@Darren_Hammer amen, nothing personal mate, just tired of all of the complaining from our fans, it's Been a relentless tirade of misery
5	Michelle is one of the worst players in bb history #bb18 #bbfinale
5	Dear Indians..It is hard to swallow this but for once try to swallow this bitter pill...that is.. Pakistan is number one in Test cricket!!!
5	A little nose irritation and a little more chills on my body. I'm so not into flu, into flu, into flu #FallSongs
5	I am #real #sjw, I will not let #america down\nI have found us, now go and get us\nI let it out and I let it in\nI #rage I #lol\n@SergioSarzedo
5	Connivers blind to existential fury
5	guys irritate me
5	#firsttweetever sippin #hotchocolate wondering #why I finally gave in &lt;3 haha #hellloooootwitter - ...its because #facebookisforfamily #rage
5	@eNCA what they should be doing is directing their anger to the thieves in government...#corruption #FeesMustFall
5	Need a new outlet for #rage
5	@swagalini ive been through the denial and anger i am in pure acceptance
5	@SapientSoldier timid but determined version of the rabid beasts beyond the land. Growling beneath my restrained breath, I //rip// myself --
5	I'm not used to pretty girls that use curse words to express their anger. I just feel like I'm a little bit surprised and turned off as well
5	@TzumiXIV huff puff
5	Hell hath not fury like a hamstring cramp. #ouch
5	Actually be arsed with my sister sometimes, she controls the TV 90% of the time and when I watch one thing she gets in a huff 🙄
5	@fireemblemlord it's the first expac since wrath that feels like a proper 'evolution' of the game for me
5	@Thebeast_ufc what happened to the suicide tweet it was a joke obviously how could that offend anyone?🤔
5	@paulkrugman relentless echo chamber - negative comments with lots of reverb. Typical bully behavior.
5	when you find out the initiative isn't even a thing 😧 #revenge
5	@djddueces jojo at 12:30 and not midnight lets rage WRYYYYYY
5	I'll happily be rude to people who personally insult me unprovoked, they deserve it 👍 Just as good people deserve respect
5	That AK47 leave your spine with a frown
5	come on let's make em hate 😘make em pout they face 👿😩.
5	Recommended reading: Prisoners of Hate by Aaron Beck #anger
5	@Alanafergusson snap meee
5	@KimLy resent
5	Forever angry that gh ruined Molly and morgan's bond/friendship
5	#disgracefulesin I resent all men in some way; for some or no reason at all. #esinscountdown
5	@TillTheEndMMVI I accidetly dumped boiling water my myself 😫
5	@ggreenwald Smh, remove ideologically bankrupt and opportunistic establishment now. They're burning all bridges and social contracts.
5	As usual disappointing #offense by @HoustonTexans ...#Texans
5	@mdivincenzo9 he's stupid, I hate him lol
5	@PuseLepuru it's the irritation of not having found the corpse
5	never #make a decision when you are .. #angry &gt;_&lt; .... and never make a #promis when you are #happy :) :*
5	@girlsreallyrule Both Trump + King are relentless self-promoters who don't give a rip about anyone else. A perfect match for both Donalds.
5	@coltonflurry @StrangeFacesLA I cancelled by CBS all access live feeds before JC even said Vic won AFP. Paul.should have won IMO #bitter
5	whenever I put 'I wanna be adored' on my brother alwayss sings 'I wanna be a dog' instead just to irritate me
5	@johnaugust @clmazin I was so looking forward to @ABCDesignated. Then it opened with a #stuartspecial. I literally yelled at my tv. #umbrage
5	I don't get what point is made when reporting on Charlotte looting @CNNAshleigh. Why not explore what looting businesses symbolizes #outrage
5	@ArcadianLuthier -- taking out his feelings on Kei unfairly. His lips form a frown as he tries to walk away.
5	@laura221b I've left it for my dad to deal with 😂 My work is done as soon as it's felt the wrath of my slipper 😷
5	Leave it on there, rule,nimber 1 of carpet cleaning!!!  #worsethananatomicbomb #accidentlyspillbeeronthecarpet
5	@m_warner21 Yikes. The wrath of Maddie...
5	@Nigerianscamsss @TrillSmith you think I came back to twitter and not ruffle a few bushes? Tuh.
5	.@LEAFYSZERKER @markiplier is that an insult? Sounds like a job well done. it's red so it's done the job it was suppose to do #justsaying
5	#Hudcomedy #AdamRowe  #insult Slutfaceshlongnugget
5	I need some to help with my anger
5	@CBSBigBrother never bring back Meech and Bridgette. Crying because someone looks at you? Ugh, and Bridgette. #bitter
5	Hey folks sorry if anything offensive got posted on here yesterday my account got hacked. All fixed now though. I hope :-/  #annoyed
5	Now it's time to remove CB from the team somehow. Screw it. Rip the Band-Aid off. It'll sting for a bit but everyone will get over it.
5	Candice's pout gets more preposterous by the week. This week it's gone a bit Jack Nicholson's Joker. #GBBO
5	@keithboykin unfortunately it won't end there... followers of whichever candidate isn't elected will throw tantrums. No winning this elec
5	@cc_yandian @HillaryClinton her team must draw from a hat for daily personality #drugged  #yeller #quiet #screamer #😂😂
5	Candice's standing pout face aggravates me every week
5	Think I really broke young bull hurt 😂😂😭😭 u can tell by how bitter and mad he is 😊😊😩😩
5	@OstinOng YUUUHH 🙄😭 plus clin ep and prevmed ugghhh hahaha #bitter
5	@HebertofNH any time a man who got paid to throw temper tantrums speaks up, you gotta listen.
5	As if he heard my thought on the ether, my #ex has just posted #facebook pic of himself snuggling up with said #cats... now Im just #angry
5	don't provoke me after letting me down !
5	could never be a angry drunk lol yall weirdos just enjoy your time
5	Yet we still have deaths, road rage, &amp; violations on the road, despite a widely accepted concept of 'personal accountability' while driving
5	@SiobhanSynnot  Oh, good God. Quentin Letts is doing one of his 'comedy' turns. #angry @bbcthisweek @afneil #BBCTW
5	@Trump_Videos she looks completely #rabid @realDonaldTrump
5	Inner conflict happens when we are at odds with ourselves. Honor your values and priorities.  #innerconflict #conflict #values
5	#EpiPen: when public outrage occurs, expand #PAP Patient Assistance Progrm, coupons,rebates .@GOPoversight @OversightDems on #Mylan #Epipen
5	Imagine the twitter fume if Corbyn loses the election and then Smith leads Labour to a worse result than suggested under Corbyn.. Imagine??
5	@BosNaud so scared to ruffle feathers, he resorted to writing in cryptic code. #UncleCamsCabin
5	Didn't think Cadres not Getting SRC deployment would make some Cadres so bitter, Ku tough Macom.
5	I miss doing nothing someone I care about and attacking their face with kisses. #foreveralone #bitter 😩
5	That grudge you're holding keeps making an appearance because #God wants you to deal with it.
5	@arppaul @chetanlfc @mannkakhiladi @dey_spandan @umeroffcial  Comparing Akshay Sir with this zandu balm is an insult to Akshay Sir.
5	🔥Anger is the acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.🔥 #anger \n\n~Mark Twain
5	If I spend more than £10 in shimmy on £1 drinks I'll be raging, but we all know it's gonna happen
5	I have a rage rage ep 2 coming out soon I'll keep you posted on it #YouTube #youtubegaming #rage
5	@iamsrk what's up w the gender bias? #indignant This fancypants saddler's daughter will opt for the leather jacket, thank you very much.
5	When your sister is 19 and throws legitimate temper tantrums just to get attention..
5	@luxbet Did you even give out any pizzas ? Serious fail #hungry  #hangry
5	This provocation sets off a curiosity. An entity is feeding fuel to the fire. speaking quatrains. Hmmm America needs to be vigilant now
5	@PatVPeters @FreeBeacon Quite the response of retaliation from Weiner in getting revenge on Huma &amp; Hillary 'clam digging'.\n#AllScumbags
5	I guess #bradangelina &gt; #anger &gt; #blacklivesmatter
5	Now that I have my ex's number now its time to prank him. #revenge #prank #whatprankIshoulddo seriously what prank I should I do
5	Do not despise the Lord ’s #discipline, do not #resent his rebuke, because the #Lord disciplines those he loves... #Proverbs 3:11-12
5	Guy across from me in a really ugly suit cannot stop expressing his displeasure
5	Some moving clips on youtube tonight of the vigil held at Tulsa Metropolitan Baptist church for #TerenceCruther #justice #anger #sadness
5	I think I must scare my coworkers when I'm eating like a rabid animal on my breaks #srry
5	@JuliaHB1 Bloody right #fume
5	@RoyEnglish roy as fiery
5	Why a puerto Rican with Taino hair and a black nose gotta ruffle your targeted feathers?
5	@JasonMillerinDC @realDonaldTrump Prudence suggests that a 8+% bump over 2-3 weeks should be viewed with SKEPTICISM. Media/HRC axis
5	Listening to Joey really helps me and my anger.
5	@kerrybowen_ you have anger issues!
5	i can't believe they're all messing up my favourite of all bakes i feel personally offended
5	I think they may be #offended
5	@ashleighjessica @zacflint1 I'd give that pout the firm D
5	I am using twitter as a coping mechanism for raging out at this kid oops?
5	@AgentTinsley I believe that's what you call the fury of the righteous.
5	Ok but I just got called a 'White Devil' on the train and I didnt know whether to laugh or be offended
5	#india will take #revenge  by making 3 new movies like #phantom and they will be like #ghus_k_maren_ge this is how indian army take revenge
5	@cxmbeferre so you WOULDNT date me????? #offended
5	Drop Snapchat names #bored #snap #swap #pics
5	Damn our offense is a mix bag of unpredictable lethal weapons I'm worried for Defense Coordinators 😁 #Chargers #Boltup #Recharged
5	the bee sting still suck i feel sick
5	I just love it when people make plans for me without actually including me in this process
5	@healeyraine I'm offended, I actually am
5	pressure does burst pipes 😭
5	@voguemagazine, did you not learn from @FreePeople 's viral insult to ballet? Stop trying to wrongfully stick models into pointe shoes 🙄
5	@realDonaldTrump: No sense in taking out your wrath on innocent people because you think police shot an innocent man. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
5	@GriffinBowie23 @AliMcClimond sorry to #offend u griffin!!
5	@JohnKerry can be as indignant as he wants but the world knows Obama will do nothing and Putin will just do what he wants #Aleppo #Syria
5	@sarah_urbina why do you even beef Sara you let the anger get the best of you, you and Sagin been friends for how long?
5	@lydss_xx @tharealversace @fatbellybella fuckin luv incense, this is me as fuck 😂
5	I screened my own snap what kind of narcissistic ass would smh
5	I don't even #feel #anger anymore can't explain it .. #Tulsa #Charlotte #Trayvon #SandraBland #Philando #Ferguson #BatonRouge #MichaelBrown
5	@Freepenalties @TMortimerFtbl Doll is a vile creature on the touchline. Every game he has tantrums &amp; shouts at the ref. Would love to see
5	@jwolfie_ why you gotta use the dark skin emoji
5	jamming out to fury in math class wanting to die hbu
5	So I wished my sis 12 midnight but received no reply from her. My 2nd sis JUST wished her, got a reply. You know who's the fav #offended
5	@evanareteos :)) im now writing abt the changing face of sex industry in tr :))) now men will talk to me then! #revenge
5	can't believe Achilles killed me!
5	@a_mxe7 hah don't speak to me or my cousin like that, mind a had the displeasure of seeing u bare faced on eh train, no a pretty sight mate
5	Indignation: [whispers to date during that terrific Lerman/Letts centerpiece scene] That's his overwhelming sense of indignation.
5	@CBSBigBrother never bring back Meech and Bridgette. Crying because someone looks at you? Ugh, and Bridgette.
5	@trendykittykat Some people would rather hang on to their indignant anger. *weary sigh*
5	@VerizonSupport thanks for saying My wife and I were getting our iphones today and then losing both of them with no ETA #thanks
5	Thatmoment you're watching #worstcelebritycooks and your bubble is burst by finding out KyleXY is gay and married😭 #nochance #KindaDontMind😉
5	Women don't like girls because we resent them for looking so great/we wish we still looked like that  #washed
5	Hey folks sorry if anything offensive got posted on here yesterday my account got hacked. All fixed now though. I hope :-/ #angry #annoyed
5	@IndigoHawthorne Then u understand that rage is often not pretty, or controlled or rational - it is often visceral-not always logical.
5	My leg feels like it's gonna burst, yet I'm still expected to go into work:):)
5	The best revenge is to move on, get over it, and continue to succeed. Never give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
5	Get to work and there's a fire drill. #fire  #outthere #inthedark
5	@LaraTheIrish &lt; feel everything. She would remember everything. Evanora hoped this would serve to fuel the creatures anger and run rabid &gt;
5	@Kim_is__bored exactly what I have been saying on fb.. #bitter
5	Get to work and there's a fire drill. #fire #burning #outthere #inthedark
5	@simon_penn_r @AntisocialJW2 has turned into a rather fiery GG radical)
5	significantly, with a #bitter smile, 'let me
5	@MetPoliceFC is it true none of your players are cops? Do they drink chilled bitter? Are your players Walter Mitty types? @KeviboyAllen
5	Brendan Rodgers looks fuming 😭
5	@ChronAVT ummm, the blog says 'with Simon Stehr faking 7th'...I'll expect an investigation forthwith. This is an
5	My baskets are better when I'm in a bad mood someone irritate me before practice please
5	Be chill af if you want to offend someone.
5	@DRUDGE_REPORT @FoxNews good thing the FBI didn't offend them!
5	you know cyran still hasn't done makeup based on jeongguk's tiddy like i suggested and i'm #offended
5	@danrafaelespn no Tyson fury beat the man who been at top for years Danny Garcia should be above Bradley pacquaio frampton
5	So I wished my sis 12 midnight but received no reply from her. My 2nd sis JUST wished her, got a reply. You know who's the fav
5	@m_t_f_72 I'm not surprised, I would be fuming! 😤
5	oh these old things on my face? nah they're not tears from school related anger and frustration nope never
5	British humour should offend and challenge mainstream views. Hat off to Clarkeson. The ultra left should go and kneel before Allah!!
5	I need all your attention! If I don't I'll pout..
5	@AudreyKare i'm like half expecting some rabid troll to come into my mentions accusing me of being a csa apologist or something lmao
5	Because it was a perfect illusion, but at least now I know what it was.  #ladygaga #iscalming#mysoul
5	Puzzle investing opening portland feodal population is correlative straight a snorting infuriate: XLzjYhG
5	@len_snart gives a frustrated growl, before stepping closer and putting his gun through the barrier. No alarms and nothing happened. He-
5	@AaronGoodwin seriously dude buy some bubble tape for your phones. #snap broke another phone
5	When you forget to mention you were bought dreamboys tickets 🙄😂 #raging
5	Now that @Jasmine_Wrn has snapchat back it's a constant battle to see who can get the ugliest snap of one another 😂🙃 #snap survival
5	Nick said he's territorial and he'll growl if someone gets too close to me #hesananimal
5	I don't mean to offend anyone, but 93.7 literally blames everything on white people. In some cases it's true, but a lot of times, it's not
5	He totally knew about it'. Trump finally gets revenge for his son-in-law's prosecution/imprisonment and throws Christie under the bus.
5	Inner conflict happens when we are at odds with ourselves. Honor your values and priorities. #anger #innerconflict #conflict #values
5	Are belittling kitty straight a service? provoke lift aboard!: Wycelv
5	@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS I played a game where John Elway was sacked 3x and fumbled all 3x. Is this the same John elway I know of??? #madden
5	And she got all angry telling me 'but what would be doing a 40 year old guy looking for a girl like you' and I felt
5	@BearGrylls for your next series will u do a celebrity firefighting show and just chuck them all in a burning building and do the voiceover?
5	Like I can't do 12 hours worth of standing or calorie burning in 3 hours 😭😭😭😭 #1stworldprobs4vs
5	Before revenge you feel good after revenge you feel worse 💯 @HillaryClinton
5	I wonder what would happen if I were to tell some people the truth #savage #uhoh
5	Take public opinion on revenge with Pakistan if govt is unable to decide. @aajtak @TimesNow @narendramodi
5	@cxmbeferre so you WOULDNT date me?????
5	the teams that face Barca and Bayern after a defeat are the ones who face the wrath
5	I just don't understand why everyone is so #angry we all just want to live and thrive don't we?
5	@kitanoye Hell is hot and boiling, isi ewu
5	#welfarereform should not be a 'model' for #snap.
5	@HillaryClinton Yeah U gotta make them HEEL. I know U need their votes so U have to wait. But when U LOSE-they're really in for your wrath !
5	Well @AprilDRyan Trump's rabid base needs 2 hear this &amp; U can always find an overseer like King to say it.\n@JoyAnnReid @SMShow @frangeladuo
5	Skipping meals is the national way of showing #disappointment and #anger. #wiz
5	streets of rage 2 was hard to find for a while and then Itunes stepped in and the guys doing the vinyl \nmade it so simple
5	@paulbushnell25 @EE bad news if ordered online it hasn't gone through same happened to me had to re order on the phone
5	@UltimateBoxer My heart because you left me for so long again\n\n*slight pout but it turned to a smile*\n\nheheh just kidding, no I'm fine-
5	why are people so angry toward veggie burgers at in n out wtf
5	I mean I'm not done watching the pilot, but it's nice to see a group of actors perform without story lines dripping relentless nihilism.
5	Checked-in for my flight to Toronto. Took seat 3D just to infuriate @perpetualgeek.
5	Egyptian officials expressed frustration and outrage over the Obama/Hillary administration’s support of the Muslim Brotherhood
5	@PrincessCasGirl @DaddyEllis__ tiff you better hurry cause 👀
5	@fleetstreetfox It's buzzing pathetically for sympathy if you let it out it will twirl it's moustache, chuckle and sting you #Psychowasp
5	matt and i just did a psychological study on provocation in abusive relationships.
5	@HuffPostUK  NO greater wrath than a woman scorned.
5	@kencurtin they might get Donal óg sure! They won't have him in cork as he's to fiery for dopey frank &amp; his cult
5	@LouisFil just curious as to what you mean. No rush, no animosity, no disdain.
5	@thatomahapa the best revenge is to get yourself a good woman and move on. Leave her and her hairline to figure themselves out alone
5	@tamriiel I was talking about further in the expansion, with more gear - fury always does well towards the end
5	Who knew softballs could sting so bad? Jimmy Fallon has been under a lot of heat for his &amp;ldquo;softball&amp;rdquo; Donald Trump interview
5	@OstinOng YUUUHH 🙄😭 plus clin ep and prevmed ugghhh hahaha
5	@StrongestBeing ←would furrow and her face would redden as she protests; it would seem that being seen as unattractive in Wukong's eyes was→
5	Finding out my two best Fwendz are going to rage with me at @lifeisbeautiful makes this last week of no sleep extra worth it
5	Paul forever. Paul should have won! Paul played such a better game! #BB18 #angry
5	@marthalyssa yep. LOL
5	@AuntieSupreme @KimberlyCarole y'all found me to express yalls displeasure. 😉
5	@1VoiceMatters @MichaelTPremo just got wind of #MenForChoice and it doesn't infuriate me. Just makes me sad for the generation.
5	Since the 'update' my @iPhone loses power nearly 40% faster.
5	The sun literally burning my skin
5	That feel when you travel 700 miles to pick up a form that arrives in the post two days after you leave.
5	@DL_Hart @DonnieDollars @AaronBiggsPro @WWENoWayJose @cwfmidatlantic How did that chop feel? You still feel the sting of it? Looks brutal!
5	Chris ate all my mac n cheese so imma eat all his taffy
5	@thomeagle Just to help maintain and boost our status as a world class centre for education, culture and tolerance. #outrage
5	Chris ate all my mac n cheese so imma eat all his taffy #revenge
5	It's weird because I was discussing sex resentment and confusion in the thing I was writing last night.
5	As if he heard my thought on the ether, my #ex has just posted #facebook pic of himself snuggling up with said #cats... now Im just
5	Paul forever. Paul should have won! Paul played such a better game! #BB18
5	@BigBrother__USA she is just jealous and a cry baby!  #gladsheisgone #crybaby
5	@clarechampion @Westclarepage and peter your radio piece on off the ball was pure class , no digs , no revenge , a total balanced pro ! 👏👏👏
5	@coltonflurry @StrangeFacesLA I cancelled by CBS all access live feeds before JC even said Vic won AFP. Paul.should have won IMO
5	The best #revenge is to move on, get over it, and continue to #succeed. Never give someone the #satisfaction of watching you #suffer....!!!
5	@iStoleFreeHugs @stephlaris lol I'm happy with my negative, realistic ass self. Sorry to offend you
5	75' Tierney reaches a deep cross to the back post and plays it back across but the Alloa defence clear. Celtic relentless here.
5	Can't believe I've only got 2 days off left 🙄 #backtoreality
5	@vladfucker69 i look rabid
5	@thedrepabon BLM was outraged by the shooting in NC the other day, turns out the guy pointed gun at police. Wait for facts before outrage
5	I get embarrassed at the slightest things and then I'll fret about it all day I hate it
5	@Sophiejulia @CalebAtChipotle @calebpressleyxo relentless pipe thirst #sheltered
5	I don't get what point is made when reporting on Charlotte looting @CNNAshleigh. Why not explore what looting businesses symbolizes
5	#Taurus will react angrily when she can't take being provoked any longer.
5	@bismahmalik .....Seems like a fight ready to rage on.....
5	@WestonKoury so leafy can roast the Pokemon go kid but not you what an outrage that just means that he is more relevant than y-I mean kisses
5	I think Paul is what's bitter, not the pastry
5	@PatriotsInform I don't see why you think we'll have a dumbed down simplified offense with Brissett. He comes from a very complicated system
5	After becoming boiling hot, after slowly melting, my heart is frozen.
5	@xandraaa5 @amayaallyn6 shut up hashtags are cool
5	@hoytschile fury road!!
5	Realizing that holding a grudge for long is immaturity is wisdom
5	@BonesARP 'That is a disappointment.'\n\nHe fakes a pout, then starts to chuckle.
5	Some moving clips on youtube tonight of the vigil held at Tulsa Metropolitan Baptist church for #TerenceCruther #justice  #sadness
5	@RegalisAzura \ngrasp the cobalt woman's own; which they did fairly easily. Fair cheeks would ignite into a fiery hue. Warm.. was the only
5	@billburr DirectTV is the best. Apparently you just sit in silent anger. 'Don't press or say anything'
5	I believe women are more fiery because once a month they go through struggle and struggle is what develops a strong character.
5	@kingcharles9th i Lowkey forgot you had twitter and if you don't follow me back im gonna be
5	im also definitely still bitter about the yellow ranger not being asian, but asian representation in hollywood is essentially a shrug anyway
5	Did we miss the fact that #BurkeRamsey swung &amp;hit his sister #JonBenet in the face with a golf club previously out of a fit of ?
5	@talkRobyn oh dear I have to watch this the woman with the pout did well
5	LIFE TIP 101. I know unresolved #anger is likely to cause problems in several areas of my life. I must recognize it &amp; properly deal with it.
5	@Sargon_of_Akkad It'll be like burning rap albums; they'll have to buy it first, but gosh darn it, they have to get rid of it.
5	@Docjp they unleashing God's wrath just as Cain did
5	@SlaveGuinevere its more of a little prick than a sting .......... but you have to come to Tennessee to get it1
5	@DeltaDomain @SawDraze @qurions dis dat nigga from fume right?
5	Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you. #anger #worry
5	@SageHillfarms @HintonAlisa @hb_heather Hey, Jayme! Were your👂👂 burning cuz I was talking about you?😁 Are you going tomorrow?
5	@savageimiike one of my favorite songs brother, real talk. #rage
5	Controlling #anger is a sign of those #righteous people promised #Paradise in the #Quran in Surah Al Imran verses 133-134 #reward #goodDeed
5	@alyssasimpson21 I gave up KENDRICK LAMAR to eat barbecue with him.
5	the 1975 are playing antichrist why won't @sundarakarma play hustle it's an outrage
5	@TDsNation I blame how broken madden is this year
5	@MMASOCCERFAN @outmagazine No offense but the only way this makes sense is if you work for the magazine. Otherwise,who are you apologizing 4
5	Nahhhhhh @konanplaydirty snap story has got me bussing up 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
5	@ticcikasie1 With a frown, she let's out a distraught 'Gardevoir' saying that she wishes she had a trainer
5	@skinkev let's rage
5	If i could just get my line to block! #germantownbroncos #lilleague #popwarner #Broncos #usafootball  #lineman
5	@BIGGKATZ BUT arms (focused rage) is overpowered, it will be getting nerfed. It'll still be stronger than fury though
5	@KevinI @GGGBoxing @SpecialKBrook pretty average, klitschko fury did about 600k and Joshua white did about 450k
5	@WBIRSports They're still using his offense, up the middle 3X &amp; punt.
5	@jessebwatters lol. Love it when you aggravate Juan. Keep up the good work. Lol
5	@judahandthelion TONIGHT. Legit can't wait to rage 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🔥
5	Seeing #RIPShawtyLo got me thinking bout other rappers then I thought about @LilTunechi dying, and burst into tears... Smh
5	@donna_bellav @SoniaRayS @gig_aholic He looks especially lovely. Sadly, I do not *removes potentially indignant Mr D from convo*
5	my momma irritate me asking all these questions like gone 😤
5	The bubble has officially burst. 98 boys to beat for the trophy and all the glory #wptmain #bye
5	@Daniel_Sankey @hayleyp79 Haha.... Actually, after the Doggies I'm barracking for Anyone But GWS!
5	@feistyarcher -trouble,' he feigned anger and gave her a look that told her to behave. He knew she wouldn't though, and that was one of -
5	@JBCrewdotcom how his own fans insult him
5	I offend u
5	np rum rage
5	Some bloke on the train who's obviously trying to provoke West Ham fans by loudly slagging off the stadium to his mate on the phone
5	#welfarereform should not be a 'model' for .
5	@TheDTSB @trubble1127 @nflnetwork I agree but our offense was ass after the second half td score on the first drive
5	@RealPaulWalker R.I.P Paul, furious 8 can't wait
5	Trumpism likewise rests on a bed of racial resentment that was made knowingly and intentionally, long before Trump got into politics.
5	If you let a general tweet offend you, you definitely shouldn't be on twitter.
5	As your own lives in order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is there. #bitter
5	@marthalyssa yep. LOL #bitter
5	straight people are canoodling on the quad and I'm
5	remember when that guy got #angry that i kept saying gary sanchez was the best baseball player in the world... lmao
5	What's a Kali's kitten? [She asked, a frown curling on her fair skinned forehead as he showed her the scar] A cat did - (@ScarredTiger)
5	@everycolorbot more like every color looks the same #triggered #colorblind
5	My husband found out there are other rabid hockey fans like me as we waited in line 4 of the 6 window stickers were for SJ NHL/AHL hockey.
5	@ParrishWalton @kjmgolf Also, our best assets on offense are our RB's and our WR's (longterm). Have to have an offense to utilize both.
5	@UnknownAndYoung — a low growl escaping him. Oh oh.
5	@RiotzXVl papercuts sting and stub ur toe last for like 10 secs
5	I've been wanting salty fries from McDonald's since yesterday and I'm burning my fingers eating them bc these shits 🔥🔥🔥
5	Love how Megan is raging about this Kendall Jenner photo and I'm sat here like 🤔🙃
5	@josephperson Cam is still rattled from the backlash he received when he made the black QB comment and suffered the wrath of White America.
5	Because you offended by the lies of Alexandria Goddard doesn't mean that I'm Deric's friend or anything else. Purely a fishin expedition.
5	Y'all really insult coz of soccer???  Lmao, wow!!!!!!
5	What terrible thing to see and have no vision-\n\nHelen Keller-\n\n-Begin with the end in mind-\n\nStephen Covey-\n\n #whereareugoing
5	@StarFlowerz17 @DreamerAbe #bitter. Nicole and Cory is why she was evicted.
5	@rumanaa_r @DaiIyRoasts what did I do to offend you? 🙄😭😂
5	What terrible thing to see and have no vision-\n\nHelen Keller-\n\n-Begin with the end in mind-\n\nStephen Covey-\n\n#whereareugoing #relentless
5	The bitter the battle, the sweeter the victory...
5	i resent biting my tongue.
5	You can't fight the elephants until you have wrestled the pigs. #quoteoftheday
5	People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
5	@SarahMi40605180 @kaileighhxo sorry to burst the bubble but there was never any illusion 🙈😂😂
5	@jaybusbee Well, not Archie. No offense but he's kinda old.
5	Scored madden 13 on vita for $20AU today.  Bloke didn't know what he had. I'd have happily paid $70 🤑 my only ever bargain! #bargain #vit
5	Now they fret about scuffs. I’ll take scuffs (which…come in) for a phone I can use wet handed or drop in a toilet any day.
5	If ydu yell 'fire' in a crowded theater you will burst into flames. It's a cool trick, bu: only once.
5	Congress acting indignant over the  #EpiPen pricing is quite disingenuous since they craft the laws that allow such gouging!!
5	@ToddDoug @Ziggomattic Yeah, this actually supports why I tweeted in this thread initially. Because of the article's righteous indignation.
5	@WWE is the live event Brock vs Orton 2 this Saturday on the WWE Network? If not it needs to be! :) #wwe @RandyOrton @HeymanHustle #revenge
5	@edquinn63 how can you even forget to pick ur fave child up from school
5	Grateful for all the hungry people in my life! Hungry to learn, change, grow, help, etc - not sure anybody has it better!
5	@St8edge4life88 eh well i can do the sting vs cactus loser leaves wcw match at bash at the beach lol
5	@warFarePower dip it in boiling water
5	I have a rage rage ep 2 coming out soon I'll keep you posted on it #YouTube #youtubegaming
5	When anger rises, think of the consequences. #quote #wisdom #anger
5	New madden kicking 🚮
5	I was going to say that Rooney is a shadow of his former self but I don't want to offend any shadows. #NTFCvMUFC
5	When you burst out crying alone and u realize that no one truly knows how unhappy you really are because you don't want anyone to know
5	schneiderlin taking his revenge for the 2 fouls
5	@JustinRow10 dude the new madden 17? Haha
5	you are an angry glass of vodka
5	one month til someone's bday and i think it's time to flaunt that I got them something pretty awesome #revenge
5	be strong, independant and practical. stop living in your world of fantasy. snap out of it. the faster u get used to the reality, the better
5	Time wounds all heels.\n\n #DrunkJesus #rt #lol #wisdom #quote #comedy #self #Revenge  #hate #time #funny #politics #Trump #POTUS2016
5	@TehShockwave turn that grumpy frown upside-down\n\nYou did something next to impossible today
5	you know cyran still hasn't done makeup based on jeongguk's tiddy like i suggested and i'm
5	The most important thing to #bestrong is to hold your #anger #thoughts
5	Gotta wonder why Caller Max listens to the show in the first place if you so incense him @MSignorile
5	I believe I'm gonna start singing in my snap stories on the tractor. Switch it up a little bit.
5	doing some testing with my current earth burst team
5	If my luck the rest of Fall goes anything like today, I think I'm going to like this season. #bestdayever #magic #work
5	also other ppl who i love a whole damn lot; erica, joanna, tiff, sirli, harley, anja, (the rest of the gc bc i ran out of chara!)
5	@sippycoups if it hurts too much to eat, i read somewhere that marshmallows are good bc they are soft and don't irritate
5	“Do not fret if you are not cool! Humans who follow me, become instantly cool!” #Bot
5	@rabpeel snap, seems to be a problem here
5	#burning the last of @Yan
5	Can't wait to be in my Ninja turtle costume raging at OSU again this Halloween 😈
5	@GreyTheTick But even if I jumped through that hoop, it just takes one irate netizen to decide me playing by 'the rules' isn't enough.
5	The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
5	Despite my sharing O'Neill's article, what saddens me about the Gazza case is there seems to be more fury about the sentence than the remark
5	I need to stop second guess myself and just go with the first thought and go with it. #relentless
5	We worship at Your feet\nWhere wrath and mercy meet\nAnd a guilty world is washed\nBy love's pure stream\n—Graham Kendrick
5	Dear future big brother players, just chase dick all season and you too can win 500,00 dollars and an Sti #bb18
5	“He who is slow to anger is better than the mighty, And he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city.”\nP16:32 #bibleverse #pride #anger
5	Holding a grudge on someone will stop your blessings from God ,learn to forgive &amp; forget 🙏🏾
5	Why does Candice constantly pout #GBBO 💄😒
5	@pugglelover3691 some of those haters are just taught hate and not shown love. There is a good quote that goes to your comment tiff, treat
5	Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned -- William Congreve
5	That is at least the 3rd time the balls been burst in our games
5	@stoozyboy1 @chris_sutton73 😂😂 Oh the zombie rage 😂
5	Prayers &amp; Protection to our brothers and sisters fighting in #Charlotte #rage #against #machines
5	@wcsportscamp I lol'ed.  Privileged exasperation should be bottled and sold.
5	Finally made my #fury #warrior guide. Let me know your thoughts
5	@evanareteos :)) im now writing abt the changing face of sex industry in tr :))) now men will talk to me then!
5	@JustPyroNow are you gonna do any kind of community raids when wrath of the machine drops?
5	Nurse practitioner: 'you look pretty bad. No offense of course.'  \n\nThank you, that really added that spark of positivity I needed today.
5	@dlrwills turn that frown upside down buddy 🙃.
5	@SonOfTheDovah *She could sense the anger stirring within him and took his hand in hers.* As long as we stay together, we'll both be safe.--
5	and apparently he's supposed to have a Scottish accent??? I'm
5	@PerfectQuartz She's jogging a bit to stay beside her, puffing her cheeks with a huff each time. 'Oh-- jeez Jasper, why don't you —
5	@RichardHBell Yes, I think he held a grudge ...
5	I can't guess if you holding a grudge against the best'
5	@JoeGoodmanJr. A solution. But the assumptions by media in articles and every other venue causes animosity to the conversation.
5	@LisaAsquithtobe @craig8710 @WayneHaselden @june65wigan everyone is against wigan because we are the biggest club
5	@lyskoi anyway, I found a short scale today that was perfect for my purposes. soft on the hands, won't aggravate my (now-chronic) tendonitis
5	GAMEDAY VS BUFORD TODAY AT 5:30 AT HOME!!!!!!!!! NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED #revenge
5	Tonight's #DragRace #AllStars2 episode GAVE ME LIFE! Yaassss queens! #teamalaska #teamkatya #revenge #bwahaha
5	@Kim_is__bored exactly what I have been saying on fb..
5	my wasp sting is so itchy
5	-- haired man strides close and watches as the Major flinches away from him, the reaction draws a growl from his throat.  -- (@DocHQuinzel)
5	srry my feelings offend u 🤗
5	Sorry to burst your bubble but it isn't that century anymore. Welcome to the 21st century.
5	I can't even right now #bb18
5	Asian Tiger #Mosquitoes are so relentless. More aggressive than the kind I dealt w/as a kid.
5	Sometimes the best motivations come from 'proving them wrong' #energy #relentless #MotivationalQuotes
5	@LonelyGoomba I wouldn't bring this up if I were you. It's a very touchy subject. And people get way to offended these days
5	Are you lost in the fury, fearing that you'll fail?
5	I need a 🍱sushi date🍙 @AnzalduaG 🍝an olive guarded date🧀 @lexiereid369 and a 👊🏼Rockys date🍕 #tiff
5	my alarm clock was ringing this morning n my flatmate knocked on my door and asked if i set anything on fire or if i'm burning alive :) :):)
5	@The_Nasty_P now you gotta do that with fast n furious
5	@notquitefrodo @dominictarason I remember TAs in the gamedev program said he had temper tantrums in class all the time lol
5	i love that tay &amp; tiff are just sitting at my house while i'm at work 🙃
5	“He who is slow to anger is better than the mighty, And he who rules his spirit than he who takes a city.”\nP16:32 #bibleverse #pride
5	@MeghanEMurphy Oh gosh, if you get 800+ raging comments from cruise fans, I will just die laughing!
5	Skipping meals is the national way of showing #disappointment and . #wiz
5	{Strong hands moving to firmly grope each of @WhimsicallyWild's thighs, squeezing as her digging nails extract a growl from me.}
5	@l1ght__eyes u tried boiling em takes years too
5	@RLH2606 if u know who died.. I would also burst out crying....\nFrom JOY!!! 😉
5	@CrayonToCrayon @SueScoby \nIt's always fun to anger 'All the Old Dudes.' with Rock N' Roll :))
5	being bitter only hurts yourself lmaooo
5	Sometimes I think the British political landscape is desolate and then I look over at the foaming wasteland of the US and think we're OK
5	A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like\nLetting somebody just live inside of your head rent free
5	Heading home to cut grass in the heat. All I wanna do is go out to eat somewhere air conditioned.  #AdultingIsTheWorst
5	@BarackObama I love Lizzy Warren's latest rage against Wall Street.
5	When you forget to mention you were bought dreamboys tickets 🙄😂
5	Praying for the #Lord to keep #anger #hate #jealousy away from your heart is a sign of #maturity #conciseness
5	My little sister sure can hold a grudge 😂😂😂
5	@ShieldsCap &lt; Steve between his feet, feeling a blush sting his cheeks. 'I can undress myself, thank you very much,' he snapped &gt;
5	one of the main things im doing w/ 13c is filling in the void of my empty bitter heart by making everything how i wanted it to be growing up
5	snap music kept me from running into traffic 2005-2007.
5	When anger rises, think of the consequences. #quote #wisdom
5	Never make a #decision when you're #angry and never make a #promise when you're #happy. #wisewords
5	Keep in mind. We're all weak. Don't insult people just because they're human.
5	@TDsNation i watch all your videos but i like madden better!
5	Projection is perception. See it in someone else? You also at some level have that within you.  #worry
5	So Rangers v Celtic ll #revenge
5	@lethargytyler ehhh I guess. I want to everyone I've ever burst out laughing in front of😂
5	@kateracculia @themathofyou It's true! I reverse-engineered the drink. It's a scientific method. I hear it's all the rage.
5	@KodieBurch yesss..apparently you've been popular on snap 🙄
5	When a grown adult doesn't drink or has never drank before I just assume they were raised around a raging alcoholic and they want no parts.
5	@EAMaddenNFL @EASPORTS I played a game where John Elway was sacked 3x and fumbled all 3x. Is this the same John elway I know of???
5	#Zumba, #PiYo and #HIIT sessions. Sweaty, burning but sooooooo good! #missedoutonsummerbikinibodybutwintersunbodywilldo
5	@jamiesonhelen @MarianKeyes all three of my agin's on the pout .
5	Anger is cheap and politeness is expensive. Don't expect everybody to be polite. #ThoughtfulThursday  #politeness
5	don't give someone power by letting their words offend you
5	Rt @yoelamite i need that one back, that whole cd was hard, the one with a #rage flew through, rhyme flow, n the 1 u speak on the dollar
5	Lot 100 would give Ghandi road rage
5	@StutteringGiant at least his character in fast and furious pumped some adrenaline into the franchise. But that's about it
5	How can I tell Happy Anniversary, when u are not happy..  #ampalaya #paitpaitanangpeg
5	I love when @pinksaltwarrior angry tweets bc it makes me laugh but also hate it bc it makes me miss her more
5	when you find out the initiative isn't even a thing 😧
5	All this from a cigarette burning in Laura's hand, the angle of her chin, the purse of her lips.'(104) Gorgeous transition!@laurengrodstein
5	This all resent #India #Pakistan problem is save #NawazSharif\n@ImranKhanPTI\n@PTIofficial
5	#Awareness seek #shelter .#Letgo Old #habit of chasing #desires resultin in #anger #fear #worry .#Choose #Satisfaction within #Peace #Relax
5	@RealJeffsdomain Wolfpack theme and trons and sting wore the wolf shirt
5	@MHChat sadness with resentment is the past, sadness with fear is the future. try to live in the now #MHchat
5	Anger is cheap and politeness is expensive. Don't expect everybody to be polite. #ThoughtfulThursday #anger #politeness
5	@JOjojosiejay or in my case a raging moody cow lol why i buy moody cow socks lol
5	I'm just doing what u should b doing just minding my business and grinding relentless @LITO615
5	Holding a #grudge doesn't make you #strong; it makes you #bitter. #Forgiving doesn't make you #weak; it sets you #free.
5	@pianimadi regarde tes snap
5	Standard Candice starting the show with a pout #startasyoumeantogoon #GBBO
5	@Klipto the orange one is #poisonous and #bitter. You shouldn't judge the #blue one by how it looks but by how it tastes, #delicious.
5	Who got madden 17 or 2k17 ps4 add TrackdawgT lets run it
5	I wish the next madden has a story mode too. Just like Fifa 17 #madden
5	@MetsProspectHub @brianpmangan taking offense to acount...he ranks 32 of 36 over last 2 years by SABR
5	@justinbieber Thank u Justin for this amazing concert. I can't believe that only u can provoke these thousand smiles these night#BelieveTour
5	@The_Boxing_Hub #klitschko @Klitschko over fury any day #boxing
5	The best revenge is massive success.
5	Tiangong 1, China's first space laboratory, will come to a fiery end in late 2017. The average decommissioned satellite either burns ...
5	Houston might lose a coach tomorrow or by midnight. #yikes ?
5	Well, the lines for Sweden's goals sure sting.
5	Don't get #bitter get #BETTER
5	Don't be bitter
5	Went n a bodega 4 incense lookd @ the sis behind the counter &amp; it was like a mirror she said where u from I said here she said no originally
5	Recommended reading: Prisoners of Hate by Aaron Beck
5	@CharlotteBnntt that's the joke. I know it's incense
5	Leveled at the half. Much better offense expected in the second half
5	@sueblue35 @nsoz7 @immortalbulldog huh? We have a sprint coach? We're the slowest team in the comp. Talk about robbing a living.
5	#firsttweetever sippin #hotchocolate wondering #why I finally gave in &lt;3 haha #hellloooootwitter - ...its because #facebookisforfamily
5	One of my favorite classic cars is the Plymouth fiery.
5	As your own lives in order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is there.
5	Kik me I want to swap pics I will post on my account anonymously if you wish Kik: vsvplou #Kik #kikme #snap #nudes #tits #snapchat
5	Focus on yourself. Don't let other's love define you when you're happy and don't let it make you bitter if you get hurt.
5	I wish the next madden has a story mode too. Just like Fifa 17
5	@ImpugnValkyrie *I frown and cup your cheeks in my hands after you step aside.* Angela I care about you. And I don't know how else I can -
5	😳The intensity that @sydneyswans play at is extraordinary #relentless #AFLCatsSwans #AFLFinals 🏉👏🏿
5	Need a new outlet for
5	I need a 🍱sushi date🍙 @AnzalduaG 🍝an olive guarded date🧀 @lexiereid369 and a 👊🏼Rockys date🍕
5	@leener00 @libbyfloyd1 @G_Eazy my snap is andriaprebles ❤️
5	Colors of the leaves are- changing.  Heatwaves in LA still- raging.  Lattes made in batches. Visit pumpkin patches. #FallSongs
5	@shopgreenwich #ldf16 what shall we do this weekend?  #spraypainting in #greenwichmarket with @SNUB23 #core246 #lilylou #fret &amp; #benoakley
5	It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile. Be yourself, no matter what they say.
5	@FrizzeyesJr meeee, i'm lvl 320 and i have not a single relentless
5	@_Inferno217_ @PaladinsGame ummm that dragons fury though..
5	@NessaMatthews he's perfect. But not even in that way where you sort of resent him or suspect that he leads a double life. Just perfect.
5	@jetmissTee I thought I peeped him on your snap. That's the homie ✊🏽 lol
5	@pbump @AndyRichter  My heart goes out to that woman for the indignity of what she is sitting through.
5	You can't fight the elephants until you have wrestled the pigs. #quoteoftheday #relentless
5	@serendipity127_ @zombiecalorie @Angel_Eyes66 I'm sensing a theme here tho lol
5	ESPN just assumed I wanted their free magazines
5	If my luck the rest of Fall goes anything like today, I think I'm going to like this season. #bestdayever #magic #work #snap
5	These #NewEnglandPatriots jerseys look like some whack ones that you tried to make when you made custom jerseys on #madden  04
5	@DMAnthonyJoseph @TheClumpany No grudge. Only truth in abundance.
5	@Lesdoggg take me with you!! JK. Have fun, relax, get a massage or two and chill. Don't eat the cucumbers, most places frown on that.
5	630am meeting Olympic House #10golds24 .  #neverquit #believe #dreambig #TeamTTO #going4gold
5	Houston might lose a coach tomorrow or by midnight.  #yikes #offense?
5	It's easy to hold a grudge harder to let go.
5	Prayers &amp; Protection to our brothers and sisters fighting in #Charlotte  #against #machines
5	testing
5	Happiness is the best revenge
5	I forgot about this nice area down here with the fiery hearths
5	It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile. Be yourself, no matter what they say. #sting
5	@KingNicky7 also madden isn't the funniest game to watch and if there isn't much happening it's boring
5	Mm, okay. Ham for you and turkey for me.' Gives his hair a ruffle before heading back in the kitchen to set out the &gt;&gt;\n@DarkSithKenobi
5	Oh my. Watching #rage. It's been like, ages
5	Like hello? I am your first born you must always laugh at my jokes.
5	Sometimes the best motivations come from 'proving them wrong' #energy  #MotivationalQuotes
5	Tonight's #DragRace #AllStars2 episode GAVE ME LIFE! Yaassss queens! #teamalaska #teamkatya  #bwahaha
5	and naoto nod she also like tha bands. but she also frown. 'Will the bands 'Papa Roach' be at concert...?'
5	If someone keeps #laughing at you, don't #fret  . At least u r giving #happiness .'\n#quotes #quotestoliveby
5	@wesrucker247 sounds like a good game plan for our offense....
5	The most important thing to #bestrong is to hold your  #thoughts
5	So Rangers v Celtic ll
5	I think they may be
5	I should really study today for chemistry but playing madden is just way more fun.
5	i love the word fret so much and im in heaven
5	@WWE is the live event Brock vs Orton 2 this Saturday on the WWE Network? If not it needs to be! :) #wwe @RandyOrton @HeymanHustle
5	Thursdays at 6pm Vespers &amp; Meditation #prayerful #plainsong #multisensory #candles #incense #psalms #music #silence #faithful sing or listen
5	pray for my boy huff
5	GAMEDAY VS BUFORD TODAY AT 5:30 AT HOME!!!!!!!!! NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED
5	snap: hiAleshia 😃
5	I need to stop second guess myself and just go with the first thought and go with it.
5	630am meeting Olympic House #10golds24 .  #relentless #neverquit #believe #dreambig #TeamTTO #going4gold
5	@ezlisteningdisc it doesn't offend me but it's just,,, Weird.
5	Drop Snapchat names #bored  #swap #pics
5	Follow me on Snapchat 👻 Carlabtst15 #snapchat
5	I love when #girls are busy in teaching how to #pout while taking #selfie in a mall , their desication is immense #women love #perfection
5	follow my girl tiff she only got 3 followers💖💘💖💘💘 @00tiffanyr
5	@Ms_HeartAttack peanut butter takes away the sting
5	hate to see y'all frown but I'd rather see him smiling 💕✨
5	@JaredLeto Jared + #snap? 💘
5	Kik me I want to swap pics I will post on my account anonymously if you wish Kik: vsvplou #Kik #kikme  #nudes #tits #snapchat
5	ordered my vacation bathing suits. one less thing to fret about.
5	Cheap pout my brodcast
5	Ughhh love a clean house and my incense lit aromatherapy
5	Follow me on Snapchat 👻 Carlabtst15 #snapchat #snap
5	Vale! Vale! Sip sangria and taste tantalizing tapas @ElCidLA  's fiery flamenco nights! #MinutesFromHoM #SilverLake #LA #Flamenco
5	Grateful for all the hungry people in my life! Hungry to learn, change, grow, help, etc - not sure anybody has it better! #relentless
5	Love the new song I can't stop thinking about you by #sting.
5	@thomeagle Just to help maintain and boost our status as a world class centre for education, culture and tolerance.
5	@savageimiike one of my favorite songs brother, real talk.
5	one month til someone's bday and i think it's time to flaunt that I got them something pretty awesome
5	@Aurena1701 @AngryOrchard he didn't sting me luckily. He just flew off happy and drunk. Lolololol
5	Ellie just gave me loads of gifts with notes on em for uni n I burst out in tears, I LOVE HER😩
5	@EagleGiles23 @tgilmore_92 what I miss?
5	@Callidissima @ahouseingotham wrath of khan is one of the best movies of all time
5	I'm girly in the sense that I always have lashes &amp; nails done but tomboy in the sense that black is my only color &amp; refuse the ruffle life
5	Follow up. Follow through. Be #relentless. #success
5	@cburt43 turn that frown upside down
5	@CorningFootball  IT'S GAME DAY!!!!      T MINUS 14:30
5	rose incense are the best thing I've ever bought
5	@jaaames1993 Literally burst out laughing.
5	Follow up. Follow through. Be . #success
5	Wrinkles should merely hide where frown have been.  - Mark Twain
5	Love the new song I can't stop thinking about you by .
3	http://www.mmemarko.schilderweb.nl/ for my homepage
3	Good Morning Tweeties
3	@AlicePalice thanks lovely, will let you know when its up and ready! The baby havs are gorgeous, I want something to put in them  x
3	@KimKardashian you're the absoute best
3	This is a much better tool than some I have come across http://www.tweepular.com - Twitter Karma on Steroids
3	is going to see wolverine and is a lil bit excited
3	@Renato71 Nice one! Hope others appreciate it
3	@LittleFletcher i LOVE lion knig ....it was my fav movie when i was a kid...i love it till now
3	@annagabbert not to sound preachery or anything, but my iphone is amazing.  haven't had an issue since the 2.0 firmware   {wink wink}
3	Joan is such a legend! I can't wait for apprentice finale!!! im so addicted i think i need a rehab!! LOL tweet later..  xoxo
3	@dougiemcfly hey dougie, just thought i would tell you that your gig in edinburgh got a brilliant review in the scottish sunday mail  xx
3	Little brothers being funny  Congrats on the engagement http://tinyurl.com/cv5nw8
3	Loves Miley's song The Climb and loves the video  xxx
3	Castiel is loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
3	@JuliaRosien Gmorning Hermana! Thank you for your testimonial it is wonderful. Posted already.
3	@apgwoz great pics! You should try to start selling your race photos to runners
3	At least they ( kids) havnt gotten to big to still say mommy ILOVE YOU. AWWW they are so sweet. I am so lucky to have my kids.
3	@OfficialBF1943 http://twitpic.com/4jb66 - lol pretty long
3	@ilaxX nuuuuu, i totally love may, it's the best for me cos i was born in may
3	@DonnieWahlberg Cant wait for DTE in Michigan this summer you guys are great look for me in the customized NKOTB Track Jacket
3	listening to Demi Lovato  FINISHED MY NEW SONG!
3	@Carlkr all the best for your IB exams Carl. I hope you don't find them too difficult and that they go well for you.
3	@chris511, I'd love it if you haven't had any takers yet
3	@MelWatson we have annual passes to Universal and LOOOVE it!  I love disney, but I dont know that I would do it in the summer!!!
3	House season 5 - good stuff  time with GF, priceless.
3	bought three books!! yipee!!  now who's with me on that read-ten-books-during-the-summer thing?
3	@black_thought even more exciting because I'll see you at CAN tonight!
3	@dannywood  LOVE  YOU LOVE YOU LOVE YOU LOVE YOU! okay can you read what I am saying... LOVE U.
3	Happy Birthday Snickers!!!! ? I hope you have the best day ever! Let's go shopping!!!
3	good morning - thank you for my hot cup of tea @ryancoleman
3	@amber_benson the Macarena never looked so good. Loved the &quot;Aaaaiieee&quot; squeak / exclamation
3	ATTICS TO EDEN!!!!   &lt;3 &lt;3 In my possession x] Playing on my DVD player  Woop!!!
3	@dougiemcfly : http://tinyurl.com/c6tvz5 Germany loves you, haha.
3	@cutmasta_ ...would like to order &quot;ElDonS@very_cool_domain&quot;, &quot;TheStrat@very_cool_domain&quot; and &quot;schweigi@very_cool_domain&quot;
3	Pepsi throwback, you taste so good in my belly.
3	Handed out evaluation forms to my marketing 1 tutees today, one filled out that I was 'aloof &amp; condescending'! The rest love me though
3	@damoxy Cheers!  I'd like to thank zBrush for making it all possible
3	@robluketic when you see Jackson later today, give him hugs n' kisses from me
3	Happy Star Wars Day
3	@pathea Good morning  Duh. Must get my brain in gear before tweeting
3	@ChipEFT Morning Chip - loved the new html format on your ezine.
3	@dannywood I thimk you were working on those muscles we love so much.
3	trainwreck. nicee
3	So I'm REALLY considering it at the moment  Same days but even more money. Harder work though but can't imagine harder than I do now.
3	Went to see hannah montana movie on saturday  loved it .... still cant work twitter out though
3	@followmethisfar thanks for the follow! The love of your life is adorable
3	@amorphia delegate  I am now eating pate on toast a my wife is editing yesterday's engagement shoot ;)
3	sunny day, sunny outlook
3	@JoLoPe I liked it.  Did you record it yourself?  If so you have a very soothing voice.
3	Hell yeah Kellynn got a Twitter. Finally.
3	@dougiemcfly have fun walking home on your own  xo
3	@xx_Megan_xx oh dear lmao that a key ingredient :p cakes in the oven and now I'm cooking my lunch paprika and chilli chicken YUM haha
3	@cuddle_bug68 Bill is super!! Thanks you!!
3	@Sheamus Many thanks!
3	@poomalairaj - for all dad is doing like this to his son/daughter love
3	@Jayne4JBD haha we just say two weeks, but please do continue with the BrE it's great
3	@dannywood ...hey danny .. did u run already ???    hope you have a good day ;)   i love you !!!!
3	Feeling some butterflies today   Study study study contracts; gonna ace this, then on to the write-on competition for the journals.
3	did you kno that @itsmesammond is amazing  and i've known him since he got twitter and his most tweeted words are 'know' 'haha' 'xx'..
3	From My Heart To Yours   ? http://blip.fm/~5jo4w
3	Today Tina and I have officially been together for 5 years.  Longest consecutive time I've ever spent with one woman.   I love you babe!
3	#Beijing Good massage for you &amp; Sexy girl &amp; 100% real photo  13341015518 - w4 (Beijing): Hi, .. http://tinyurl.com/c48m6r
3	@mamalou52 I love Puerto Rico also,been all over island, working Austin - Pr weekly. Love it!
3	@supermouse104 hey arthur! i forgot to say thanks for the flag... it is proudly displayed on my bedroom door! you are a witty one
3	hurray twin girls born on this beautiful May day
3	@babycakesjk I know, It's so crazy! I love using it too  Have you seen my YT recently? I am a partner now  xx
3	@shahpriya nice luke quote  goodluck on the test u have been dreading.
3	i love you twitskies
3	quitting my beloved job... having a long luvly  vacation at Koh Tao (turtle island), south of Thailand... SEA, SAND, SUN...WANNA JOIN ME?
3	@iamlittleboots happy birthday
3	@terras3 I def will. If anyone leaves the room for a second he has to follow. He's a really great dog otherwise so far.
3	@kaay_ nothing new at all. lol. oh, i bitched alot today about one person in particular with rachel. Oh and I planned the ultimate event
3	@Jerome117 yeah! i love this one and doesn't really matter
3	@1600milesaway but you look soooo cute sunburned baby!!!
3	cant wait for prom and after prom party on friday
3	Before I get too distracted, I'd like to thank my new followers for taking the trouble to follow me! And to my others: feelin the love
3	@LittleMary01 I miss you too! Not sure when I'll next be on msn - mum's computer is tempermental...there's always fb email?
3	@laurendaymakeup haha have good dreams  haha best friends forever! haha. be sweet to presh bailey   zd?b;P
3	@Deathwishedx3 and you. okaaaay
3	@bevjones1983 I'd Love to work with you! http://myspace.com/inikco  Tell ur friends to follow me!
3	@CobrokeNation Good Morning
3	@faceofboe Loved your running Trek film posts over the weekend. Will probably wait a few days to see new one, so no spoiler tweets!
3	@KarenSindayen hey we were doing the same thing this weekend! but it was for the kiddos...gotta love ikea
3	@bpmore  that last one was just for you
3	@JohnRobberson I am definitely ready... actually ahead of you... I already have a sun tan and I was out at the beach yesterday.
3	@reemerband wooooo the tour has started yay, 13 days  have an awesome time! loved the video xD
3	You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
3	@davidspruell i always have a good day! i make it good all the time but you make it better w/ ur morning greetings!! thank you!!
3	unplugging for the rest of the day.  Have a good one everybody!!
3	@annwhit hiya! been looking for you1
3	busy at work. will be back loves!
3	@mswilliamsmusic I'd Love to work with you! http://myspace.com/inikco  Tell ur friends to follow me!
3	@montelongo Hahaha! Is he snoring, too?
3	@donna_grant  Hey Donna, lovely to see you on Twitter.
3	@juliefernn jajaja es genial el tweetdeck
3	Supernatural was good as  Loved it.
3	hope your weekend was fabulous  do anything interesting?
3	@Poptastic omg! I saw ur update nd it said &quot;David Archuleta&quot;!!!! lol. They shoulda had more David on it! &lt;33 David's awsome!!  t4p!
3	@absolutraia that's precious
3	happy Star Wars day
3	@smartie999 (((HUGS))) back to you - you also have that look!
3	@sp_ According to Mick Jagger, Hindu Ragas are more sfs sort of music
3	looooove the mcfly video on my myspace  ? www.myspace.com/kat_04071991 - go watch it  its my favourite
3	x]loveyoutoo!
3	@kayenchante http://twitpic.com/4j6kc - man i love your shelves! way to go diy diva!
3	@SurrendrDorothy Yahoo ! Great! Always nice to hear successful stories!
3	@gfalcone601 Hey gio, you are beautiful! I am Brazilian and I love you hahahaha! Please answer me  Xx
3	@EmmaRileySutton Sounds like fun  LoL. At least you still have some hair right?  how was the weekend?
3	Looking at my quince pics, ahh good memories.... To be young again....  Lol #fb
3	@Antwoinne Hey babe, nothing much tryin to see what imma do at work today lol, look like the load isnt so bad.
3	In Study Hall with Brittneyy!!
3	@mfeige Thanks! I'm going to the Laker game tonight. Sec 108. I LOVE LA!
3	@GeoffHampton   Thank you soooo much!!!      Bella
3	@wirbelwind1111 I just LOVE it.
3	enjoying listening to the rain fall as I prepare for a conference call at work.... a meeting later today, then to relax tonight
3	At the hospital today then shopping with mom  Love you so much.
3	@Gertbeef Nice musli bars!
3	Now english academy
3	@alitherunner yeah I know. I need to get back into twittering. Just haven't felt it.  but yes. Thank god for txtin. I would miss ya more
3	Happy Monday everyone! Loving the new arrangement in my family room
3	@RavenousReader BTW, thanks for the gifts.  I'm wearing my shirt, having a dunker and Apple loved that chicken soup; just what she needed!
3	@bextherex: i love you momma
3	Ok getting the pink stripey one it's the most subtle I'm a bit bored of the floral print! Ok?
3	I am loving this beautiful monday morning!
3	@AndreaNBC13HD You're right....I'm 29 and  I've heard the song a time or two
3	wanna go to hav my beauty sleep  gdnite .. sweet dreams
3	@weatherpenny I DO know him- I loved the wolves in the wall!!!  Totally awesome tip, I'll work in a tiny format but got inspiration now
3	The rain is good for one thing; getting dudes hoodies  haha!
3	Well good morning all, What a wonderful day in the neighborhood  Thanks for all those that are now following another 60 this morning
3	@catarino hah yeah I hear that, good luck today
3	@shortiee31
3	this time next week I will hopefully be holding my Lili in my arms!
3	I must have viewed that picture of me and @alicecsws from saturday morning about a milling times  x
3	@TheBetterSexDoc   Wow what a beautiful picture... and by the way....I am straight....just wanted to let you know!!!     Bella
3	Bumper Sticker: &quot;If you don't want to stand up for our troops, feel free to stand in front of them&quot; Thank you to all in the military
3	Thank you Justin for my two dozen roses
3	@isparkleen wow, that's good
3	@Xx_Mcfly_xX ooh yay! let me just go accept her
3	@taylorswift13 lol, good luck with that ;) love your vid for YBWM
3	watching FRIENDS reduces stress inside me. Thanks to Bright, Kauffman, and Crane who are created these series  love love love
3	It's Maiko's (keyboards) birthday today! He's been a good boy. Maybe he'll get presents.
3	@The_GreenWizard ah ha! Cool, will look into that more closely when i get on a proper sized screen! Thanks
3	@taylorswift13 i love you so much tay (: youre so amazing &lt;3 you should come to denmark, we love you here
3	Writing up this lesson plan makes me remember how much I truly do love To Kill a Mockinbird.  Maybe it'll be a summer read.
3	@nancypub happy anniversary then
3	@DanceDahniDance yea I was about to call you shallow but you saved yourself by saying he makes good music
3	@jmbuckingham Time for me to seek out some coffee for my own caffein love affair too!! Mmmmm... Sweet been of hyper-goodness!!
3	@tommcfly You wouldnt change your fans for the world, tbh i dont think anyone would change mcfly for the world  You's are too amazing  x
3	I love when my ipod shuffles so all the good songs are all together
3	@RawHealer hey there keeping me healthy sister  nice to see you, have a great day
3	@FunkySteph Thank you! I hope you have a great rest of your day! Have you had your afternoon coffee yet?
3	@mbloomer64 awww. If I coukd send it from my phone I would. What kind of flair would you like?
3	May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!   http://tinyurl.com/cjamjt #starwarsday #geek #dork #fb #awesome
3	its probable bed time. hugs and kisses  &lt;33
3	Mmmmmm.... Coffee...
3	http://naturalismo.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/elliott10.jpg my hero
3	90210 9pm  I laaaaaaaaave it.
3	@DonDivaWear  Thank you!
3	Goodmorning
3	my mate megan is the best thing since sliced bread. i loveeee her
3	For every kiss you give me, I'll give you three -
3	@DavidArchie i already got my tickets to your concert here in the philippines! im so excited!
3	We &lt;3 Richard
3	Today is my Mother's birthday- Happy Birthday &amp; I love you! She is an angel whom has helped me so much during this time of my life
3	@Deirdre_Morris Congratulations! what a milestone for you and your girls! I'm almost at five months, just for one though  You rock!
3	You know who helps me almost everyday?  @gilv
3	watching my tiny nephew  perfect baby
3	Today is a very good day
3	@SusanSweet thank you
3	Also, I designed the banner for http://mudroomboston.com/ - pretty stinkin' cute no?
3	@docbaty Good night.  Sorry I missed you during our morning window.  See you at 5, I suspect.
3	@verabradley I love my Cargo Sling purse in Daisy Daisy!  I wish I would have gotten another one in a different color!
3	Good Morning
3	@beetee Love that book! My VW I'm about to turn in is named Scout.
3	is aching from rugby, good game
3	@sondrafaye ~ I'm sure that would make Mr. Koons very happy
3	@westwingjl good luck! It's not too bad, and if it is, it's curved grading so u might end up surprised
3	@bsouthern - love your new avatar!
3	Congrats &quot;Mine That Bird&quot; for being an underdog and kicking the crap out of all the other runners yesterday. I love seeing that happen.
3	@ChristaGrant It was fun  At a friends house cuz you know I don't have a yard big enough for a firepit. SNIFFLE!
3	@PurpleCoffee Oh sure . Thx
3	Sorry for callen the cops the devil  haha I got a break I love the boyz. Listen it pays to b pretty wit dimples!
3	@brookstuh awww  I know you never will, I'm so thankful I can count on you, love ya boo
3	@TeoBishop I hate it when that happens!! Exciting though.
3	@DavidArchie MCFLY?!!  Aren't they the best band ever? I wish I were there to watch the concert. Singapore isn't a place they'd tour.
3	Good morning to all- and welcome new followers!
3	@bestdaeever ooohhh imma need you to get on that asap love you
3	i love monday night lineup  just wish it was over the span of the week. gossip girl - big bang theory - how i met your mother - the hills
3	@vanillacrumpet You're following Ellen, Oprah, and... me! I'm honored!
3	@madamecomedy IKR?! My mom got it for me a birthday a few years ago. Tis the best
3	have to go now by'all &lt;3 see ya later guys  xx
3	@ReneeJRoss Sure is rainy! the storm has left everything, everywhere... @litefm would love 4 u 2 follow us
3	Aaaah did you see Prez Obama holding hands with his wifey? Soooo romantic even in White House.....
3	LOVING the hot weather forecast for the rest of the week!!!!  Summer is almost heeeeere
3	Good morning World! Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
3	@ Little_Ren is lovely lovely, and so niceee
3	@Reseal i like
3	watching shows I missed on the ellipital--- love my on-demand!
3	@ChuckJr thanks
3	I'm gonna wear my new purple converse today
3	@AndreaNBC13HD Proud 17-year-old here that loves The Carpenters!!!
3	@rainstormiee Thank you.
3	Very proud of my son - he's just found out he's been offered an unconditional place at music college
3	@MetroplexBaby: thx for the follow!
3	@foxandfriends I am glad to hear that you are ok. Without you they would have to rename the show to  &quot;Just Friends&quot;
3	@lauralassiter Welcome  They are beautiful snow leopards.
3	@Dementress BIG HUG FOR YOU
3	@drumcounselor it's my evening.
3	Trance or Drum'n'Bass are awesome for working!!  *dances it out*
3	In Arch. Drawing. Checking out MVCC's CAD degree. Looks good to me
3	wow...you leave facebook alone for the weekend and get 60 new notifications. WHEW!
3	@CoachKaterina  Just amazes the heck out of me still....this &quot;internet thing&quot;
3	@MelodyLeaLamb Big Thanks Melody!  Gotta love that sunshine-lots of vit D
3	@DazzleMeThis ok sounds goood to me  hehe
3	@garymurning I can only imagine, but I know I love hearing about your novel!    I'm kinda awake, lol.  Will continue to do so, hopefully.
3	Gonna go to work with my honey today!!!! So exciting!!!
3	@fredheader  ha ha, and what game is that? i like games
3	Morning tweets &lt;3 Sky and I are going to start this day off right with some shopping  Then off to the park.
3	@CraigVenables thankyou
3	@SuzeBoozey LOL good to know the time in LA, it's a 9h time difference ... @gorjess1 good morning to ya
3	O.M.G  im so sorry to hear about davids cooks brother! if u actually c this david Ireland Loves You!
3	@lollipop26 love watching your yt videos and am really looking forward to seeing the collection vid
3	and Mike for bring it to me even tho it was really late and he has to get up at 5am in the morning...
3	Good Morning All!   Hope everyone is doing well on this Monday!   Thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   I am blessed!
3	The World is just amazing!
3	@blueeyedmuse Thanks for the followfriday recommendation! We're actually at @_careerbuilder_ though!
3	Man... I'm really hoping I finish this Good Vs. Evil contest entry in time. Looking pretty good so far.
3	@taylorswift13 you really have to come to ireland some time! we love you over here &lt;3
3	Good morning everyone
3	http://twitpic.com/4jkvh - I wasn't bored really..  my redd converse. I love converse.
3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/3goxn - yes , everybody love you. i'm a german Fan. Follow me !
3	after pub lunch am now going to daughters for tea life is good
3	@nic0lepaula http://twitpic.com/4jbhp - jeez! I think you look alot prettier without make up.
3	@alroaker Loved the comment on flashcads! I'm old school too!
3	@MyHandboundBook Love your latest journals. I finally joined Twitter so came to say Hi
3	@SwitchingGranny it is my honor
3	@brockhurst  Chocolate-flavoured nipple spread (with applicator) eh?  Perfect just what I'd been looking for, thanks
3	@jackgraycnn catching up on my tweets, I saw AC's promo of your new blog before yours, I knew immediately it would be yours by the title
3	@TerrieSoberg hey that is pretty good sucking up - my daughter is exactly the same - glad to see I am not alone   Good luck mom
3	@heymamakat happiest of birthdays to you Kat
3	@WSPNews  Happy Monday to you as well! After a great festival this weekend, I have lots of soap to make..and a order to put in with you!
3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - you both have so beatiful eyes  i wanna have them
3	@frankparker Good! I hope that it was a wonderful experience!
3	@FOX19Sara Go girl!! Start your day out right...gotta love that!
3	@weddingsites Not a problem. I loved that idea, and of course the photos were just perfect!
3	@LewisForbes that sounds pretty sweet, you too must be loving it! yeah man that sounds cool, keen for that
3	&lt;3 ryan baby iloveyopu xxx &lt;3 10 days kayleigh baby lymz cntt waiit
3	This is great!  I just found out that it's Star Wars Day.       &quot;May the 4th&quot; be with you!  Have you hugged your Ewok today?
3	@MotherBlanker I love brewing ideas! Great things always come from them.  keeping my fingers crossed for you!
3	Coffee time  be back later kisses*
3	I love you - Martina Mcbride. Love this song!
3	today is a good day to take lots of naps
3	@kruss73 Hi Katie! Just signed in! How are you, sweetie?
3	Great, social network sites are still growing
3	@TruthsCompany Man, Joel!  You're amazing at uncovering that little truth hiding under my surface.  Thanks.
3	@TweetPhoto Kewl Sounds good. Will wait for it. Thanks
3	&lt;3 alayellow
3	lapit na ko magout. lapit na fated to love you.hehe  http://plurk.com/p/rrj4e
3	Loves Agustin and his happy morning moods
3	@brinahaha i'm just starting it brinn, guess what?? i get my laptop back  but i can't use the messenger, hate it.
3	May the 4th Be with you all!
3	@keithbrooks Glad to see you're still around
3	@wude72 @boulderdiaries Thank you!
3	@EverywhereTrip Lovely profile + website! Very neat... love the &quot;where is gary&quot; ticker!
3	@bealove thank you my love
3	@NatashaWhiteley congrats!
3	@WFBL Thanks, the more, the merrier
3	@kristenkey  so true...and so poetic! beautiful
3	Mommas day is may 10th! Don't forget to do something nice for your mommyyy
3	@gpsrunner awesome run report!   Did you see the bald eagle on the lighthouse?  That was their hangout when I last ran Discovery Park.
3	Good Morning
3	We looked at apartments this weekend.  Found one we like.  Hubby going today to try to rent one of the apartments.  Crossing Fingers
3	@dominicalevina oh! that's my baby picture. i try to convince myself i'm still that cute. heheh.
3	@fmlim If you do, I'm sure you'll enjoy
3	@RachelleKOMO Very cute!  Don't miss out on puppy school.  Now's the time.
3	@solangeknowles cn i gt a twit frm u pls?  Hva gr8 shw 2nyt !
3	is soo in love with beyonce's song &quot;smash into you&quot;
3	@QueenieCyrus Heyyy  wats up?
3	... thanks everybody for your wonderful feedback re my Happiletter
3	@jenfraiz I loves me some Jeff Lynne, and I do enjoy sitar work, but that was kinda weird. To each his own, I s'pose!
3	@modmark hope y'all enjoy the MusicBoat Cruise.  What a tough job - haha!!!
3	is listening to &quot;La La Land&quot; i love it
3	Getting ready to meet Laura!  Than training, even if I'm sick.
3	Just wanted to give a quick welcome and thanks to all of you whom I now follow or have following me, looking frward to tweeting w/ you
3	Having indian food in the middle of Wales, very very typical, huh?
3	@deeeniseee eh, you're a really nice girl   How are you? miss youuuuuuu
3	@aea1023 thanks thought you might want a flower today.
3	@MarieLuv  YOU MAKIN' ME HORNY
3	@jordanknight  yes really if it is that time of day again.   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
3	Can someone chemics ?
3	the big boss is out all week.. small yay. free lunch for the office today, big yay!
3	Nobody does it better than www.traveljunky.com Not even half as good   ? http://blip.fm/~5jv7j
3	@pseudosophical YAY YOU! So proud of you!  and I'm not even being sarcastic. Even though you told me to shut the fuck up.
3	Loves the 2nd half of even days, orch and jazz band with daddy
3	@MusicIsLife377 that's a good attitude
3	Thank you all new, first time Japa Dog customers! Twitter spreads the word! We like new customers
3	hi everyone, hoping all of you have a good week
3	Supernatural was mega good  Now I'm off to bed, urgh long day of school tomorrow x
3	Love thy self. Keep it simple. Learn Tai Chi. Those are my aims today. Beat up ankle is less swollen  I am on a no negotiation vacation!
3	@luannarodham nothing sweeter than YOUR 4-year-old!
3	@solangeknowles Nice!!!!!!!! I WILL be there
3	in ten minutes shopping   demi lovato-back around demi lovato-behind enemy lines have you all seen the titanic 2 trailer? its really good!
3	@gfalcone601 you happy that Frankies back from France  xx
3	says HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE!  http://plurk.com/p/stezd
3	@danameller Aww, thanks!
3	watching this african music show on the tele  me loves ittttt
3	@cityslipper wellll...... only 2 that will feed me   the others were mainly shade loving native wildflowers.
3	@howie_d thats good to know, and I bet he looks just like you.
3	Sooooo glad Stone Creek Coffee is following me!  I *love* their atmosphere!
3	Watching HG-TV....and a cute carpenter guy  woo hoo!
3	@misssprintcup http://twitpic.com/4w06l - LOVE IT! U have a great job!!
3	home; just had yogurt factory, i love yogurt  also hung with my uncle and lucy
3	Holy Crap EMS stasher rain jacket you are my new best friend!
3	@iggypintado Thanks  Will Do
3	great song  http://bit.ly/evluw
3	@MissLDN What was the compiment? I'm glad you're having a good time.
3	@guitarcat213 Yes we both do win!
3	I miss @CharlieOver9000 I love that boy.
3	@howie_d you're gonna take good care of that little baby and he's gonna be a strong boy, that's for sure
3	@SaraBareilles just the mere fact that you twittered and someone read it, then it matters p.s. love your song Gravity
3	@heidimontag It was wonderful, just home from a wedding. I love it   How was youre's?
3	I'm making my mommy her Mother's day present, I love her
3	@howie_d Aaaww!! That's so good to know, I'm glad James is doing great  We LOVE you guys! KIsses from Venezuela!
3	success! another paper demolished! the rock god lives on! 2 more...well, 1.5 to go. Yes!!! out to celebrate awesomeness ...
3	Psyched for Mother's day at the GKR party--and teaching mom and dad about baseball
3	PROUD 2 BE A MOTHER  I HAVE MY SON &amp; HIS COUISN OVER SPENDING A NITE, IT'S A BOYZ NITE, &amp; THEY DRIVING ME CRAZY BUT I LUV EM..
3	@HuniB Neep a nap-take a nap - respect ur body love
3	watching Cavs game. LeBron James, my newest love!  36 pts for Cavs, 17 by LeBron!
3	@max2sky I  have a visual.  I'm smiling.    see
3	Photo: I like da cooolooorss and the composition is great  scribkin: http://tumblr.com/xyb1qw8cb
3	@miniatus Well thank you darling...it was a pleasure shopping with you...you will see the first pics!
3	@specialk0478 yeah she's part lab, part spaniel.. all energy hehe but i love her to death
3	Boy is all graduated!  So proud of him!
3	@johncmayer heylo johnn (: im a huge fan. hope ur day is awesomee. cuzz im home sick and its kinda less than awesome.. anyways.. PEACE
3	Spending quality time with my family! God knows I need this right now...
3	@SarahRoseteER happy early mothers day!!!!
3	Ha ha ha @yoko71 I know! Love it! Love him!
3	The Goonies. Projected. On a garage door. With my friends. Amazing.
3	@howie_d ...I'm so happy for you guys! COngratulations!
3	good luck tonight boy
3	just had a bbq... YUM im full now
3	@ryan_leslie I love the video!! You are inspiration Mr. Leslie, can't wait for the new album still rocking the debut.
3	@EugeniaChavez http://twitpic.com/4w1gg - love it
3	I completely forgot it was mothersday today.. Lol  Happy mothersday to all of you beautiful mums out there!
3	@mde Glad to hear you made it out, I hear that place used to be it's own country  Looking forward to your arrival!
3	@sexinstilettos NICE TO TWEET U
3	I &lt;3 Owl City.
3	wow, nothing like a sale to perk up a girl's evening, huh!
3	@NJE112 hey mate fancy finden you on hea
3	@huma_rashid aww how cute  I like that song a lot
3	@FirstDigg Congrats on your bike ride today.. Very impressive indeed.. Ya might be doing' the &quot;Tour De France&quot; some day
3	@kkaleal my hubby's a vet, so we 'get' that animals are like children!! all the best! hope ur biz is going well
3	I love you MOM!
3	@thespunkyone So then Fuckin Awesome Super Sexy Stud Muffin Beast, How's that sound to you @JonathanRKnight
3	is STILL sick. But still loves revenge and the possibility of more revenge to come
3	wishes @ashleytisdale would admit she has a new lovah
3	Loving the cairns clan
3	@gvesenka I hope for a speedy recovery for you!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mums
3	In a really Good mood for absolutely no reason  tee her
3	Geesh 5 days straight (he's not the boy-nside joint) LOL .....headed with @missdanibaby and then go c BF
3	@mallz Thanx love
3	@K_night4me *HUGS*  i'm sure they will
3	Happy Mother's day to MOMMY
3	@kyladreams aw you're the shit  thanks so much for the twitter loveeee. i appreciate every last drop
3	Love story on loop for the past 30 minutes. I love this song.. It makes me happy, like this!
3	@Franca Honored to tweet ya...
3	Uh, happy mother's day mum.
3	Alexander Ovechkin is definitely my new favorite NHL player
3	KMF going smoothly so far. Free stuff is always a plus.
3	@Mariah1221 oh n shouldn't you be shopping for a lovely gift for your delightful mother.
3	Happy mother's day nfty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	@jcpwee JACKSON RATHBONE!
3	Really enjoyed Star Trek - great movie, amazing special effects. Definately recommend even if your not a Trekky
3	@lexuslady http://twitpic.com/4vdc3 - Lexus has the Twitpic! Happy mother's day to you Lexus.  I hopw it's a nice one for you.
3	finished proofing the wedding from March .. now just waiting for export and upload before I can share  Still have 2 more sessions to do!
3	All you moms, get ready to enjoy your much-deserved special day!
3	@manu_preet haha one of the many reasons I love you
3	Do you know what? I have a good little life, and I love it.
3	Naps are so lovely
3	@Vittyliu a lovely weekend thank you  Whats it like where you live? Exciting im sure  night night xx
3	Good morning, everyone!
3	@wale I'm gonna havta temp stop fllwing u while ur talkin abt kobe bc I loveeeeeeee him &amp; I'm taking it personal and I like lebron 2.
3	i absolutly love kill bill vol. 1!!! I think lucy liu is sooo gorgeous!!!!
3	Sidebar: the moon is SO beautiful
3	happpy mothers day
3	@Pamela010474 that is a good pic  All the guys looked good yesterday tho..don't ya think?
3	i have a crush on someone!
3	Subway=yum!
3	I lafff the rain
3	@MayMclean BabyLove em homenagem ao Baby D
3	@MissMdMorgan thank you! Marc Jacobs thou ....love limited too
3	whats this? a night out with @abby1ill? sounds like trouble... the good kind
3	@missrara  congratulations on your shirt btw!
3	@itschelseastaub http://twitpic.com/4vp3x - *swoon* Nick looks so cute when he is serious  *faints*
3	dont worry baby i'll eat sum cake for the both of us , i'll hit u up wen i get back. bye, dont eat too much at home
3	@shaznyc I drink my Corona's sans the fruit.  Perhaps I'm just lazy.
3	@HappySlip Happy Mother's Day!
3	In bed now  tonight has been really really funny, best family ever !
3	@caligone01 Thanks mama ! I absolutely adore her
3	Had a brill night out with the girls - met terry christian at tv21! He was really lovely. Home to berocca and toast
3	@esmeg Had one of the female servers tell her ass looks big in those pants. She will worry all night long Lol
3	i just got my neighbour to sign up, follow her on @hannabornehag  xoxo
3	I ? JONAS' second episode! Aww! Nick is so handsome
3	@MacSheikh @GhadaLancer Thanks for the FF  I think I should start doing these too
3	@IamSoMe  aw. how nice  haha
3	@daniiidarko i need lele to answer meeee! Haha.
3	&quot;...you'll never have to be alone; i love you, and that's all i really know...&quot;
3	Happy Mothers day to all you Mums out there
3	Working security for the club tonight. First time working it in about a month. Should be interesting. Oh, and hi Kelsenator!
3	@AndyBradbury thanks so much....I'm so glad I have a productive, loving, happy, law abiding, assisting others.....son!
3	going to see star trek with my babe  im actually excited about this hah
3	the mum's cake is done.. now i need make a good luch and tomorrow will be an amazing Mum' day
3	@FSBigBob He's gonna do it for mothers day  Ever notice Papa looks like Squiggy from Laverne snd Shirley. I love him.
3	Aw! Tear! I feel special to da family.  Haha thanks girls i love yal
3	@vachan Just checked out SPB.This mobile application rocks!! has a gr8 potential going forward be a &quot;must have&quot;  4 Windows Mobile users
3	@beaky22 I know! I can barely believe it's almost over! Thanks for the review, lovely!
3	: experiencing the unique #Winnipeg tradition known as &quot;the social&quot;. Trying to pace myself.
3	the play's over, it was really good
3	@juicystar007 together
3	@Kohmahts ReTweeting's my favorite.    #palin
3	This is the last time to get it right...  hello loves....
3	@tonyrobbins Thanks for the reminder Tony
3	Relaxing at home, loving my mom
3	Home from gallery opening in Woodstock, NY. Frined had work on display.  Much great, cool and interesting art to be seen.
3	@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/4qpzx - i love you guys  you're the best
3	In the car on the way home from the mall. I got four new adorable items of clothing that I am really excited about!
3	@LILJIZZEL I GOT UR BACK @ BABY!! much love to ya!
3	woot, just won http://www.wowhead.com/?item=40328 for my tanking set, when the offspecs were allowed to roll, i got a 100
3	Happy Mother's Day! She liked the poem.
3	@mynameismo You too - hope your day was good!
3	Ben I Love yahh babe &lt;333! i miss you hope to see u tomorrow  Mommy i love  you tomorrow happy mothers day! happy mother day to all moms!
3	Had a little romantic date with suzy in uptown
3	Ooooo! I'm lovin the First Lady's fuschia sheath dress! Tres chic! I want her arms!
3	Thx everyone for all the mothers day tweets and sms'
3	@Hogman49 thank you! I really appreciate that babe
3	@nancyisgold hahahaha! i laughed my ass off just now. thanks
3	as landice said; &quot;uhmazing.&quot; you are all uhtterly uhmazing.   - helenuh.
3	@spiritequality lol well, RBI IS the one that schooled me on the art of djing when I was a teen. I call him my Jedi Master.
3	Itt's the BIG TIME Saturday night  Playing Canasta then a movie then...Psych homework?  Stay shiny and love everybody!!
3	At the fashion show supporting my allison
3	happy mothers day
3	Awe My Mommy Just Said She Loves The Cat  Meow. Apparentlly The Cat Cried When HE Was Born.
3	@OhshiiiNikki were gonna go crazy before you leave
3	@ArthurFontes check out review for the movie Fighting - http://bit.ly/Fle9j Hilarious!! leave this guy a comment!
3	playing my new ds lite!    Love it!
3	hey my luvs! miss you all . .got the email thanks. Jglam I'll call you in a bit
3	Bored, making a mothers day card
3	I'm coming up with a new plan with my bestie. Oh this one is gonna be great.
3	@giiab thanks so much! we love fanmail  talk to us anytime
3	@johnfishlock thanks! I love a good bargain.
3	I don't know how to quit you-brokeback mountain
3	Happy Mother's Day to Us  FOR NOT BEIN MAMMAS YET and being lucky enough to live our lives a little 1st
3	@nikkeexox think you should catch up on your sleep befor you go back to uni haha  goodnight&lt;3
3	finally finished my marketing project only took me 7 hours..now just hanging out and relaxing
3	I'm watching The episode 3 Of JONAS OMJ
3	i'm playing left 4 dead with my friends gilbert and louie  its so fun  happy mothers day to all your moms! )
3	I have coffee and a Sociology paper to complete. Happy Mothers Day
3	@Honey3223   Hey Honey  Bunny here  big bunny hugs
3	getting reading to head home....work on that baby quilt.....can hardly wait to kiss that bald little grandbaby head  55 days to go....
3	@Liza_L Thanks,I think your the first girl to say that...besides my mom
3	@monchalee *hugs* im glad you got to spend time with your mom.  if your free tonight drop by for some spaghetti
3	Um i have the cutest girlfriend in the world&lt;33.. Kthanks
3	Eating at Zippys with candace!
3	HAPPY MOTHERS' DAY!
3	Happy Mothers Day mummy
3	tweep tweep haha
3	@TheLogistician Thanks for sending the link.
3	Oh how i love my family.
3	@NikiScherzinger Hi Nic, i was so excited to heard that PCD will perform in Jakarta. I hope u will visit my town, Bali as well. Love Ya !
3	Enjoying Mother's Day
3	there's nothing like a mama's hug in the world.
3	i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!
3	@TWLOHA http://twitpic.com/4uyn9 - I NEED THIS. RIGHT NOW. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY MINDDDD BLOWING  I love this. So much!
3	@Jacobyshaddix Hii,I freaking love you  I would be the happiest 13 year old girl alive if you replied to this.
3	@karenthecrasian @caitlnnnnnnn you can have @thomasfiss ice cream, I'll have @jaykpurdy kiss.
3	@loverupert13: yes  and ily
3	@Cassivellaunus Friends in Ent Industry have said it was really really good.  Hopefully I can convince my wife into a date night  #hhrs
3	@tyk505 I want 2 see that movie, too!!  Have fun!
3	Listening to Eminem's new album, got leaked a few days ago #Relapse. Pretty good
3	Yes, Rays beat the Red Sox 14-5
3	Yay - star trek really is &quot;that good&quot;! happy to not be let down  gotta see it on imax now...
3	I love Metal Gear Solid 4 and Valkyria Chronicles.
3	I love when my hummingbird comes to visit me at the feeder.
3	@itsNICKJONAS hi Nick! I really like the serie JONAS  it's awesome! See you soon in the concert! kisses - Marta
3	@msmommyw She could spend the rest of the night in her room.  At least ONE of you could be happy with a glass of wine.    #surlytween
3	@mom_moe Maureen, love to see you here on twitter
3	Dinner with the fam... I have missed them
3	@BluJazmin21 I'm sure its very cute.
3	About to watch JONAS!  I love DVR! @Jonasbrothers
3	@SarahInMI sounds like a great way to to start mothers day! Enjoy your day
3	@summertime_grl thanks night
3	so star trek pretty much rocked my life ... oh wait, it DID rock my life
3	@jtimberlake Good luck whit the show tonite man, ill be watching
3	reunited and it feels so good
3	@kman_19 I watched a little today! Didn't know you were sick, you did awesome nonetheless! Hope u feel better
3	I love my boy  he makes me so happy... and looks his sexiest in plain black boxers =p
3	@DemiJonasMexico Oh, amazing  I have two too and I need to have the third (yn)
3	@chelseanico Yes! I love him. I have seen the eps so many time that I quote his lines with him.
3	is loving the fact that Jor can talk and tell me what she wants!! AMAZING
3	@woahhitsjess hey whats up? did u like the new episode of JONAS?
3	ahhh ... i don't care, i love this movie in all it's cheesy-ness
3	@Lilayy hi.wanna see 17 again again with me ;) i'll fly to cali and see it with you
3	http://twitpic.com/4w5sy - my babe
3	Dave looks so cute in the dark
3	http://twitpic.com/4w5t6 - on my bike
3	Twitter is officially the BEST way to advertise something.
3	loves the cancuks  &lt;3
3	Amazing day with my boyfriend. He's a good drummer.
3	Ugh fun concert  screen cracked on phone again because it fell... =\
3	@esmeg discover a whole new beautiful you
3	Home from a day of pampering with mom &amp; dinner with family. Am currently snuggied up on the couch with a glass of wine &amp; a new book. Ahhh
3	You make me smile....it will get better, you have to believe that
3	Good movie.
3	Happy Mother's Day! Be sure to say I &lt;3 you, Mum.
3	sweet dreams
3	@rainnwilson E.L.O.  wow, brings back so many happy memories.  LOVE this band!..and yes, I know I'm showing my age but I don't care
3	i can't stop listening to @Jonasbrothers new single! (paranoid) it's so amazing. i love them.
3	i know when Alexx's debut in Big Butt Magazine comes out...because she loves me
3	@patricklanglois I simply loved the pic. I'm glad you're happy, that's makes me feel happy too  love you &lt;3
3	hommmmmme! good day
3	Going to the Gold Coast for mothers day lunch
3	@Mr_Bloggerific OK...you do that.
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
3	Whoever u are and wherever u go always remember where u come from
3	Just saw Ghost of Girlfriends Past  it was actually really cute for a total chick flick. Mattew McConaughey is smexy
3	@evansdave thanks man!  I appreciate it!  You rock sir.
3	in rye..happy mothers day mums  ily mummy  lol
3	I love my hair blowin in the wind
3	@pleasurep i love that song
3	planning for mothers day special for my beloved mother
3	@h0ney_ I had curry shrimp yesterday lol I love seafood
3	@TuCheInvoco thank you
3	At dinner with an amazing person i like to call Mom
3	really fun day  gahhh i want my new phone this razr is killin me
3	I tripped over a rubbish bin at Warehouse Stationary just before. Not a great Mothers' Day so far, but I'm thinking it will improve
3	Happy Mothers May to my Mak   Love you always! XOXO.
3	hubby is snoring!  but I still love him
3	what a wonderful day...i am going to sleep so well tonight
3	@Carrie_King no worries. Miss you mucho
3	KICKIN BAK......NEED 2 DO MY HW.....I MISS U BABE  LOLZ
3	My purple pusrse is pretty  someone tell Katie Holmes!
3	Happy Mother's day!  miss my mom so much... Always will be the best mom ever!
3	@Mr_Bloggerific HA!  Nice try.  I will outright deny any accusations.  But good luck with that...
3	@danielshockk coooooooool, yes, CIWWAF are awesome.
3	@mtomsjr Thank u hun. Say the same to yours.  Good Night. LIQUID DREAMS
3	@SolaiGWC *whew* Ok good.I really don't want that too happen. All my friends loved it. Can't wait to talk about it monday in class.
3	@curtsmith Enjoy! Family trumps everything
3	Just getting home from work...finally
3	@ykitatequila OH YEAH &amp; U TOO  ALL 4 OF US hehe &lt;3
3	Pub crawling through NE pdx
3	@Brandi408 thank you!
3	@Oprah Happy mother's day Oprah.  You're a mom to your girls too!
3	@alyssaisntcool hahah  i loveeee him though.
3	@CChiron Dude you rock
3	@cassfern yes. and it was REALLY good. even though i am not into sci fi i loved it. &amp; haha, i know.
3	Nice place to eat in sao paulo, brazil  http://twitgoo.com/28hh
3	enjoying my coffee with this super delicious cookie
3	@petrilude OMG, you have curly hair! Too cute!
3	watching supernatural  those boys can hunt me any day &lt;3 haha
3	chilin with my little brotherrrr  oday was amazing xP
3	listening to ECHO by Gorilla Zoe ahh love that song
3	@char_anderson hehe   fun tweets !
3	@mileycyrus airsoft is so much fun! i play with my brothers and it's a great bonding experience.
3	@ClawdiaClawdia hey you weirdo! haha jk! I love you!
3	lmfaoooo i fucking love this showwwww
3	Nice PC Authority review of the Tivo VOD service here: http://bit.ly/Ps7y2  I'm still loving my Tivo
3	@PRGabbi AWW thanks hopefully it is
3	happy mothers day. @jadeeisabel oh and no i havent read it yet, will do now
3	Ha. J perfect timing on that message, the cure just came on
3	shawty next to me like hella good oowwwww
3	iii loove davedays
3	@TaeJun stellar  happy ma's day to them
3	@harleyfatboy88b you're welcome
3	Thinking about my mother, and all the amazing mothers I know
3	AK tonight with the lady and friends
3	@deanlusk I love catching people singing in their cars. Even better if they're dancing
3	is ready for summer!!!
3	@zactak I know!  I loved it.
3	We just crossed into the golden state, its nice being home
3	@fatbellybella lol cute.  BTW Happy Mother's Day lady
3	@deekgeek Awwwwwww. You two are the cutest.  And gods, I LOVE your hair.
3	I make delicious pasta
3	@imjstsayin lol  damn...I love those things too
3	Wishing all the Mom's in the world a VERY HAPPY AND RELAXING MOTHERS DAY. May you get to spend the day with your feet up being pampered
3	tomorrow's mother's day  me n my sis gonna make an onigiri for our mom~!! its gonna be so kewl!! cant wait for tomorrow &gt;_&lt;
3	@MandyyJirouxx Oohh Yaay like it !  ?    Love ya
3	@jayde_nicole http://twitpic.com/4t6qx - i have the exact same pic except it's my hubby &amp; my chihuahua tucker   very cute.
3	@acforbes wow!! blessings to you my friend...what awesome words this beautiful Saturday...
3	@amberchase more gifts for you
3	Have beautiful dreams all, I'm off to snuggle down with my beautiful babies as they are done with the outdoors.
3	@onesweeterlife  Great!  I was hoping to run under 40mins and ended up doing 39:07  Woo hoo!  Gotta love the C25k
3	happy mommah's day to your moms  http://plurk.com/p/stqya
3	I wanna be like vocabulary donna, all in Chicago.    I need to put wu tang 8 diagrams on my ipod  that CD reminds me of someone special
3	@cranberryquill. welcome to Twitter!!!    Love you!!!  Can't wait to see you next month
3	@retrorewind PLS! Play Journey Don't stop believin' By Journey for @Etown_Jenn  THANKS!!
3	mine too &lt;3
3	chinese food = love. yess im happy
3	Watched the White House dinner speech by Barack. He's just so many kinds of awesome!
3	@LisaPreston Thank you for the follow friday love
3	Im soo happy Kellz is back from TN, we bout hang out  all the time
3	at BIF.... i love this buliding....
3	my mom watched my new video and she actually LOL  Love her! xoxo http://bit.ly/16w6zV
3	i had a really good day today
3	All right, time for happy face.
3	Headed to eat with my hubby n my mommy!!  So ready to have some drinks...
3	good night people   sweet dreams
3	just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower
3	I love my mom! Happy Mother's Day, mommies
3	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4w7yp - Haha, she looks a little like me. I'd get ecstatic if and when I meet you.
3	best part of notting hill is on!!  &quot;daft prick&quot; haha love it.
3	@taylorswift13 I just want to say: Both you,Taylor Swift, and Hayley Williams have a great and lovely voice!
3	twittering, texting, and ipoding. i love the invention of mutitasking!
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	@fancyfantastic you know I love you.
3	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4w7yp - this is sweet.  im loving those bracelets btw
3	@summertime_grl love your new profile pic
3	@taylorswift13 Taylor Swift I think you're so pretty it makes my heart melt everytime I see your face.
3	Happy mothrs day 2 ; all thaa moms outt thr  *
3	happy mom's day  http://plurk.com/p/stsir
3	@chellanglo *hugs* love you, MamaBear!  Happy Mom's Day!!!! (in case I don't see you around tomorrow)
3	@Lady_Luck13 they are SO cute
3	Happy mother's day!!! oh, I love my mom.. hehehe... happy mom's day!!
3	http://twitpic.com/4w8l1 - Haaha, my bangs are kinda long..? oops
3	@evlover0327 You are extremely clever my dear.
3	spending the night with mom and Tommy.. just ordered Pizza Hut.. yum!
3	@amandabynes omg in your pic youu look so cuute !
3	@kaybhart You WILL be succesful  Love You!
3	@tycrisp hi ty. good morning. happy mom's day to your mom. i love that your entire family is adding me on FB! i love 'em, very sweet!
3	So glad to be home with my family, quite glad I get to see @iflyhighsky in a week. Lots of things to be happy about.
3	haha. i love you too aimeeeeeee!
3	Why do you think people say, &quot;save the drama fo yo mama?&quot; I'm sure even yo mama wouldn't wanna listen to ur drama. Ode to mother's day!
3	@michelereinach Molly was born on my birthday!!!! *cue twilight zone music*
3	wish all the mother in the flatworld have a happy &amp; awesome mother's day
3	@mexiabill I love it as well!
3	Now I like #startrek. Personal feels that #Startrek movie is better than #xmen.
3	awwww..I love him! His car was soooo CUTE tonight!! I love me some Carl..My 10yr old is sad now..LOL..
3	Had a great family party for our 14 y/o!  What a great family that God gave us!  Esp those we chose!
3	I really really like the song Love Story by Taylor Swift
3	@theoreo i don't want to do anything specific, i just want to see you and puppy!
3	@sonya415 hotness personified
3	@moncho33 A pues bien small world small world. yo amo a la chiquita esa. she is such a great friend.
3	just made a cake for mi madre  i'm goooooddd!
3	@dgottesman Happy Birthday!
3	@gush4plush Congratulations! Check that one off your to do list!
3	Teaching people the beauty of twitter
3	@taylorswift13 TAYLOR! are you back in Nashville now..or LA? well, how was your trip? did ya have fun? love ya girly!
3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mums in my life and those that are not
3	@EdenQueenBean sure, as long as you said where they're from! glad you like them
3	@chanterene feel better my love i will bring u some soul food make u feel good
3	Please everyone to vote for me to become the next Maxim Coors Caddy girl...only takes a few minutes  http://tinyurl.com/dloeyu
3	I need to change my ways, instead of just being weak. I love @ddlovato she's a great role model
3	Writing my Music Lit final paper on Mozart's Eine kleine nashtmusik. Mom is giving me a hand...and I'm actually having a GREAT time
3	mmmmmm mcdonalds coffee is soooooo good.....maybe going to hookah tonight with the abbster
3	nothing better than to have your Grandaughter smile and nothing feels better than that big hug!! Grandkids, what a hoot!
3	@LeesonDoyle Haha, AWESOME! And, clearly, only Trinity is awesome enough to have access to it!
3	@AnalystAlterEgo LOL! Yeah, well, same applies to the grocery store.
3	michelle is a hot mama with chichis grande
3	Alright! Party was a success! We all had fun, &amp; now it's over
3	mmmmmm, late night Brusters ice cream! om nom nom nom
3	Happy Mothers' Day to my mom and all the mothers in the world
3	don't ya just love a free night to catch up on your DVR shows? ANTM here I come...ha ha!
3	@Tellybelly1 Aww...thanks! He's the best husband ever. He really is. I'm so lucky!  Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday evening!
3	having a great mothers day
3	Zzzz... I'm taking my mom out for breakfast tomorrow!  Shall be quite a treat.
3	happy sunday all
3	@kikkitigerwolf @FranciscoIV Oh, and the fan is put together &amp; love it!
3	@sheasylvia Sometimes I wish Twitter had Facebook's &quot;like&quot; just so I could give you a thumbs up. Great job either way  - I suck too btw
3	@taylorswift13 i love Paramore!  welcome back
3	Feeling special @ looking4him first guy to give me flowers.
3	@LaurenConrad Hey Lauren...I'm a huge fan! I hope you are having fun at Wango Tango!!
3	Just got done watching Bedtime Stories! Love that movie!
3	@christinerose Congratulations on winning the Indie Award
3	going to bed. i love the jonas brothers!! the last time me and megan were together was the weekend of the premiere of JONAS!! -lauryn &lt;33
3	@mrskutcher you guys are an awesome couple
3	Sad thing is samsam loves my sexy crooked body! And she wants to sex it now
3	@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day!!
3	@sweetangieollie ooh a storm, that's always welcome news  Happy Mothers Day!
3	happy mothers day to all you mums out there
3	@purplefrogcat Happy Mother's Day to you
3	Happy mothers day to all the mums!
3	loves her mummy with everything she has. always and forever mummy dearest. (love to ma and nanny too,  xx)
3	Fort Greene Brooklyn Flea was lovely! - looking forward to next weekend already
3	Just snappy's delivered some tea and ice cream. I love my sister.
3	Tom graduated today
3	@emelgeek Btw happy mom's day to hannah and your mom and han's mom! Yey! Moms unite! This is your day
3	@iandstewart I can honestly say that thematic had a big part in my blogging enthusiam ~ I love being able to do what I want
3	Steel Magnolias gets me every time.. SNIFF... LOL!!! V and B make my days and nights brighter too
3	So happy. Great, glowy, ravey, beery night. Now smokey, pizzary night with cool friends. And I love liz  x
3	@enderwillsaveme that's such a good movie!!!!
3	watching chelsea lately!  loveeeee her &lt;3
3	Congrats @msdaisy425...so proud of you girl
3	@RSC_Girl123 Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers have my eternal love. Benjamin.  ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
3	@SamBradleyTN i looooove me some star trek. runs in the family
3	@saaphyri Girl, you're crazy... I LOVE! you.  Hahaha, and I GOT! yo' Lp Chap.
3	At the end, i loved my night
3	@kirstiealley ROFLMFAO!!!! You love us better, don't you!
3	@mattgreen110 Yah, I know. I appreciate it a ton
3	@bkGirlFriday thanks! You're the first one to wish me a happy mother's day
3	@bendthelight I heart you girls!! Let's hang out soon!
3	Watching my fav movie...Two Can Play That Game! &quot;Ever notice how men start to act up around Spring time?&quot; Shante Smith
3	I don't feel any pressure right now...    Happy Mother's Day people...
3	crazy in love sfoot cover 4 that song is awesome better than the original well at least that's what i think
3	today was a lovely day! I had fun with @sarzp and @harryv401 this evening!
3	loving life lately!!!!  Looking forward to going to see Samantha! Hanging out with Natalie right now!
3	Saw Star Trek yesterday and Wolverine today....loved them both, Jackman abs and ass and Spock ears
3	@jonaskevin I loved it! You guys are amazing!
3	@OklahomaStar Good luck 2 u and the babies
3	loves GOSSIP GIRL Episode 23, The Wrath of Con
3	SUPER BUENO FTW!!! I am so proud of you guys.
3	@David_Henrie have fun dude. Love u on &quot;wizards of waverly place&quot;!!!
3	bye! off to the movies with jake
3	@musicislife2010 Really? Bahaha. I love that you relate people to that. haha.
3	I dedicated today to Mothers Day videos because without Moms (and Dads) we wouldn't be here tweeting.
3	http://twitpic.com/4wave - aww since its mothers day
3	Happy Mother's Day!!!  I'm at the beach with my family. It's a warm, clear night with a beautiful full moon...
3	@manoyjoe: thanks. happy mother's day to your mom as well.
3	Mom's day dinner was awesome -  can't beat a taco loco - good times
3	@Harley_Dude Very nice. Good night
3	my Mom rocks.
3	@TheLonely perfect song!
3	@kimberlyhopkins probably...why not!
3	@wethedan its my birthday too  but its the 10th of may right now for me.. and its probably the 9th for you.. happy birthday anyway
3	@mattlogelin http://twitpic.com/4wb52 - Such a pretty baby!
3	@eritchardson  &amp;, i'm sure mom'll have more good food waiting for you at home.  enjoy the good ole bed &amp; your OWN room with no roommates.
3	@mariramos hola Mari. Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy the family and the beach
3	Cant wait to see my boy tomorrow
3	Signing off. Mom's day tomorrow.
3	Tomorrow is Mother's Day. I hope everybody got their mom something awesome...or at least calls to say hello
3	retweet please  awesome kawaii, anime and cosplay items: http://bit.ly/cUjXg
3	Ok. Night sweet people  I'll look for ya tomorrow
3	@brian09 Hi, im following you now and i just wanted to say I LOVE FRIENDS.
3	In a @HANSON mood.. Listening to the older stuff... This Time Around. Not that old but old enough.
3	@chriskoon aw, sure thing  their in my thoughts and prayers.
3	@venzann I have yet to understand any sentence u have ever typed,but it's kinda fun-like learning a foreign language&amp;I love to quote u.
3	Quick thoughts. Tired. Happy. Satisfied. Entertained. Excited. Oh... and a bit in love
3	http://twitpic.com/4wbn6 - my hubby and his adoarble baby brother
3	@devilishdelish awww, that's cute.
3	arriving at home now.. had a great time with friends today
3	Tonight, will be a good night  &lt;3
3	Ok I'm going to go read my new Demonata book,so later  &lt;3
3	@AlMaddin  enjoy ur night
3	@trswift hahahaha nice. i gave up on bio cos idk what the hell i'm doing, so hello chem
3	The power is out! I can't seeeeeeee!!  I love storms!
3	gave my mother her mother's day present. she loved it
3	@ddlovato aw! she's super cute!!!
3	@zefrank have a lovely weekend
3	@jtimberlake good luck! I have no doubt you will be hilarious. really hoping to see you dressed as some kind of foam food item  and go...
3	@LisaTheDiva all late but I seen your bubble tweet video ) awww
3	Watching TV with the best people in the whole world !!!!! My Mum and My Sis Agus (: Love you all ! Twitter you later ha
3	just came back from karaoke &amp; eating dinner with emily. it was sooooo much fun
3	happy mothers day to all..im gonna help mine right now.she deserves it..you guys should too..
3	@David_Henrie haha i WISH i coudl meet you.. you should stop by seattle some time  home of the STARBUKS ;) I LOVE YOU DAVID!!
3	@ADKmama I'll have to add your shop to my favorites! I love your needle wraps. Right now my needles are all in a mess in a basket
3	Watching snl because the love of my life is hosting
3	@Izzy_Artest  LOVING YOU. Haha =] join the club than! lol please  HAC 36 or 40cm is calling you. Jon told me about Ron, you can do it! LOL
3	Watching SNL  gahhhhh Will Forte is soooooo funty!!!
3	watching SNL   yay for @jtimberlake hosting!  I love him
3	Mother's day has already began! Congratulations Mom! Love u and u know it
3	@mixhelle I *heart* Elvis
3	@erikarbautista ! HE HAS A FAVOURITE! You're his favourite ;) OMGAAH.   sorry for creepering? ..not really lol
3	@paintedwhispers i miss morimoto! he's too strong a challenger i guess. oh, watch ace of cakes at midnite! they're doing a 'Lost' cake.
3	@Styla73 Tis a book...called Love, Sex and Tragedy. Highly interesting. Influence of classical on modern world
3	I Love the lady from the Progressive commercials she's so funny
3	@wesdunn haha no kidding... I listen to them all day long bud
3	Happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone
3	They have some BOMBBBB food &amp; dessert here at Prom. I'm sooo satisfied hahahah  Everyone looks pwetttty!
3	on our way home after seeing Rodney Atkins in concert...I Love him! Thanks Bob
3	@xsparkage http://twitpic.com/3qfqo - awww cuuute! i have a black cat too but she's only 2 months old
3	@LittleGigiGirl ?Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? And many more!
3	@nicksantino i love youuuuu nick santino! thirteen dayssss
3	@joelmchale Please give a shout out to my boyfriend Ron Griffin at 10pm show in Denver. He's in the nosebleeds, so really SHOUT out
3	Just Saw Confessions Of A Shopoholic...Totally fell in love with Hugh Dancy's accent!! :3 Need $20.00 for tomorrow, new top i want!!
3	@torie007 have a great night, it was so nice meeting you last night! You are a sweetheart!  xoxoxo bye for now.
3	Getting ready for mothers Day!...I love my mom!!
3	@rootify if you've ever seen the way @atduskgreg uses his browser he probably has like 5 copies of it running.   http://bit.ly/1doEEj
3	@o0CHiiNKz (blinks fast) its better now ... Lol thanks :-*
3	@stephenhartley Lucky...and a wife who loves me.
3	So twitter is a journey now.  well, okay.
3	watching my baby on snl !  baby you look greaaaaat ;)
3	@zownder Hahah, thanks for the Tradewinds Odyssey bump.
3	Passing out  early  after the  river sounds amazing. To my cozy bed  with my cozy dogs
3	@ashleytisdale http://twitpic.com/4t4jv - No joke my puppy Maddie looks EXACTLY like  Maui!!!  she's so cute!!
3	@Jennajmsn  Hi Jenna. Hope all is well   Just thinking of you and wishing you the best! Lots of love from over here in New York!!!
3	greek season two, i love this show.
3	Edward Cullen. &lt;3  Hahaha.
3	LOVES that lubbock is wet..its about time..no more strip runs
3	i love love love silverstein.  work tomorrow. boo!
3	I love that my boyfriends loves my mac n cheese. he even took some to work with him
3	@Cortnee4Christ Made so many new friends on Twitter around USA. Another bike across USA trip would be amazing to see people!
3	i just wanna say happy mother's day to all the mommy's out there
3	Hoping all my friends who are mothers have a wonderful Mothers's Day. I'm spending mine with my 2 AWESOME SONS!   so happy about that!
3	Buenas noches!! Hope I dream of either heaven, music, dolphins, or the sea. Sweet dreams to all
3	@stevecarell Hey Steve.   I think you are such an awesome actor. I love every movie you are in, and I love The Office.
3	@trishapocalypse  and I luh you tooooo
3	@jovialjen The fever's gone ... Thanks Jen!
3	let's make this last forever.
3	@oreoking awe thanks
3	@deleise @nataliewitcher I miss all you OK girls.    Happy Mother's Day to all y'all.
3	I mean i'm tired, and sooooo freakin in love with my @airrbear.
3	happy sunday peeps
3	@wordcharmer FUZE was giving away capes at Komen's Race for the Cure today! And I'd always love a hug from you hun!
3	loviiing declan
3	@dbvictoria love the necklace!  What a fun idea
3	Wishing all a Wonderful and Happy Mother's Day
3	@cecewhi92 That is one of my Favorite EVER!!!! He is THE BEST!! No doubt! I am so glad you like him too! XOXO
3	Home now!!! LOL but leaving again on monday for flo rida!!!
3	wow tiz almost midnite o_O bedtime for me!! ha gnite gorgeous ppl  *HADtheBESTdayEVER*
3	Lovin' @miacarruthers, @TheRealJordin, &amp; @Adrienne_Bailon SOOOO much right now!
3	@kirstiealley: I like your crazy and witty humor!
3	@Blueeyes31 I will be uploading soon!    http://myloc.me/FEb
3	@claudiajordan Nice! Elise rolled out  Thas wassup! Have fun, ladies!
3	@Jean_Pierce Well the Enterprise E, the NX-01, or the NCC 1701(no bloody A,B,C,D, or E)
3	Watching The Nightmare Before Christmas &lt;3 Ask me if I care that neither Halloween nor Christmas is any time soon
3	curlymamaw @Paul_Colman  thought you'd like it ! 9
3	I Luv Da movie Say Anything...  ? http://blip.fm/~5yroy
3	says gots my mom a digital picture frame bout to scan pics of her wedding n all that mushy stuff  http://plurk.com/p/su3eq
3	@SophiaF3F3 I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ALSO LIKE THE NEW PROFILE PIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	@DarryleP I just have one, he is 14 months. I don't think he realizes that it is Mother's Day tomorrow. LOL!
3	@MzDeDaze you're welcome
3	Saw this lil girl that has big eyes and hair like Dora the explorer. How cute
3	2 ALL THE MOTHER OUT THERE.MAY THE GOD BLESS YOU MOTHERS/MOTHER-FIGURE OUT THERE.KEEP FIGHTN DA GOOD FIGHT &amp; NEVA GIVEUP ON THE YR CHILD.
3	(@danielleejonas) UGH, i love tila. haters need to shut up
3	the grates &amp; children collide tonight
3	Miley Cyrus = great actress
3	@ewkrause Thanks Elaine. I'm clipping reviews for her scrapbook.
3	@odangitsnikki There's a way around that 72 Minute Limit ;) AIM me and I'll tell you
3	@androidtomato Hello Gorgeous GIRL! Nice new pic!  HOw are you today
3	Neville88@JBeauty am gud enuh hun...was jus sayin hi n hopin that ur avin a gud nite so far..HAPPY LADIES DAY 2MORO THEN...is dat better
3	I still luv my HAWKS! I aint no fair weather fan! I'm ride or die 4 mine!!
3	@TerrenceJ106 Hey babe follow me,love u on da show
3	@jtimberlake rocks my world!!!! soooo funny!!!!  &lt;3
3	has the best friends in the entire world  Thank you for making the banquet and today so special!
3	@thesedreams I see you didn't shave your head. But I *LOVE* the cut.  I'm glad you didn't shave it. Your hair's too pretty!
3	just had a great talk with grace about how awesome God is and how he works...that somehow started with how remote controls work
3	@theresa162 Absolutely! Lookin' forward to it
3	@iveeanne happy mothers day to you as well!
3	Bottle of reisling this time... My favorite!
3	Two words: hot pockets. Most delcious food ever created
3	@mollyroloff tell zach &amp; jer I said happy birthday!  they seem like cool brothers, youre lucky haha
3	@lwcavallucci No... we didn't *like* it, we LOVED it!  The tone, the story, the chemistry between the actors/characters, all was perfect.
3	ohman what an AMAZING day!!! thank you mahal!
3	@Skydiver42 thank you for the followfriday. very sweet of you
3	It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all!
3	had an amazingly unproductive day, but i loved it  time to go catch up on sleep!
3	Sending love &amp; respect to all the mommies out in the twitterverse! You all inspire me!!
3	My sleeping beauties  I love my grads!! http://twitpic.com/4we5w
3	@Eatthecakenyc i know this is MAD late (sorry about that lol) but thanks for the FF love.
3	It's Midnight - I'm outta here.  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY FELLOW MOMMIES!!!  (And to non-Mommies too).  May EVERYONE have a special day!!!
3	Good Night,  Happy Mother's Day !!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms! If you're an awesome mom, you'll help #savechuck
3	SEX AND THE CITY!  oh i miss this show soo much during the week.
3	happy mother's day to all the mommies!!!!!
3	Happy Mother's Day  #mothersday
3	@Appilicious if you can and know how, why not
3	@DaYziEbAbY THANK YOU MAMA!
3	happy mothers day mum
3	vacay in san luis and i'm pooped...in a good way
3	@myxletter good luck tomorrow
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	@purplefrogcat wow.. purple leopard skin.  fieeerrceee..
3	@SicilyYoder no not yet I ate a couple ;) I love Reeces but they are hard to get in NZ, I stock up bigtime in the States
3	12:06am and my &quot;him&quot; is officially the 1st one to say Happy Mother's Day to me   I love it!!!
3	watching because i said so! happy mothers day!
3	@pameladetlor aw honey... you just relaxin? That's probably for the best.
3	@NasKarGirl Thank you
3	@luvKai THANK YOU LOVE!
3	working on mothers day slideshow, cake, card, and balloons  she deserves the best!
3	@phinnia *hugs hugs hugs* I'm glad you're feeling better.
3	@jasonmitchener awesome! What a blessing
3	wishes all you moms a happy &amp; blessed Mother's Day!
3	The moon is sooooo pretty
3	Date movie with Nate. Most likely Wolverine.
3	Sunburned from Venice and watching Fred Claus....Such excitement!!
3	recorded some of a new song today! u wont hear it for a long time thooo... we might play it at shows tho! so comeeeeee
3	Justin is too funny on SNL... Ciara finna perform
3	Hey Oprah just watched the show with Hugh Jackman, I love him too, he is so sexy
3	@StealthBoomPow night honey..see ya tomorrow
3	@rajtilak thanks for the followfriday promo.
3	is fixin to clean the house for my mom for mother's day
3	Happy mothers dayyy all mothers especially mine
3	@NeSsIe_Cullen10 That's so nice to hear  i love you, you're my best friend and my sister *hug u*
3	I love my big brother very much.
3	yay i see @PrincessSuperC awwwww damn it's about to be on
3	well going to sleep peoples!! night all twitterers!! loves ya!  *Welcome Home*
3	@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it
3	@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it
3	@_Bella_Cullen13 @RosalieHCullen @Esme_Cullen26 @alicecullen01 @NeSsIe_Cullen10  These are my family girls  love u guys *smiles*
3	talking to my BABE  he's amazing
3	http://twitpic.com/4wf3a - the definition of true beauty
3	@_mamalaura night! So cute that K loves frogs  http://myloc.me/FI0
3	@fabfatties Thank you! One day at a time, right?
3	Happy Mother's Day :] I lovee you mami
3	oh yeah... happy Mothers day to every mom out there and to my friend's moms
3	@siriuslyheather I love chocolate. Must be PMS
3	Signing off to spend time with my hubby   Goodnight / day tweeple!   Have a very Happy Mother's Day!
3	@MeghanAlanna yes i love manchester orchestra,and sigur ross. all the other bands ive never heard of but ill give them a listen. thanks
3	@jtimberlake Lovin' your performance on snl tonight... so damn funny!!!
3	does it get much better than king of queens and some honeycomb knock-off cereal?
3	@nursewriter Glad to hear that b'day dinner was great! Wishing you a happy Mother's Day tomorrow.
3	It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all!  (via @The_Tech_Update) &lt;-- Ditto!
3	Enjoying my yummylicious shrimp burrito... MmMmm
3	@alcatrazsmith Thanks al...i had a freakin ball!! great company, awesome venues....what more could a girl want?  love ya!!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Goodnight to everyone else
3	any one watching justin timberlake on SNL? He is greattttt! So hilarious
3	@Veronicahun i will do that..
3	Gave my mommy her Mother's Day present. Tickets to Aerosmith (her favorite band everr.) Yay for a good reaction.
3	Finished dexter season2    start on season 3 next week?
3	Shot some footage of a fundraiser to purchase a mobile health clinic this morning then a little web work and a full afternoon of climbing
3	@JonathanRKnight Thank you Jonathan! I am the proud mommy to a 6 yr old girl, and a 14 yr old boy!
3	@BOLDNATIVE Hi Denis, when can we grab coffee?   would love to catch up with you.  Jordan
3	Happy Mothers day to all you MI.. mothers out there.   Thanks for doing what you do .. whatever that is
3	@JonathanRKnight Awww, thanks Jon!  I appreciate that
3	Wrapping packes for mom day   Happy Mom Day to all you hot mommas out there
3	@dcorsetto love love love pot psycology. My Friday night treat
3	doing Accounting homework  Just nicely got a 50p for the project &lt;3
3	@Jason_the_bear  I love  the names!
3	@db aww that's cute
3	I went to prom tonight.  My hair was cooler this time around...and I did it myself for free.
3	What an incredibly great day.  hahaha!
3	@NickyTvf have a good show
3	Had fried oreos downtown vegas, went to the park with her cousins. BEST DAY EVERRRR.  Happy mommy's day!
3	Sleepy time! Happy Mothers' Day to current and future moms around the globe!
3	Talking to my good friend Neika on myspace... I used to be friends with her, then hated her, and now am great friends with her again!!
3	@calimiles You live dat glamorous life.
3	@jtimberlake give-it-on-up-to-justinville  may i just say...your skits in snl were hilarious! lol
3	@cococutie4u  holla happy early mother's day
3	Reading the bible, praying, then bed
3	@smf_always3 okay well thank you you are so beautiful too
3	@MusikFareak i'm doing awesome! Rachel N had a bday party today  it was fun. Btw have you seen  Sam's prom pix? They're GORGEOUS!
3	@JonathanRKnight thank u sweetie! Can't wait to set sail with u next week
3	@omgstephwtf  Knighty Knight! Sweet NKOTB freams  Love Ya!
3	@Lethaldread Awww my lovies! Yes I love it all.  And I'm totally finishing my buffalo sammich after a few hits off the new bongie. &lt;3
3	Oh Justin Timberlake. I love when u host SNL!
3	happy Bday MOM
3	My 1st Mothers Day Tomorrow
3	@jtimberlake TY sweetheart
3	Good night everybody, i love u Phillip! XO
3	Got 38 followers now!
3	@emilove aaahhhh I'm so excited!
3	@mrskutcher Hi! Im Barb frm IA. New to tweetin. Enjoy reading ur tweets. U seem like a wonderful person..I KNOW ur a wonderful actress
3	@lyteforce Ur stat pack made the LB roll. It's like ur there!
3	She is all I can ever think about.  http://twitpic.com/4wg12
3	@AlSween awwww you got love foe me?  yup yup I got love for mr Sween all day everyday!
3	watching Scariest Places on Earth - I love this stuff
3	is also wishing these two lovely mothers @solangeknowles &amp; @fatbellybella a very special Mother's Day!!!  enjoy!
3	@offgrid Awwww   i've got some photos of cute bunnies
3	got to see 2 of my favorite guys back on long island  heading back to the city tomorrow or monday to be with the boyfriend! &lt;3
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Ladies... With all the moments we cherish with our children, today let those moments cherish you in return.
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE!!!!!!!
3	just woke up. Happy Mommy's Day to everyone's mom and grandma!
3	@SherriEShepherd   you deserve so much better... hang in there good things come to those who wait!
3	Thai food with Natalie. She loves this stuff. That makes me smile.
3	Oh and PS. Since it is already 12:30, I should probably say &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; to my Mom and all the mothers out there!
3	Chicken beer and good company makes a good night...
3	Happy Mother's Day 2 all the fabulous moms out there. The world wouldn't run without us. Keep up the good work! Enjoy ur day
3	@JessicaSimpson I've been a fan of yours for years and you have been such an inspiration to me. You're truly my idol  Best wishes to you
3	@MsEDU Tyler Perry is Hilarious! I think I will.  I'm off to bed though so I tweet ya in the morning. Goodnight!
3	@LittleGigiGirl Happy Birthday!!!!!
3	Mmmmmmm. I love Espresso......the app, that is. I guess the real thing helps me work efficiently too
3	Happy Mommy Day
3	wishing mom happy mother's day and ofcourse, happy birthday as well!
3	Off to bed after hours on the phone gossiping with Bia, lol. Nite nite, sleep tight!
3	@jesslina Awww, yeah, I love that one.  I remember seeing him at Great America w/ Tassi.  Such a great memory
3	@userealbutter door's open, your cup of tea is waiting
3	Wonderful weekend  I love my family  &amp; friends because they are awesome. Happy Mothers day to all the mommies &lt;3
3	Im liking escape the fate alot tonight.  excited for ESTK      NemoNemesis
3	happy mother's day!!!
3	can't stop playing Fallout 3!  This game is addictive like crack!!  It's bad when you dream that your repairing guns in your sleep
3	happy mothers day to all motherssss!  &lt;3333
3	Spending time with mom tomorrow morning...barbacoa, here I come...  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
3	@southernbell361 Yeah, Jimmy Fallon is back to do a skit. Yay!!!!
3	To My Moms . I Love u so much , Ur so independent &amp; strong and I hope everything I do in life keeps u happy. Love ur 1st born Mel
3	@pakyton i love them
3	I love Mindy, She is my favorite employee
3	happy mother's day to all moms out there...
3	@jusreenomas i didnt think the vid was hoeish i actually love it.it was so nasty  lol
3	@Quizman15 thanks joeman!
3	@mrskutcher Ashotn looks great, and you look fantastic as always! You two still have the newlywed glow, and that's forever.  TRUE LOVE
3	@beneubanks I like your HR shirts. They're inspiring me to think of witty/rude HR-like sayings I'd never actually wear.
3	@hxcfairy No wonder we're married.   Night love. &lt;3
3	goin to bed, but must say i love that #justin timberlake and #mark martin are the #3 and #4 trending topics on twitter tonite!  rock.
3	at homee..boring but its okiee gonna see the boyfriend and his momma tomorrow for momma dayy
3	@crystalmethod LOVE the album guys and can't wait for the official release  Just curious, what top 3 softsynths/DAW were used on it?
3	@PrincessSuperC you were greeeeeeaaaaatttttttt babe!! It was amazing!
3	@Alyssa_Milano hahaha i love how u threw in the pets thing.  sooo same to youuu  love ya much
3	happy mother's day to all the mama's out there, be greatful and appreciate your mama
3	Pink google and flowers for mothers!  http://www.google.com.ph/logos/mothersday09.gif
3	gorgeous wedding. hope i can experience that love one day. cheers to the beautiful couple! ummmm did the hawks win??????  no really..?
3	I love my Mom. Yo Amo a mi Mama. ? ? ? Thank you mommy... Ti amo con tutto il mio cuore.  Happy Mother's Day
3	Smores plus jacuzzi equals amazing
3	Okay, seriously. you're all going to have to forgive me while I gush like a little fangirl for a few tweets
3	@missSHANNAbaby aww such a cutie
3	@NoraFrost Thanks for the #followfriday mention. I really couldn't make up a better name for myself.
3	@giannicash i saw a piece of that movie...loved it
3	Home at last HAPPY MOTHERS TO ALL THE MOTHERS Special thanks to my father he bought me tulips so did my princess  adult swim time (anime)
3	@simonelrp: Potter, are also in that category! Hehe. &lt;3 I love you too!!! So much
3	Happy Mom`s day to your moms !
3	Rescued two adorable pit mix pups today.  LC and Brody.  Looking to adopt?  E-mail me for more info and pics!
3	Happy Mothers day to all the grown n happy &amp; the lil prego smuts lol Just Playing everyone is loved.. happy Mothers Day &amp; God Bless
3	Love ice cream... Love cake... Cookies and cream ice cream cake tops them both
3	juss dropped the wife off I love her so
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
3	@teiisha aw thas good im glad your happy  i jus been chillin
3	Happy mother`s day to your moms !
3	@RashadHouston @DreamWorthy I love your tweets... Your sweet
3	@JonathanRKnight Thank you Jon!  That's very sweet.
3	says: &quot;Happy Mothers Day!&quot;
3	http://twitpic.com/4wh0l - im in love wit this fool from college hill
3	@littlewhip Soooooooooo win the PowerBall jackpot then impose your formidable will upon the weather
3	@AndrewAesthetic  just wanted to say that I &lt;3 ur music(both the scene aesthetic n Danger Radio) Hopefully i will get to see u guys 1 day
3	Incase I forget, Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there, and to my mommy. The very best one in the world
3	@david_henrie i would still rather be in your shoes instead in bed bc i work from 10-9 tommorow. i love cold weather.
3	Btw; happy mothers day! This week its all about my momma; mothersday dinnner-birthday dinner-surprise bday party
3	@langfordperry by the way, just saw u on ellen yesterday. here it's late comparing to usa. u were awesome!!!
3	happy mother's day to the best mommy in the world
3	Loving my boys
3	Going to the alley tonite..Happy Birthday prima
3	@sapphire_05 I know booskie. HE is everywhere I am. &amp; U too. Thank u for the reassurance! I love u.
3	wo coffiees to go pleaz!!
3	@krissychau ditto.  love the friggin song!
3	Happy Mother's Day, Mama! You're always in my heart!
3	@iamjonathancook you are adorable
3	&quot;Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.&quot; I like that quote.
3	TIRED! goodnight twitter  its mother's day  happy mother's day  lov my moomy &lt;3 yayy! God Bless.
3	@Linds56 You may be PC but I love you anyway!!!  Maybe someday you too will become Mac!
3	And ... Happy Mother's Day to all Moms   You sure are the ? heart of mankind.
3	migraine and leg pain and woe ): should go to bed but it is 2 flights of stairs away. Happy mother's day
3	Trying to get drunk at alexandre's! I love this place!!! Awesome cheap drinks! And awesome people!
3	wayyyyyy full. love you mum
3	It seems my grandmother has found a way to break a pipe in her house, going to go there now and fix it, she is such a blur woman
3	@judez_xo i love you too  how are you? X
3	HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY!
3	im very much excited to go back to school
3	Happy mother's Day!!!! No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life
3	@JohnLloydTaylor aw.  I'm glad you do. Where would we be with out one?
3	Ahh im in love.  hes theeee best.
3	@marjicurran1 Looking forward to your gig in Ireland!!!  See ya there!
3	@hannahmitrovich I'm glad  you def needed a pick me up!  drama free!
3	@ByDezin: G'night twitterverse, much twitter luv to you all  ? http://blip.fm/~5yvnd
3	@sweetdreamer hah i'ma knock on wood but my PC has never crashed yet..nor my laptop  but then i'm careful with stuff so maybe that's y
3	@EMarketingGuru Thanks. Appreciate it.
3	(cont) when @justben told him that I love beans on toast. SO CUTE!
3	Home from Chelsea's  Jam sessions = &lt;3 = Chelsea + Abby = I luh you.
3	Great dinner and great friends! Follow @kristaeccleston! She is my cupcake
3	Happy Mother's Day mom
3	@SerendipityJane I'll check it out!  Thanks  and good luck with your book!    Bella
3	happy mother's day mothers.
3	@iamoph i just want you to know, im still here for you. whover,whatever makes you happy, thats all i want for my sister
3	Dinner was fun, sat next to this cute old couple  made me believe in love again.
3	@shananaomi yippee, darling girls. Love you sooooo much  and so thrilled you found each other!
3	@jaztwitta ily babe. Sweet dreams.
3	@shaundiviney Sweeny Todd is an awesome movie, the best
3	yess! talking 2 a hott guy!  happy ass fuk!
3	@RobPattinson_  I just want to tell you that you guys are amazing, thanks for Twilight. I can't wait until New Moon comes out. Melissa
3	@limegreenman That be it, my Nathan sense was tingling.
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!!
3	aww happy mother's day
3	tomorrow is mothers day. so good food &amp; presents for mom. good to be back &amp; go to the junction with the coolest people at ollies
3	@Andrew_FP Awh shoot. Make a detour and come to PR  forget Indiana haha
3	@erinnn_43 HAHHAHAH that really made me laugh out loudd! ahahahahahahahahah your fuunny!!
3	@miizronnie lol nice  I loved that concert! Aha u gonna post these pics
3	@dollg1974 thank you!
3	WOW Panic at the disco en Abbey Road
3	@ETHI_O_ASH I do too plus more happy mothers day Sweety
3	I'm sending a Happy Mama's Day shout to the greatest Twit-mama ever to @NikkiWoods... U kick ass, all day - everyday! Lovely sons!!
3	@LadyKadi Happy Mother's Day, Kadi!!
3	@olsonbd80 loved it! Thanks for taking care of me
3	sitting here with Nathan, Eddie &amp; Brenden chilling out at 1 AM, haha great day, I love my life!
3	@bradiewebbstack well then happy mothers day  ahahahahahaha
3	@davjr  i love you mooorrreeee
3	@peninasharon ty 4 the retweet!
3	yeah.... and im gonna take ur picture off my ipod baby..
3	Happy Mother's Day Mama bear
3	@rooeh I recommended .net, I guess since they bought something from you they featured you. Hopefully it brings in more business
3	I think its cute my mom still waits up for me when I go out eventhoough I've spent 2 yrs out of the house. &lt;3 my mama
3	Waiting for the Black Eyed Peas to go up!!!! We got backstage passes thanks @sammysamla thanks again hun!
3	kill bill pt 2 .....I love em both wish they wold make like three more
3	tonight was hilariouss  i loveeee everyone that was theree
3	@propa_gandhi awww, thanks, Brad. hahaha that actually made me laugh out loud    LBD.
3	will be doing all the chores just for her mama
3	@WeTheTRAVIS goodnight lovely
3	wow, so x-men was pretty much amazing. i love wolverine.
3	Gave my dog a bath &amp; and then jumped in the mud - gotta love it!
3	http://twitpic.com/4wi9p - playing with ethan. i love you baby
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing women who put up with us crazy, demanding children. Thank you.  Very very much.
3	@claudiaintouch Yeah! I want it too. I love that &quot;Falling Slowly&quot; song. It keeps playing in my head.
3	happy mother's day!
3	@rickyhorror but I don't want to hurt you
3	@shoshanabean im following because of @conorclancy  yaaaaaay conor!
3	I love my memories. It's almost like re-reading my favourite book all over again
3	@positron76 cant fuckin wait mate!!! it is goin to fantastic. its made my week
3	be sure to tell your Mom you love her and thank her for putting up with you!
3	@thewildjoker I selected 4 people today out of my list. Out of 300 or so I picked the 4 that made me laugh!
3	Just downloaded music for over an hour.  Love when that happens
3	@ahecht25 Thanks Amy!  That video is so awesome!  Did you see TMH?  He's amazing in that too!! Bouncy Bouncy Bouncy!!!
3	was busy talking with mom and bhabhi.. they liked the cards bro and me made for them  now waiting for sis to get back from Church..
3	Happy mothers day!
3	X-men movie was pretty good. Kinda predictable @ points but good action sequences
3	Just have to say again how much I like the new twitteriffic
3	I Love All Time Low
3	I truly praise God for my mom-the greatest mother in the world  Happy mother's day to all of the mothers reading this. Enjoy your day!
3	HaPPy Mothers Day!!!
3	Ugh what an amazing night. Time for bed! I know i'm gonna sleep well. And with no getting up early!  good night!
3	@tamamic - Definitely following @TorontoStarMaps - I've been &quot;following&quot; the creator of this feature since 2005!
3	@MrPresident92 I was just about to put in &quot;@&quot; and then my username.. Wow.
3	Writing Mother's Day cards for my mom and gran...  hurray!
3	@David_Henrie you are amazingg. replyy! it's a dream come true if you would reply to me
3	@tabbycat224 yay!
3	Happy mothers day mom!!!  i love you.
3	praying the rosary with my family!
3	how r u feeling? and when r u guys coming back to canad?... come to vancouver!
3	I'm Having a Baby Girl! (In the next 17 Days!) I think I'm gonna keep this handy  http://budurl.com/f9p5 Funny Stuff!
3	I love all my friends  @christickell @micahdwhitehead @johndavidwright @vivianleighturn and drew were fun tonight
3	Still love &quot;The Sizzler&quot; though...and Chuck NIce. And Doug Benson. And Paul Scheer. And Nick Kroll.  Love me some geeks
3	@kathyIreland Hugs 4 kathy. Though my mom's in heaven, I know she's smiling at my accomplishments &amp; all the people who keep me positive.
3	@glammyts happy mum's day to ur mom  say you're from the philippines too?
3	First Happy Mothers Day  Second what is it that makes us think the way we do? Why do we feel the way we feel? I dont know but i wish i did
3	@DeLaSelis no... But I met a new graphic design friend, so that was dooope!!!
3	I have the immense pleasure of being entertained by Pride &amp; Prejudice for the 3rd time and I must say that I find it very much agreeable
3	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - so cute ii love this
3	Happy Mothers Day all!  Hugs and love, Zoe
3	@heynadine - not early at all, just say you are running on eastern time  hope you had fun at your auditions! canada ftw!
3	@ShelbyStroman yes!! it is, like, super-glued inside my head.
3	Ruff, Ruff, says my sweet little mini chu-weeny dog. Her name is Ziggy and she is just too darn cute for her own good. She says hey guys.
3	Cathylo-fran! I'm glad i can vent out to you about this. Thanks for being here for me bestfriend
3	I have been married 1 year to the most wonderful man
3	@Michaelcopon: Awesome. Tell me if its good. I might watch it
3	yay mothers day  i love mi madre
3	@colorarmy: I'll keep y'all in my prayers but welcome back to TX  Hope you have a good,safe flight
3	@LarieBeck Good to hear! I got a bit of a tan today too, which is unheard of for me- I am SO pasty white all the time.  Mostly I freckle.
3	We picked up Boston Legal season 5, enjoying it now.  No matter how offensive Denny can be, I love Denny Crane!  He is a riot.
3	Loved Wanda Sykes' performance at the White House Correspondent's Association Dinner
3	@RiChArD_Morgan_  which 1? There r2 that I love and want to share  i just wish I'd made them-
3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
3	happy mothers day to all the mommies!
3	@ztnewetnorb i agree with @masterballerina spongebob is better
3	watching &quot;Say Anything&quot; - great '80s movies and the starting point of my love for John Cusack!
3	@JonathanRKnight Aw..see that, right there is why we all ? you Jon!  Give your mamma a hug tomorrow! Much love ~ Jamie
3	I have a license and a car..at least for now.
3	@Miss_Melbourne Sounds good! Say hi if you run into me there! I'm always always having coffee there
3	@ishmael5 http://bit.ly/Msize  There you go dear  I love her Janelle
3	@LilEmoBoi  its like that with the goo goo dolls for me. Then I heard &quot;iris&quot; and absolutely loved it
3	http://twitpic.com/4wjai - Joe's the photographer of the family. Rehearsing is always fun. For the first couple of days it is at least.
3	@penny268 Lol. Thanks, Penny. I'm trying to believe you.
3	@torridcrafter One of my good friends in the states has it covered now, but thank you again!
3	I also have a certain CD from camp that a certain somebody gave me...  Yeah, there's this guy in the video that's really frickin hot!
3	Happy mothers day!
3	happy mother's day
3	@ all mothers, Happy Mother's Day, at all non-mothers, Happy Sunday, the 10th of May.
3	Wow.. TAGers ROCK!!!  Awesome performance
3	Dinner party was great!  Happy, full clients that is what I like to end my day with
3	@vmahmud I am at my office now, dude. yeah, get one!!! come on, let's go live! geez, all u need is time to practice. U'll get used to it
3	Oh, tonight is a good night
3	i basically want the world to kno that i have the BEST best friend    love her &lt;3
3	Happy Mother's Day! I love my mommy
3	I love how small adelaide is. Just ran into callum, of all people, at the airport. Amazing to see him though
3	@N_Y_Yankees changed my default pic since you've been showing so much love!
3	@deaninwaukesha Oh yes...quite.  And with that, I really do have to retire.  G'night doll!!  Nice chattin' with ya!
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@Morgan_Company Hey Kathy, happy Mother's Day!
3	happy mother's day to all the mothers in the world.
3	Happy Mother's day to all the wonderful mommies out there  I LOVE YOU MOM!!
3	watching some scary movies with my friend
3	Aww, I love my daddy! He works 7 days a week almost all day and still tries to go to SF with all of us
3	Happy Mother's Day to everyone's mothers, mothers-to-be, grandmothers, great grandmothers...All the WOMEN! I salute you all
3	@limegreenman And I thank you.
3	HAPPY MOTH3R'S DAY 2 3V3RY IN TH3 WORLD!!! ILY
3	@swoopthekid I'm good, thanks.  Hope you're enjoying the weekend!
3	#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there
3	@stompthewalrus yay! now ill shall take your picture, and get a tattoo on my arm
3	@FrostyJan Enjoy the ride
3	like wat do i do wat do i do.........HA i got it i'll go 2 mushygushy...... so peace out twitter dudes i got a gushy gram 2 make
3	A very special HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all Mommies!
3	oficially mother's day! Hug &amp; kissa Ur mom today more than U do everyday  cooking 4 her is a good idea, i'm making enchiladas suizas =]
3	Woo CAVS.  Happy Mother's Day!
3	@evgibson I have to admit at being a Colin Firth groupie at this point.
3	Bout to go to bed... Happy Mother's Day ladies .... especially all th 1s who takin care of thier kids alone..n I Love U Momma
3	@genehiga Your studio! @annhamilton and Bogie became one of your best friends after you guys started it.
3	@BarbaraHauck Hey Barb, I love the line in your bio..Without health, nothing matters...So dead on!
3	I love my daddy. Dad's are so under appreciated by their daughters these days ... Not mine.
3	@cubandoll you're welcome
3	@Rayyychell  Jane Austen's books!,    Pride and Prejudice &amp; Emma are great!!, Also  Northanger Abbey!
3	Smiley absolves all
3	@SamBennington Hey Sam, happy mothers day
3	@zendoc pretty soon gonna have to unfollow myself from @tweet_words to cut the quickly growing &quot;habit&quot; ... but I do love the challenge!
3	@khloekardashian Cause its true!!! It would!!! Hahaha... I Love YOU
3	@charlestrippy LOLL im a college girl...bahahah i love these blogs they're so funny!
3	@ATsLady @Josette_78 @DallasJud Thanks for the love yallmy tweeps   &lt;&lt;&lt; fa sho!
3	Enjoying my weekend with my sis  xx
3	Why did i drive and how did i make it? Ahh margaritas are the BEST!!
3	&quot;He was interesting..and brilliant..and mysterious..and perfect..and beautiful..and possibly able to lift full-sized vans with one hand&quot;
3	TIGERS! WOO! YOU'RE MY BABY! omfg. cleveland was a blast. sleeping.
3	classic SNL digital short tonight! Be my mother lover  ha ha... too good!
3	@datingdad HA.. I look at Twitter games as harmless fun. Despite being author of Twitter book, I try to talk about other stuff
3	@laracasey: LOVE you walking us through this event. So fun. Blue water. Surplus of donuts... what a great night!
3	Bed. Church in the morning. Happy mothers day
3	Guess it was too much to hope for me to have a nice relaxing Mothers Day!... Happy Mothers Day mommies
3	we broke 2,000 followers!! yay  We love you all &lt;3
3	I think you are super cute...
3	@herrowitsjess Yeah, but George says something with his words. Otherwise its just..... jiberish junk... love, joy,happy ahh see how nice
3	I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I sew the tweet until now.
3	Happy Mother's Day Moms  Take a load of for at least a day!
3	loves summer! and don't forget people, tomorrow is mother's day!
3	With rooobbbbbiiieeeee
3	@angrya ps love the new profile pic!
3	@political_queen like it
3	@lanaclevermomme @thepalmgifts i love that show. I would totally go on Time Bandit #deadliestcatch TPG:&quot;Love ocean, crab legs suspense&quot;
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	thank God we finally found her!
3	Now have windows 7 up and running....very very happy  it's got sum wicked new features http://bit.ly/jyWnz
3	Happy mothers day mumm  xoxo
3	Happy Mother's Day! Justin Timberlake's version a mother's day gift.. http://bit.ly/6fGxd  -- too funny!!!
3	wishes Happy Mother's Day!
3	@gio511 We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
3	@judielise @PopandIce Wish you both a very Happy and Fabulous Mother's Day!
3	i feel really blessed to have super awesome best friends
3	just got to kansas city and excited for a fun weekend with my family, my sis, parker and josh
3	At envy! Loving it  best club ever.
3	@JonathanRKnight thanks JK!!!  Love ya to death
3	Night Night Everyone.    HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all mothers
3	Stunning weather today/this afternoon/now - couldn't ask for better!
3	@DavidArchie although, there is drama, move forward, smile, and count your blessings everyday. Your actions speak volumes, sooo inspiring
3	@BeckyLopez Happy Mother's Day!
3	night twitter lovelies. happy yo momma day. i luff you mummy
3	@dorothearose you are the sweetest.  love you cuz!
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	@oeyz Howdy do!  I'm just living my life and loving it.  How's you?
3	happy mother's day mummy  i love you. xo
3	today something amazing happened...I fell in love with coupons!
3	Wishing all Mothers Happy Mother's Day
3	I LOVE CHICAGO.   Tonight was AMAZING!!
3	i love all da sexy ladiez ya beautiful unique and sexy, and smart. dont let a nigga call u a bitch cuz ladies ya worth then dat i mean it
3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!  I am not one myself, but I have been called something along those lines
3	@_callmeCourt always welcome hun
3	@nomaez hey man, thanks for twitting for twitter tshirt , appreciated
3	@ashleythegreat I love you too baby  see i'm cool now!!!
3	@vickycornell HAPPY MOTHERS DAY VICKY!!!! AND TO ALL THE OTHER MOTHERS WHO READ THIS!!!
3	@istribawel haha iya  starting to tweet again krn mitzy baru ber-tweeter jg Nit.
3	It feels like its nine and not one. Guess what? I love making money
3	@terrytokyo i wish we could have seen you girls today. well besides from across the crowd haah. hope you had fun
3	loves her mum very much! Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there
3	I'm cooking meatballs for lunch  yaaayyy ...
3	@plasticpiranha He was my reason for even going too haha.  Shaun of the Dead was too epic haha
3	On page 214 of 320 of Betrayed by P.C. Cast. really starting to enjoy this series
3	HAppy Mother's Day to my Mom...that lady is the coolest  I love u ma!
3	@Bparker_Seattle I totally 4 got about Golden Girls that is a gr8 Show
3	Tabu. How ive missed you
3	@justinbrighten happy birthday justin! have a lof of fun!!! God bless
3	Heading home  i love my boys
3	@HEYdustin yesss sweet. see. tough love. for real, we love you
3	Going to woodland hills  gna swim and drink. Makin the best of a good day. Yee
3	@kara_sutra what is your next youtube video gonna be about? I love your videos!
3	Gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts. I'm gonna win them over with my love!!
3	@jiayu95 Adam Lambert rocks!  He must win American Idol!
3	To all mothers out there in Twitterland: Happy Mother's Day. I hope your day is a great one.  ~Tara Mae
3	@wordybirdee You're welcome --(that bashful kick's pretty cute too)
3	what a lazy sunday... I love lazy days...
3	@brypie thanks x x it went really well. I'm tired now though  hope you spoiled your mum-in-law
3	@mismile you're so cute.
3	At KhSA new years festival. Love the traditional dances and outfits
3	@AREYNOSO1 @MALICAMUSIC @MOMTOAM HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! LOVE YOU GUYS...
3	Oh, and before that last tweet i spent about half an hour on brushing my teeth with my new electric toothbrush! I feel great
3	@Jessica___xx lol. shall be fun
3	Love love love. One a day does a woman's body good  http://twitpic.com/4wkpe
3	Enjoying my weekend with my kids!
3	@PrincessArchie Remember to put your phone on silent! lol  Night loveees
3	I'm loving Please Don't Leave Me by Pink!
3	In other news: i like this band, &quot;Lydia&quot;, and its easy-going melancholy-yet-cheery songs. It's good listening
3	Psalm 82:6 I have said, You are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. Happy Mothers Day Momma
3	happy mother's day
3	@aaalisson YES. He's fascinating. I love his bedroom.. oh my God. The books.
3	Bwahah I love the jackass movies!  I have chocolateeee!
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@casparterhorst thanks for the recommendation!  I was not following, am now
3	@MsDamn Happy mothers day to you beautiful!
3	@officialTila You're welcome Tila!! I love you!! Wish I could have heard it
3	@Brutus626 there is the fact that you are the coolest guy you know.
3	@nickyy123 im sure she'll love em  how was work? x
3	I have fantastic friends
3	Had a great day: beach, BBQ with old friends (it's crazy that I'm old enough to have 'old' friends!), &amp; learned how to play texas holdem
3	Watchin' The Soup! This show is the BEST!
3	Hanging with Megan Brooks. Best girl in the world
3	@JFabb Ahaha!! I have all of your albums.  Each stuff of your music is so beautiful! That's why I am so in love with them.
3	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - this is a very pretty picture
3	I love my life  Ni night twitter!&lt;3
3	@ShawnRobinson thanks for the follow, your family photo is beautiful  happy mother's day to your wife!
3	@l3ree im glad you got on twitter. I love you baby
3	@dinno thanks dinno  appreciate it
3	@fiascowines oh oh oh are you offering to send ducks!  I love love love confit duck
3	@AmbitiousMurphy - i sure hope so  it was worth it for me too  loveu.
3	the boys didn't finish their tacos so now I'm eating them happily
3	@acrocks congrats! Photo of dre?
3	@KManCOBHC You, the other crew and COB tried your hardest to put on great shows and fans all appreciate it. Tell Alexi get well soon  MH.
3	Just saw Star Trek...one word: BombTastic!!! Go see it if you haven't already. P.S. I love Jon Cho!!! Haha
3	Happy Moms day y'all!
3	@lakersnation a celtics-lakers rematch sounds better don't you think? lol
3	http://twitpic.com/4wl05 - I love this picture, hate this kid. But hey, he's looking at me...lol
3	@beach_girl3 awww its your b day?!?!?! Ahhh have a party!!! lol and invite me
3	At the coast. Too many people here i know.  i love you Nicci!
3	@souljaboytellem say Hi Nikki pleaseeeeee...lol.   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
3	thought Yes Man was good  had a blast with old friends tonight and heard some great music
3	@Jorge924 well i'm expecting you for dinner lol.  Jelly Beans for dessert?   have a good night  $teph&lt;3
3	Happy Mother's Day! --  http://bit.ly/LRSnG  Mother Lover - J-Tim &amp; Andy Samberg video, hilarious
3	On my way home...today was UBER funn..seriously a great day..i love my family
3	Beautiful Day..takn it down twitters  tell ALL mothers Happy Mothers Day
3	@TheBeast32 oh okay cool, i love the fast and the furious can't wait to see the new one
3	happy mothers' day to all your moms!
3	butterfly fly away- miley ray  , oh &amp; happy mothers day &lt;3 love u mami.
3	I find this tune to be very sexy. Smooth... have a lovely day  ? http://blip.fm/~5yzb6
3	Goodnight peoples!
3	is a sleepyhead. looking forward to tomorrow. i love his family.
3	Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love You!
3	@peteypinata as a nj native, i thank u
3	@peebilicious and @emnguyens: Aww, thank you!  I love you girls&lt;333333
3	says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/suqsg
3	@DawnRichard beautiful inside and out kids like you and que.. ILY guyz  wish i could have met you while you are here in houston...
3	happy mother's day to all the moms out there. i hope i never join that crowd
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	Happy Mother's Day.
3	@Meylanie what about the dilfs? Oh wait, wrong month....HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
3	Had a fantastic day at the beach. Thanks friends  xoxo.
3	Happy mother's day to all the moms
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys out there
3	@FeFa1 hola chica! hopefully ur on your third dream by now. ur cake looks wonderful, ur mami will &lt;3 it
3	Good morning &amp; a very happy mothers day to all those lovely moms across the pond
3	I love my Maitu. N she loves me. Happy mothers day mama!
3	@rochelline http://twitpic.com/4wl5b - she is just adorable
3	Good days with good friends make me not regret living
3	happy mother's day to all thee mamas out there!
3	@jenstier Ooooh, that's very pretty Jen! I'm sure she'll love it!
3	Mom, where ever you are; Happy Mothers day
3	11:11 pm Perrrfect universal alignment.    &lt;33
3	@phaoloo Thank you so much phaoloo !!!!
3	life's good
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL YOU MOMS!!!!!
3	@tiffany_celeste  finally some sleep in silence
3	@fiercemichi, love your background, I just might have to copy it
3	i'm just sooo in love....i think
3	happy mum's day! i kinduhh have a major crush on alex johnson from the cab
3	@PhillyD I love your show! I've subscribed and following your tweets. Can't wait to see more
3	@YoScottie Btw, I smile everytime I see ur smiling face on ur profile here. &quot;Grins&quot;  Damn ur cute.
3	Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day.  xoxo
3	@ddlovato My mum loved the Camp Rock mothers day card I gave her. I knew she would. Happy Mothers Day from New Zealand! Haha ILY lots  xx
3	@Smoo409 oh my gosh, loved it!
3	@jovenatheart Great!
3	Happy Mothers Day  Breakfast With The Fam &lt;33
3	Whatever you're thankful for in life, make sure you are most thankful to your mother. Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers.
3	i love my babe so much, he really means a lot to me
3	just woke up from a 16-hour sleep. happy mother's day!
3	ugh my head, when will all the headaches stop. anyways, i love my life right now, i couldn't ask for anything more. i love being happy
3	home! i dont know what im doing tmrw besides the whole mommys day thing. but then what? feeling awesome  NIGHT YOU GUYS
3	@MistahFAB Peace Bro, thanks for not just the music, but proudly representing as a father all over - Happy Mother's Day
3	@moonfrye HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! You're my fave celeb to follow
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@NikkiBenz The Hulk, great movie  You might recognize Toronto's Younge Street in some of the fight scenes.
3	is starting to love twitter!!! Facebook-detox diet is working great
3	Wishing all the mommies a happy mother's day
3	@JoesGaGirl You'd have him sweating and shaking, baby.
3	my 6th wedding anniversary today... so lucky to have such a gorgeous wife
3	@TsunamiWavin Lol  i know
3	says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/sutar
3	@cara_rosaen i LOVE your new bracelets!! im a very proud sista...you rock, girly
3	To all the gorgeous moms out there, Happy Mom's Daaay!
3	@mOi_UAE wth! .. 9_9 hello you
3	@urbanlifepoetry haha. thanks for listening to me rant on and on about nothing!  have a good NIGHT?
3	@kootoyoo Thank you Kirst - your posts on running inspired me
3	@ztnewetnorb haha me either but like ive always loved hilary  shes the girl id turn gay for  haha
3	@KielysWorld you are such a great person.
3	happy  made 23 necklaces in 24 hours lol Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's out there
3	@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have an awesome day...and a good rest of the night
3	Happy Mothers Day!!
3	@09Casper oooooo. i like that too! anywhere near mommy is good for me.
3	At the Spoke Club - fell in love with Tom Arnold all over again (not Rosie's ex definitely different)... Lucky moi
3	Thanks @TheCampain for shoutin out my mom today  She also says thanks!
3	happy mamas day to all the baby mamas... and the baby mamas mamas
3	Just finished Church. Happy Mother's Day!
3	loves the new Mother's Day snl digital short, mother lover, oohhhh cornyness
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@thiscouldbefun Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have an awesome time with the Bug
3	WiSHiNG ALL THE MOTHERS A HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
3	@reenna96 My long lost friend!
3	@BumbleBeeBree He says thank you
3	I love Google's Mothers day theme  http://tr.im/jtl8
3	: Happy Mother's Day
3	@cager83 wow I love it !!! thanks
3	@IAmCattSadler Catt i TOTALLY love your default picture! You seem like such a fun mom!
3	Okay Im going to bed..Toodles twitts i've had my fun for the day
3	Happy Mothers day  with my boy of the doom! (my dog xD)
3	@tallivansunder Too easy! Happy Mother's Day, to a great mom!
3	http://twitpic.com/4wmaw - pink.green.. Love it.!
3	Is...Sayin Happy Mother's Day 2 Everyone!!!!!
3	Happy Mama's day to all mothers
3	@jtug all the photos  niceeeee
3	happy almost mother's day
3	MY best 'thing' on the planet
3	is going to bed soon. happy mothers day to all the mothers  &lt;333 ryan less than 3 weeks :]
3	@alyssacalderon  I love you too! I'm kinds reading. But you can call if you'd like
3	Watching scary movies with Ruby and Michael
3	@ShelbyCohen mothers day gift
3	@missxlellabelle mon ami since 5 years young  I loveeee her. Foreverrr
3	@swamwine Yeah! Thanks! I'll be back in soon to see what ya got!
3	great night hangin out with my family... mom and dad loved the extra company tonight!  can't wait for FRC Pcola Tomorrow
3	Tinkling the ivory keys on a grand piano tomorrow. The small things in life that keep me excited!
3	The battle at Minas Tirith is still very impressive. Return of the Jedi is the best Lord of the Rings movie IMO.
3	watching HGTV at 236am lol wtf must love me some home decor
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
3	@Makaio8688 Will you uh, marry me?  haha just kidding. Kind of. You're hot though. Just so you know.
3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mom's around  Hope you have a wonderful day!
3	Just want to wish everyond a Happy Mother's Day. Hope it's a great one!
3	Happy mothers day to all the mommies
3	@RaineRomano yay for bj and lorraine amd their baby! hahaha
3	@jamie_oliver Please pass on our &quot;happy mothers day&quot; to Julz. Have fun with your girls
3	loving that spring definitely seems to be here now
3	is liking this feeling
3	@fiascowines good luck with the deer next weekend!! Hope it isn't too cold or snowy
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	goodnight to all.
3	@jamie_oliver And the other half of the twitterers are enjoying what the wonderful Sunday afternoon has to offer
3	i wanna be in michi with my moma!! Love you Mom
3	happy mothers day.
3	@sharonhayes GIRLFRIEND!
3	Only has under 200 words left to write on her assignment
3	happy mother's day! I love you mama
3	With my baby drinking. God I love her
3	Good morning, sunshine! I`mm gonna start my day wth some movies.
3	Paper writing til my heart's content
3	http://twitpic.com/4wmoa - yeyy..
3	Tonight was fun. Love my girl Tanna!
3	yo yo yo! i like ice cream
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  ASAP EVERYDAY!!!
3	thank you for teaching me values and to be a better person each day  I LOVE SO MUCH, YOU'RE THE BEST MUM IN THE WORLD
3	You make me happy, whether you know it or not  &lt;3
3	@solangeknowles happy mother's day! you are beautiful.
3	is going to go have some cuddle time with her C baby and woofies...I love our nightlife
3	Making yet another attempt to attend church on a Sunday morning!  Looking forward to it y'all.
3	@directorSandy I fucking love the fucking internet.
3	@TRACTAHPULL   I love you
3	happy mothers day to my mom &amp; all the other mommies / moms to be! have a qood one ladies
3	@solangeknowles awwww yur a awesome mother keep up the good work
3	i think taylor laughtner and selena gomez are the cutest couple! i love them both! just read it on M! my fave mag
3	rblpn  @kaaeyl , You know, I could listen to every version of War Pigs ever recorded  ? http://blip.fm/~5z10d
3	hapee mother's day t all the mothers out there!
3	happy mothers day mam   little bit of a hangover now:$ need to do everything for mam now, but I love her, so for one day I'll do it.
3	Some of us are both. We may have strong loyalties in one direction, but I have love for TNG as well
3	@adnamay Yeah  The entire time I was all *swoon* b/c of his eyes..... *swoons thinking about it*
3	@just_another_1 I love that we just get a little peek of your dimple
3	Just finished yet another amazing book by Susan Elizabeth Philips!!!  God I love her books so much!!! Which one to read next??? hmmm...
3	@bioncaaa oo never played it  thats so good that u like 2 play games most females dont like too
3	time to go to bed... and hopefully wake up to a better day  niiiiiiiights yall
3	@debaoki Thanks for getting me bottled water.
3	Love the 3 mile 3AM runs. They make me smile
3	read twilight and new moon keen to read eclipse and breaking dawn hmm twilight was better then new moon but there still awesome
3	feelin nice after this bottle of bacardi
3	I'm off 2 dream awhile. Thanks 4 everything tweeple. Many blessings &amp; much joy. peace, love &amp; happiness 2 u all. Hope ur dreams come tru
3	Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	4 hours till Mothers Day Party  Yeah!
3	@green_i_girl  is okay! Hearts getting lovin! Sorry for sneezes.
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	loves it when mom and dad come to visit! nothin better
3	@JayLink_ luv it  so true
3	had a wonderful evening with those I love!
3	i love it when justin timberlake hosts snl; hilarious
3	Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there!!  i love my mom! GOODNIGHT everyonee!! ?
3	Loves him but most importantly loves my mom! Happy Mothers Day!
3	@DawnRichard have an amazing time with your mommas tomorrow! Show them how much they mean to you  Whatever you do they will love it
3	@andyclemmensen would that just eat away at your masculinity? What masculinity did you have? :p haha u'd probs beat me tho  haha xo
3	i'm also on plurk  try it
3	I am a big fan of Danny Dyer I have to say this movie looks awesome  http://snurl.com/hpwnz
3	@Shontelle_Layne you're welcome sweety!  muah! xoxox luv ya!
3	great night
3	Happy Mother's Day everyone
3	@UndeniableQueen ooooo i love pretty feet
3	Happy mothers day everybody
3	@kmergs It is, Pinkwind is a thing from Vanessa's dad. And My sister made me that SN in the 4th grade
3	happy mothers day, too all mums out there  remember treat your mum well, she brought you into this life =]
3	@mrskutcher Happy mothers day
3	@melissamark_ hehe go dye it beb! put more blonde innn  mine is lighter than it was, left it in  a bit too long oops&gt;&lt;
3	Welcoming new #followers: @chillisoft, @Hansieboy, @keylman  @luongdat, @pleasehelpmenow &amp; @FLWbooks. Thanks for the love. Tweet on!
3	@polyzzz Goodnight and sweet dreams to you also
3	Moms everywhere stop what you are doing and get a good night sleep for tomorrow its your childrens turn to pamper you.  enjoy your day
3	@REALConformist I loveeee cashis  ms. Jenkins is my shitttt!!!
3	shoutout to all the beautiful moms out there that these niggas dont appreciate! some one cares Happy Mothers Day!
3	going to church  god bless you all.
3	i'm going to try to get some sleeeeeeep. goonight twitter  have a nice mother's day.
3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers
3	Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies!
3	Still totally excited that my oldest friend @Spencesaur has twitter. I luff my Spencer! Even though he has rabies
3	Happy Mothers' day!
3	@officialTila Your so down to earth..and REAL! I love that about you  woo! Tila Army!
3	@iNanz bet sexy; i added u on myspace!
3	@AaronLHB you got her a watch? Thts sooooo sweet
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
3	@tldavidson Totally!!! Rock onnnn!
3	I'm emailing my best friend Deanna with my yahoo account. Emailing is FUN.  &lt;3
3	@liltwist twist cld u follow me  ill love u forever
3	@tweerrerbot  Well I was following you because I think your interesting ... and I was right
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@suppz yeah, but Mr. Mom's I would say, appreciate their wives much more than the avg dad   I have a new found respect for mothers now
3	@Immunerock Good luck on Monday!  Keep on rockin'
3	back from melly's party... i had fun...  i'm sleepy now...
3	watching Bones with Naty. Have made her a fan! Mission convert Naty: Success...now onto Mission convert Meagan
3	@khasabadmemory thanks for teaching me how to play a part of that song
3	@SweetAmes - SO.... yeah. I VERY much appreciate that.
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	The kids were awesome today! They loved the face painting!
3	@doc18 awesome! cheers man! don't know if i'll have much money left after todays shopping spree though!
3	@cacsb911 thank you cici  right back at ya!
3	@angiemartinez happy mothers day ang
3	I forgot, Happy Mom's day.
3	@Tacquira anytime love..you looked beautiful! Next time your in nyc, hopefully we can link up! Enjoy your evening
3	@camerontdf Happy Birthday  Hope you enjoyed us singing to you Wednesday &lt;3
3	Daniel has won DSDS. His voice is great.
3	love the sweet g'nights every night
3	Happy mothers day to all of you amazing moms!! Hope you have a wonderful day with your loved ones. You deserve it!!  You do a great job!
3	@peter_rabbit_ I have been begining to think you are showing signs of becoming a sped haha  Love ya!
3	I am at my grandparents place
3	Oh Mother - Christina Aguilera. Happy Mothers' Day to all the mamas!  ilovemymommy! &lt;3
3	@mexecution your right, it is a great plant  i love it
3	I am so grateful I am your daughter!  Happy Mother's Day, Okasan.  Thank you for everything... always!
3	Had a BLAST this weekend with my sweet girls in Vancouver, watching my awesome Celtic lads... AND I got to see Alissa! Now I'm home
3	@crazyness  o sweet i saw him last year with kenny &amp; sugarland will be with kenny this year.. i have seen them b4... love them.. gknight
3	@JasonBradbury Have a great Sunday wit the kids and Mickey
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies
3	@EdoCH thanks!! Yes!! A lot!
3	@WollemiPine Or nudge the partner! Good birthday/ christmas/ I just want to buy you something gift!
3	@Shannannagin haha. Thanks Shannon.  3 out of 5 boats got first.
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
3	@mileycyrus tell everybody i said happy mothers day!  love ya! #1 fan love you miley you rock
3	shes so cute when shes sleepy
3	I'm addicted to the Jonas Brothers' new single 'Paranoid'! It's awesome!! If you haven't heard it already, go check it out!!
3	@MariahCarey Happy Mom's Day!  Here in Spain it was last Sunday!! Any hint of when the first single will be out on radio? LYM!!  Mini
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	Mothers day today!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Just finished having lunch with my  relatives. I wuv you mommy and granny.  HAHAHA.
3	@suckaMC alright cool. See you tomorrow  thank you!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Special shout to my momma...Luv ya! And Pat....even though you're a Jehovah's Witness
3	happy 1 year! &lt;3
3	wants to greet all the moms a Happy Mother's Day!!
3	happy mother's to all the moms out there..
3	@Zac_Efron 17 Again was amazing! I have seen it three times! It's just hilarious, and you are fantastic!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers.    Have a beautifully blessed day!
3	happy mommy day!!
3	@melvin_16  Hope u had a lovely lunch Mel   Your Dad's place sounds nice , I love polished floorboards  .
3	happy momies day!
3	@JENakaGorgeousB happy mother's day to your mom
3	@halian: Happy Mother's day to my Mother. Thank you for being such an awesome mother
3	Had a nice chat with an old frnd... its been a while since v talked  was fun...
3	made this for you when i got home from wango tango http://bit.ly/1UjzQ    what a wonderful day.
3	@therealsavannah I know you would be successful. And you're just starting. You would do great in the coming years. Good luck to you
3	Cant believe how lucky i am to have such an amazing boyfriend
3	And on that note im going to bed happy mother's day to my mommy +&amp; all the other mom's out there love u lady
3	The best thing I have ever done is carry and birth a child
3	@carinafox5 Wishing you a very Happy Mother's Day, Carina!!  Hugs...Joy
3	@Sammysamsam5 That movie made me cryHARDCORE!!!!!  I loved it...
3	@spahkleprincess it's my fave!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!  You are all amazing, and we would be nowhere without you!  Thanks for being our moms
3	a slightly less disturbed night, after a while, which is a Good Thing. Looking forward to some quality time with my toadtastic boy
3	@princesssuperc you were amazing on snl!! loved it!
3	Pretty amazing weekend so far  but its bedtime ,, I'm exhausted ! Mothers day tomorrow  nighty night
3	I loved Star Trek. It was so awesome. And the effects were brilliant! &quot;Live long and prosper.&quot; Hehe. I wanna see it again
3	@jordanknight Hey JK...Wish Evenlyn a Happy Mothers Day tomora for me..I had a Great Day, my gift will be tickets to see ya's ere in Oz
3	@LaneySmiles you know you lvoe me!
3	@karaokevegan Happy Mothersday
3	@jacquelinesteps Haha you're welcome! I was honestly going crazy too. Have a great night as well
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	@NKOTBSummertime LMAO. Joey is mine  I cant wait to meet them in july!
3	Star Trek was so good Im seeing it a third time...corse I do work at the movie theator
3	@chaosd1 I love you, baby
3	@Naughtycowgir1 I LOVE music!!!  I like almost everything!!
3	@verma it was an awesome talk  find it very true that i am watching the ruby community closely
3	@mini_ritz thnx sweetie  how r u this evening? xo
3	@waynemansfield thanks....
3	@misterfuji I've always been pretty athletic, I especially love b-ball. Anyway, yeah I can run
3	@KimKardashian Ciara was great at SNL..Kim...you were mentioned on SNL tonight..Justin T was really good also
3	@creamspyder  thanks  you've been quiet lately!
3	is happy mothers day!
3	@freddurst I am semi in love with you. Just so ya know
3	@KenFTWIN I just started watching 30 Rock too, borrowed seasons 1 and 2 from my dad   so good.
3	I love my mommy.
3	@Lotay haha im jewish, i love that one
3	@sweet_avenue Love your website! Wish I lived closer to sample the cupcakey treats
3	@Chet6 yep infact she is popular, miss india 99, talented film actress .... and lot more
3	@thisgelly @missneecie Happy Mother's Day to both of yall.  from me and my boys...
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.!
3	I love crowded cars  and Ayanna!
3	@lionschmion Honey I don't think you're kidding for a MOMENT, I feel that your dedication to the gorgeous smirky men is STRONG indeed!
3	@DavidArchie Good morning David! Happy Mother's Day to your mom lol. Too bad u can't be with her. She is so awesome!
3	@NKOTBSummertime Sweet i'm 5'3 so perfect for me
3	helll yeah  i found a melon bar in the freezer ....mmm best cure for my hangover
3	Toris was SO fun! JB MOVIE WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! and i had a good day at work!  YAY i loved the movie! :0
3	@TomFelton Aww Stanley, have you still got him, they can live for like 20 years right?  x
3	Pretty sure my kitties missed me...one is laying on me and the other 2 are on each side of me. They are so cute though.
3	@rowsell you really chose the wrong time of year to do this didnt you
3	This is dedicated to all those moms out there - Happy Mother's Day  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2g9
3	@farewellcup thank you for the re-tweet
3	@beyondthestars omg! shannon Happy Birthday!!!! I'm celebrating for you!
3	@adityamishra yeah next time
3	@TEAMJAYDENICOLE love the background! those are my fave pics of them when they're at the beach!  thanks for the follow!
3	@DavidArchie morning David! i hope you're able to contact you're mom for Mother's Day!she seems really sweet  i guess you get it from her!
3	is awake earlier than expected but is in a good mood and the sun is out
3	@libras_art That would be the one.  It's awesome sauce.
3	i love the music video of you belong with me by taylor
3	Happy Mother's day to allMothers, Cheers!!
3	@indigofish911 Ooooh! I thought eggos were some kind of synthetic egg or egg sustitute or something. You crazy Americans
3	@patofnavar Dylan Dont think twice.
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	haven't twittered in forever. yeah, just had my sixteenth birthday party tonight
3	ending my evening on the best note.  i will love you forever, tweets.
3	@delamarRX931 haha, happened to me a lot of times. Know the feeling. Happy mums day to ur mom too delle
3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers including my own mom!
3	@akingbayo umm i like lucas and peyton  wbu ?
3	@Chaela12312 yay, I'm glad  THOUGH MAN I WANTED TO SEE IT
3	Gotta get up early to spend some time with my mommy before I go to work, so I'm off to bed. Goodnight twitter
3	well.. i just saw the dead zone for the first time. its a good TV show. @ddlovato is back
3	God, i lOVE quizzes. when i get my phone im gonna be on it 24/7 doing facebook quizzes.
3	is getting married in Vegas in November by an Elvis impersonator am so happy!!!
3	off to pearlyn's place - gran's bday + mothers' day dinner tonight!  mom went for adults' svc today!!!  (L) happy mothers' day moms!
3	@ahoova Thanks, that was gonna be my next tweet...You the man  Figuratively speaking
3	Happy Mother's Day to all Mums on Twitter
3	Happy Mothers Day!!!
3	Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers in my life
3	3:31 loved the rain this morning,
3	wishes that you would see not with your eyes but with your heart.  http://plurk.com/p/sv5bb
3	Happy mothers day mom.. i love yew...
3	happy mothers day!!
3	GoodMorning, Hope Everyone Has A Beautiful Day Today  x
3	With My Boy Still  He's everything to me
3	I am in total love with my Lip ring...more than all 12 of my piercings...it is my ut-most favorite
3	@ Ember with Dante... I have so much fun with him  can I smile any harder...
3	@JoeEGO I never 4get bout u .. Your my boyfriend #2... whom I lovesssss down .. Let's chill this week
3	Happy Mothers Day. Take ur mothers into a special place.
3	Steak and shake with ramon, matt, and chris.
3	Oh, and yippee for Lyn-Z Way who gets to celebrate Mother's Day for the first time as a mother.
3	Best day at park for Mother's day -- love my Mum to bits!! Massive weekend tho -- wee bit weary but super content!
3	Yes, I love tea. If that makes me typically English then so be it
3	@juleswriteslove you're absolutely welcome.  i love you too and am happy i was able to help make that moment happen.
3	@mileycyruuus Hi  You are such a babe. Want to hang? I love you ! xD
3	@BB517  lol he does love spahkly gold things....
3	Long day of dancin, travelin, and celebrating life  happy mothers day!!
3	is the luckiest girl in the world &lt;3
3	@MariahCarey The first thing she said means &quot;Your new album is really good&quot; and the second thing, &quot;Don't it's broken&quot;. I am Persian!
3	Dang baby i love you ma
3	is at the salon with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to everyone lucky enough to be a mommy. extra special happy to @LuciIrene who became a mommy 2day
3	[Dashboard - Modest Mouse] First Modest Mouse blip! Oyay, not bad.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z309
3	@lilmisssunstar will do! Tell my mommy I said the same n I love her mucho mucho!
3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
3	The Star Trek movie was amazing! omg everyone has to go see it
3	I am tired of my phone. Walkman works like a charm, but l need better video and wap really. Thanks for yesterday and for buying my album
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommiessss
3	@Bern_morley LOL I love your kids
3	@camilleprats http://twitpic.com/4woj2 - omgssh  ang cute ng bby.!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there I happen to have the greatest Mom in the world  I love my Mom she's my best friend
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE !!!
3	Today felt so much more crazy than it was!!  I digg the new addition to the family! there pretty cool
3	hahaha. tea at grandma's was sweat. yep.
3	Took yesterday off &amp; treated myself to an outfit &amp; shoes, I have not treated myself in a while, my mothers day gift to me
3	@troublebrother no, stay and play!!!
3	Favorite little cartoon movie in the world
3	Happy Mothers Day!!!  &lt;3
3	Can you tell that *Someone* has been reading Knowledge of the Holy by A.W. Tozer?    All his work should be required reading.
3	Happy Mother's day to all mum's in america
3	Wow Justin Timberlake on SNL tonight was hilarious! You gotta love that dude!
3	Happy Mother's Day to every single mom out there. I love my mommy
3	@heycassadee thanks for following, it means a lot to me  i love hey monday!
3	just finished my mothers day gift  ill post the link after she sees it!
3	Made coffee cake for her mom
3	says HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!  http://plurk.com/p/sv70e
3	@paudevera Oh sure  I'M IN LOVE WITH THEM ?
3	@walkingthetalk So true Donna  Wish you a joyfull sunday ~Siddy
3	it's amazing, makes my heart sing
3	@alyandajfanatic YAY!! that's so cool  aww that woulda been sweet, no worries though! I'm just glad you had fun!!
3	Happy Mother's Day to yall (and me too!!!) My damn son takin my coolness for a weakness... But it's all good. Keepin it all positive
3	Out and about in Deal, Kent. More sunshine required me thinks  http://yfrog.com/0egwanj
3	@heatherbond I'd love to!!
3	@BB517  not even a little bit biKnightual  (ha ha... tweedeck doesn't see the spelling problem with BK....ha!) but love it anyway.
3	Photovia secondstar05) i dreamt i was doing spells from harry potter yesterday night lol  i loved it. http://tumblr.com/xyt1qynya
3	sweet nk dreams love you all
3	@ lovelytrinkets I like the way you worded that about Rocky Road
3	Lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me.
3	@AniaRysz oh cool i can't wait!! yours are awesome!!!
3	love new shoes  thanks wine lo
3	Happy Mother's Day all of the mom's around the world!  I love mine more than anything in the world and can't wait to celebrate! WOO!
3	@krystynchong Love to see that!
3	going to bed. good night everyone! i love you all (or should i say good morning?)  sweet dreams
3	@penitch awwww..... thought it'd be a &quot;yummy&quot; experience.  Will try it next time. Kapag magkakasama ulet tayo nila Mapet ;-)
3	@Bassisland that is really brilliant!
3	@SOLAMAYA Went to your site! Would love to help &amp; work with you! I will do whatever I can to help support your cause! Awesome!!!!
3	@love_the_game GIRL!  Work it! Hope you had the Slammer, and had fun with the Moldovan! I want to hear details!!!
3	Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful MOMS out there. MOMS are what makes the world stay balanced. Have a great Mothers Day
3	I Love You MOM....alwayyyyyyyssssssss
3	One more thing &quot;Shattered&quot; is an amazing song by O.A.R.
3	@spanglegluppet thank you for the link! it explains a lot! and I'm glad you're feeling good! I've a friend coming tomorrow. will be fun!
3	@demiswissfan love you 2  so how are you? xxxx
3	@saltyboots @teeenuhh happy mommy day Teens-thanks FFF
3	Happy Mothers Day to all Mothers every where
3	@ZnaTrainer Ahhh Music to my ears!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Do have a good and enjoyable day
3	@avgs I like only the james bond series. Thats what a spy movie is!
3	@Eganan- I LOVE YOU!!!! YOU MAKE ME SO HAPPY!!!!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there, old &amp; new.
3	@shubhamsingal oh I am so sure they do get everything. They live their like celebrities
3	is Happy Mothers Day.   Taking Mum out for dinner to one of my favourite restaurants down Glenelg now
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	@NathanFillion Your window ledge is decorated quite appropriately. I love it
3	Ive got the greatest boyfriend in the world. I love him so so much.
3	http://www.eabeauty.net - The world of beauty and pretty girls   I'm testing new version
3	@aerform I love you so much.  Just got into my hiding spot, gonna go check out datalounge
3	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
3	@katyperry it's Under a Honeymoon by The Good Life
3	@therealsavannah Today was fun  &lt;333
3	@sharonhayes: &quot;Congrats my friend on ruling Canada @iamkhayyam *hugs&amp;gropes*&quot; Just for today I'm #1  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oi
3	having a great time with family!! big ups to my bro n sis in law for hanging out  love n peace! {be free}
3	@And_OKeefe Yay! You're on Twitter! You're my secret celeb crush!  (too much info??)
3	He brings SOOO much joy!! Show it!!  great song! ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oq http://ff.im/2L63l
3	@Jewels14333 Happy Mothers Day
3	OK dear tweeps, goodnight! I need 2 get up early 2 say Happy Mothers Day 2 wife n mom
3	Happy Mother's Day
3	get down tonight: http://bit.ly/QxXhi  the bridesmaids, moms, bride &amp; I rockin' the reception
3	Happy Baby Mommas Day!!  to all the&gt;&gt; MOMMAS&lt;&lt; on Twitterville
3	@dada8dee you tooooo dada!!!  such good times!!
3	yummy yummy ice creammm  i hate heels &amp;whoever made this pair.
3	scan my childhood photos hahah its soo fun
3	@PerryMarshall  I was seeing only one side of it, but it looked interesting.  And deep.
3	@Brandiheyy have a Happy Trip!!
3	Im sending this to my mother!  http://bit.ly/1aa1RF
3	watching W. with jas. i love my brother he's my best friend
3	@mrskutcher A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day
3	I really should rant about my bad day but I wont.  I am grateful for my mother, Gma &amp; other powerful &amp; influential ladies my life!!! ILY
3	Hunny was here today  or should i say last nite. Haha. 5 months&lt;333
3	great night! great peolple!
3	Never better! I had to follow some local Tweeples! It's only right!  @ThaMissus
3	@kman_19 aw check out what i JUST posted http://eveinbangkok.blogspot.com  i really admire your mom. she's a strong woman. god bless her
3	@CptCswife Thanks!!!!  Happy Mother's day to you too!!
3	@Claire_Cordon LOL that split second of peace is truly amazing
3	Had a neat mothers day - nothing flash, just some chillin time with my girls
3	@roccoman aww you are so helpful  we getting sweepy here, sis says we can have whipped cream before bed , i save u some
3	@DerrickWayneJr  she was sleep and then she woke up to check on me see if i was cold or hot i love my mom
3	happy mommys day!
3	I really wanna see the Jonas Brothers in Novemeber but I need to find someone to come with me!  xx
3	happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl
3	@jasminezarasani haha iya. your welcome sist!
3	home sweet home  sleeping until monday I hope.
3	WISHING ALL THE MOTHERS A VERY SAFE &amp; HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
3	i just read the sweetest story in the entire world  love it http://bit.ly/118lGL
3	Decode by Paramore is a great song... Love it...
3	@RealWizKhalifa courtney seems like a cool chick &amp; shes pretty
3	&quot;Ooh-ooh... it's SHINY&quot;. An dmore awe-tastic quotes from THE BEST ANIMATED MOVIE EVER coming up
3	Yes! Cold coffee from yesterday. No sugar, no cream !  The way I like it !
3	@retrorewind ok, i believe you now and it was worth staying up for..joe macs version  i luv being covergirl..will luv it more after next 1
3	@chasepino oh chase. i love you. you make me laugh &amp; btw you were surely were dropped on the head as a baby.
3	@KatsManDEW No I LOVE Jordie's version as well as Joe's and Donnie's ALL 3 are DIFFERENT
3	Kinda feeling in a reggae mood.... hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend
3	lovin' my new blackberry
3	Excited!!! Trousers on their way from Topshop, should be here in a couple of days
3	To all mothers in the world : happy mothers day
3	@sumtxkid loved our lil tent-side jam session/mosh pit!!! EDGEFESSSSSST!!!
3	@griffmiester last time I looked, they were about 400. They gave us a demo, so cool
3	@DENISE_RICHARDS A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day
3	@kristensaywhaa Good deal! Im doing good thank u   The one about me loving my mom?
3	Happy muthath's day to all moms!!! I salute you!
3	Wishing all the mommies out there a very happy day!!!
3	just sitting here watching my babies, life can be amazing afterall
3	@Joannevance Morning there.
3	@jimmyfallon Hey Man Congratulations On The Graduation Man You'r World Wide Popular In Philippines
3	@philipwang lol sweet!!! ...i still have yet to watch the 4th movie  hope ur having a lovely weekend! happy mother's day from aus! =P haha
3	@Morrica Good Morning to you  I trust you are well ?
3	thinks Aaron is pretty darn awesome
3	@AppViz Problems seem to be fixed now! Thank you!
3	&lt;----------- is listening the FUCK out of Lamb of God
3	Happy Mother's Day x3 ..Mum? I love you
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
3	happy mothers day
3	Happy Mom's Day to everyone in the US
3	The frank black (and his wifey) show was aaaaaaaaaamazing  sd trip is made!
3	4:15 finally home from the city.  - now time to head to sleep!!  goodnight! &amp; happy mommy's day to all the mother's out there!!
3	@outlawontheedge Tofurky.... You owe me a new keyboard now!
3	lohang: is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here's my profile http://is.. http://tinyurl.com/r5o3zj
3	My lovely husband made me breakfast in bed this morning. Who says chivalry is dead?
3	@reags_ that's why twitter rocks!
3	@itsAnnaFriel Hey Anna.I bet you look so cute when ur blushing
3	just noticed that two of the top ten topics on Twitter right now is &quot;Star Trek&quot; and &quot;Spock.&quot;   That is so cool!    I am in love with both!
3	Ill catch you at the very last second
3	: So wonderful to spend Mother's Day with my mum.
3	@wethedan http://twitpic.com/3pb8j - hahahahahahaha why have i never seen this pic?!?!?!?! lmao!! hey look too cute
3	you know you love your mom when you stay up this late just to wrap her gifts (which look glorious) &amp; hand-make a card.. happy mothers day
3	Went to the hawksmoor last night and probably had the best  steak I've ever had
3	@HayleyxWilliams Hey, I love freakin love you
3	mum just made me cry coz she said something so sweet to me  i love her so much! MUMS ARE THE BEST!
3	just got home. Yay!  Hi guys! http://plurk.com/p/svdpu
3	@JordansUKgirl jonathan tweeted a happy mothers day  but that is all..lots from dave @retrorewind though
3	@isacullen  yay thanku! *hugs*
3	@meanpower si de cand ai twtad?
3	ofcourse they start fightin aight the party buts its cool theyu held it down now im chillin with my home girl  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
3	@DonnieWahlberg Ready and waiting Donnie   We love you too
3	What a fun night
3	@cow_grrrl   You have the sweetest children.  You are obviously a great mom. I loved reading your blog w/ their msgs to you.  Kudos.
3	@RetroRewind How much longer is the NKOTB Block Party? Love it! I need to go to bed so just wondering what time it's over..LOL..thanks!
3	says again.. happy mothers day to all your moms  http://plurk.com/p/svdsh
3	Here again  how are u all??
3	@cathjenkin hehe  with milky white skin, dressed in silver spider's silk, with a crown of snowflakes ...
3	i love my mommy
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOM!
3	thx for all the nice &quot;it's going to be alright&quot; mails ... and yes, of course you can leave a comment on my blog ! cheers, i ll be napping
3	@caarooliineex3 I love the guy that was standing behind me
3	@ThatSillyLily haha i only love you too sissy!!!!!  ring power! lol
3	Porridge with nutmeg, rasberries and honey  mmmm
3	nice baked spaggetti for family &amp; not out to grandparents house!
3	@SashaGrey http://twitpic.com/4wixz - Your such an interesting girl. So much potential in so many ways.
3	@JonathanRKnight @jorddanknight Happy Mother's day to your Mum
3	Happy Mother's Day!  http://tinyurl.com/re74xc
3	happy mothers day to all..
3	Love my mommy happy mothers day
3	@johncmayer ur really the sweetest person ever! thanks for making everyone's dreams come true..(p.s) my dream is for u 2twitter me back  x
3	loving my new tv
3	mothers day at the spit was awesome!!!!!!!  listening to Paranoid by The Jonas Brothers!!!!!!!!!
3	@RobertKazinsky Congratulations on the award - totally deserved
3	@sanjana_58 I also like 'Aasman ke paar shaayad'
3	Repeat final seconds of Game 3 Dal-Den please! DAMN THOSE OFFICIALS. :| Anyway, happy mothers day.
3	@JonathanRKnight @jordanknight Happy Mother's Day to your Mum
3	@Health4UandPets Hi Lisa, you have the most BEAUTIFUL pups! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!2 Raven, Rio&amp; Thors WONDERFUR mama!!  *kittykisses*
3	oh what a night love me some aces
3	Back from cycling 20 miles on virtually traffic free roads,the sun almost shining,new PB great start to the day
3	wishes happy mothers' day to all moms out there.
3	@kkindlen and @MandaBown thanks  hoping its just allergies and not a nasty flu!
3	@just_another_1 yeh I can't even imagine.... good luck to them
3	Off to mass, Happy Mum's day to your mums
3	@icemist @sankeertanan Have fun! Wish your mums a happy mother's day for us!
3	Happy mother's day to my sweet mum
3	happy birthday to me!!
3	@geishadoll you're welcome Chica
3	@zoriancrx It's the &quot;Vampire tarot of the eternal night&quot;, Lo Scarabeo, going to be released sometime this autumn  Cool, huh?
3	@steve_w_a cool, looking forward to it now
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	@demiswissfan awesome  thats what im likewith the song paranoid. its stuck in my head! and i love it  lol xxxx
3	@Holly59 you certainly can, and good morning to you
3	i love my mummy
3	Sitting in mels house, just finished eating mcdicks, laughing at all the dumb stuff I said tonight!! Ready for bed? I think so
3	@melidm luv the vid!! can't wait to hear it live on summer tour  luv how d always shows is drawers and nice moves by joe mac..
3	@Ali_Sweeney - Happy Mother's Day, Ali  I hope you have a great day today! Hugs and kisses from The Netherlands xoxox
3	happy mothers day, love u mom
3	@lis0r i love electro house
3	wants to wish all the moms out there (and moms-to-be) a very happy Mother's Day!
3	already knows 3 dishes: Torta, Hotdog, &amp; Itlog. Hurrah for me!
3	i am outta here... see you guys later (or tomorrow)... happy mom's day again!
3	@MariahCarey MC, happy mother's day to your mom ;).. love yah
3	I think I might fall in love with jihoon in boys over flower.
3	And thanks for the gorgeous flowers.
3	@Suzyqbee10  very sweet!!! HAHA. I am like super proud to be a new mom!!! I feel like, i got the PERFECT daughter. And i am a GREAT mom!!!
3	Ahhh mothers day  My first one YAY!!!
3	@nicolerichie Happy mother's day! Hope you have a great one with Harlow, your mom and those you love  You're such an awesome mommy! ^^
3	Gossip girl &amp; pizza on the way = thank you to my lil babe
3	@G_E LOL yeah I had a few slices of cheddar cheese b4 sleeping.
3	@chantelleaustin  Good one
3	@deena_p aww thanks
3	@Tyrese4ReaL thanks, I deserve it.
3	such lovely weather, i wanna go out!
3	@markparton just going through some of his tracks in iTunes and buying his awesome tracks I don't have. Loving it
3	@DaLzz Nice glasses. Looks good
3	@nevrothwen thank you! It's sunny outside so that's a good start
3	just got in. I have the best friends
3	at @JonasBrothers   Happy mother's dayyy Deniseee &lt;3
3	Happy Mommy's Dad Mommy  watching the football  Yay The Eagles Are WINNINGGGGG  they better keep it up *sigh!
3	Happy Mothers day  &lt;3
3	Happy Mothers Day Everybody!!!!!!
3	happy mother's daaaaaaaaay
3	happy mother's day, mom  I hope the breakfast was nice.  I love u ?
3	@Bleau thanks for the retweet, man  having a quiet Sunday morning... how's yours?
3	got THE best mothers day present from Tys. It made me cry uncontrollably, and it wasn't a present
3	Spending a wonderful Mothers Day with Brad, Mom and Dad.  Happy Mothers Day to all Moms
3	going out for the good ol' 'soak' tonight for a mothers day feed.       in love more then ever
3	@PerezHilton Guapisimo, chico you and Ms. Lady Gaga looked amazing as usual
3	@timmcclintock gasp!!! I love it!!! Thank you so much for sharing Tim!!
3	Thumbs up to Wolverine, Taco Bell Cheese Roll-ups, and mothers... you're all the best
3	Happy Mother's Day, amma!  I made u cake, remember? U loved it!
3	feeling, breathing, believing, keeping you on my mind and never ever gonna think to let you go..
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	@xxmarypoppinsxx thanks. Ive got a holiday in a few weeks and also more concerts to look forward to
3	Happy Mothers Day to All the Mom's out there!! We Love You!!!
3	happy mother's day
3	Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there and to me also
3	Don't forget it's Mothers Day today, guys  But a smile on your moms face by giving her a call.
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	@lina83 Like your pics, Lucky Girl, again
3	@bdeezy @PleasureNPain lol you guys are awesome
3	happy mothers day
3	@AubreyODay god bless u and I hope the rest of your weekend is joyfull
3	Happy Hug Your Mom Day!! love you mom
3	making a Life w/o Bounds! T-Shirt for Second life
3	Happy Mothers Day!
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you wonderful mothers!!
3	hey!! at home about to sleep i cant believe weekend finished so fast! happy mothers day!! good morning and have a great sleep
3	What have you done for Mother's Day?&quot;*people who are a day behind us*&quot;what will you be doing?&quot; I took my Mom to Starbucks, she enjoyed it
3	@thelast1uthink ZOMG SO CUTE MATT. shit thats a good movie
3	happy mother's day  &amp; later on i can't wait to see @que_day26 in concert. lol. well ima see all of day 26 but i like him the most ;D
3	happy mothers day mum
3	@PerezHilton loving the shoes perez, looking fine as always  oh,and lady gaga, what can I say. Outstanding!
3	Happy Mothers Day! Same day, more chocolate
3	@tonyrobbins &quot;paradise is where I am.&quot; he also said
3	DIVERSITY DIVERSITY DIVERSITY TODAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	in Newcastle enjoying the family  With mum on mother's day for the 1st time in years!
3	Kakabalik lang from Tarlac. Good aftie.
3	Why do people have 2 be so deceitful and unreal?  But my love for Steve Jones and Channing Tatum has been renewed lol...their soo nice
3	Just got back from 5km run!  It was really good!
3	Oh and Cali plans are a GO! I might get to see DA too and she's my hero and rocks my socks
3	@jmarie7481 http://twitpic.com/4vvou - Ok...I LOVE IT!! Melika come on do your make-up like this next time we go out
3	happy mother's day
3	Yet another good weekend with someone. Sigh. Man I like the boy..
3	@_PurpleRose_ Happy m0ther's day ms. Rhix
3	Someone left me an anonymous card. Thank you! It was incredible
3	checked out Green Day on demand &amp; saw the new live videos. U were right, they did blow my mind  I love u SGB, even more all the time, Mom
3	@CORiNALYNN I had so much fun with my bffs and iyla!!  love you!!!
3	@bradiewebbstack awww ily you're so sweet
3	@djneilquigley   Just saw it tonight as well... Great movie!!  Hope you're well mate! Cheers E
3	@rixx03 How sweet, heart to heart talk with mom!
3	i'm celebrating my mother!!  and also celebrating my legacy as a woman of God.
3	@crazylabel Ordered mine, thank you!!
3	@LifeofaDQ I am so proud of you
3	@sahilk It was on March 22nd in UK..today all quiet here regarding mothers day  Very sweet of u to wish though..thanks!
3	self-portrait week http://unbecominglily.blogspot.com/2009/05/announcing.html  would you like to join in?
3	My brother is making banana shake. Yesterday he made mango shake. He's our shake guy.
3	Luv you sissy
3	@MrsMW Really worth watching at the cinema.  Mum really enjoyed it
3	My mom doesn't have twitter but imma post this anyway ..... I love you mommy
3	LOVE ME LOVE ME SAY THAT YOU LOVE ME...
3	Very succesful Cancertown Launch yesterday
3	@TomFelton d'aaaaawhh you're so cute
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OUR MOMS!
3	happy mothers day mommy  i love you so much, dono what id do without you ??
3	@sandraschubert This is true... Clean clothes is a VERY good thing!   Enjoy your day! Love your new avatar BTW!
3	Happy mothers day to all the Twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after.
3	@deadmanwade awwww ray you're the best.  it means a lot to me that you say that! i can't wait to hang with you again, hopefully soon!
3	@greggrunberg Or a wonderful talking alarm call from I-Phone or Bed side Alarm call! I can just imagine the wake up messages lol
3	My home made red velvet cupcakes were pretty damn good! now to master the frosting... goodnight!
3	@RemyBanks Did you see my message mandingo jr.!!..lol. I hope its music i'll like.
3	@shaundiviney :O:O:O:O:O:O:O You Like Sweeney Todd TOO!?!?!   (Y) Best Movie (Y)
3	Feeling very grateful for such a great Mum, and family
3	@PerezHilton you givein lady ga ga arun for her money in that get up hee hee love it
3	@shinytoyguns you guys ROCKED IT tonight in LA!! Love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon
3	@ShalondaGordon @britneyspears @mrskutcher sending you love on mother's day and wishing you more happiness in the days ahead!
3	@flamingokitty I'm surprised your bf didn't want to play with u! Although that would require another guitar...Glad u had fun
3	OMG!!  Booth's hallucination in the latest epi of Bones is absolutely brilliant  &quot;you're a gud lookin guy.. if u keep an open mind&quot; LOL!
3	@DavidBurke1 morning David have a safe journey and enjoy your time in the states  xxx
3	@heynadine yayy! i cant wait to see them!
3	@aljones15 thank you!! ooh I see you've read Desert Islands http://is.gd/ys6K great book!
3	Good Morning  Jess here  Just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please  xxx
3	@Beverleyknight enjoy!!!  have a good day. don't forget to twitpic xxx
3	@taylor_dayne OMG!!! Yr like a goddess to me. Prove yr love &amp; love will lead u back are 2 of my fav old skool tracks  x
3	Got a Saturdays framed signed foto last night  and a Valentino rossi 1 aswell  eee what a night
3	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn
3	@zaneology Correction: &quot;facetious&quot; not &quot;sarcastic.&quot; Apologies.  Oh, and happy Mother's Day!
3	@judyrey Thank you, Judy! Same back at you!
3	says I LOVE YOU MOM  http://plurk.com/p/svm0w
3	FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK, @bradiewebbstack please comment me back  ILY
3	@mari_possa Happy Happy Bday Baby Girl. Love Ya!!!! Hope you get EVERYTHING you want
3	@mari_possa Happy Happy Bday Baby Girl. Love Ya!!!! Hope you get EVERYTHING you want
3	Morning all  and its a lovely day at last
3	@katelynndivine I just texted you but I hope you know you are my favorite
3	@devyra haha one day we will have a huge roadtrip
3	@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor..
3	@CMZart you should get your work everywhere.. Articles etc. Love it!
3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMMA
3	@talindab http://twitpic.com/4m9up - ?s this your house ?? The dog is really sweet
3	i'm looking forward to the joy of the f1.... hoping its another disaterous race for ferrari and button gets another well deserved win
3	@petewentz eerrrrrrrrr.......... no i would say not.  i heart ur background though!
3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4ukqe - haha cute and beautiful  U R cool Miley.^^
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers! Especially mine!  Enjoy ya day mothers!
3	@Grannny63 Happy Mother's Day!  Hugs~
3	Happy Mothers Day! Will be going out later at 6 pm to watch a well renowned group of singers!
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	Today is my first real mothers day with my son actually here  he wasn't born yet last year , can't wait to hug him when I get home
3	I'm a bit late, but the new twitterific interface for the iPhone is very cool, oh and Richie and Lauren on their engagement
3	i'm awake, too early for my liking on a sunday...but i'm looking at my pictures  last night was bloody awesome, there are no words...
3	@spiller2 @ann_donnelly  Cool, Thanks for re-tweeting it guys
3	xhausted after an amazing nite at the w.house corr.dinn--whatta nite!! zzz twitterland
3	Just spent the last two hours playing L4D with babe  Had HELLA fun. I love him &lt;3
3	Right! Into action! Grab a shower, grab my camera and, I think, a walk in the sunshine along the canal. Later, good tweeple
3	happy mother's day, mommy! hope you will have a good day
3	There are wonderful people in my life who I think I can handle only in small doses  &amp; there is just 1 I cud be with every hour, everyday.
3	SUNNY DAY!  going down to Stonehenge with my parents...
3	@LittleMissHaya awekay kewl. thanx.
3	He's a mess. But iLove him
3	@Neekatron that sounds delicious
3	man i just made a fat ass buger mmmmmmmmm  taste so fuckin delicious i love food, i eat my feelings lol
3	@MariamUAE awesomeness
3	@empresstrena have a nice time, with plenty of dreams
3	@Jonasbrothers The episode was AMAZING...I cried when I saw the home videos they were soooooo cute
3	@alexwaddell I love Broughty Ferry
3	Oh p.s. Thank you so much for the flowers Mr.Akins your mamacita loves yoooou papa  Kevin is the best muuaah!
3	Joel Mchale just made a Puyallup Fair reference on The Soup! I love this stuff. Snuggled in bed with my best girls
3	@BlokesLib lmao you witty wacko...loves it
3	@OJthekid LOL yeah ima mama  thanks. happy mama's day and lakers day! i love it!
3	wishes Happy mother's day to all mothers!!!
3	@freekdp we will support you
3	My frist post... Off to find a new car for my parents, exciting!
3	says Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!!!
3	@rushtoaugust @wonderchae @elyfont Happy mother's day to your moms.
3	So drunk!  Love u guys!
3	Peter, the bar owner is working his way up to 1000 beers-all Belgian. Has coffin for drinkers of Mort Subite
3	nothing is as lovely as rolling in after a long night with a boyfriend and a kitty
3	@yaeljk NKOTB world is the best place to be
3	@jlamshed Not had an offer like that for a while
3	Our God is an awesome God, He is a God of 2nd,30th,100th chances..I give Him ALL the glory for my 2nd chance at 'love'.. Am still stunned
3	and Happy Mothers Day to All you Moms out there i hope you had a good day
3	@kellydollyrot aww... my mom will appreciate it   Much the same to your familias! When do you leave for tour?
3	@jacehall http://twitpic.com/4nbx4 - great photo! bravi! we are looking forward for the upcoming pilot in Italy too
3	@morrick I'm feeling much less alone now in my love for Fitzcarraldo, most people I mention it to have no idea what I am talking about.
3	lost HIATUS noooooooooooooooooo D: back to school tomorow. back in 10TY  (@NamastexD)
3	@twebbstack =O you need to ask him something? Lmao I love him too
3	@makikaysantos thanks love ) btw happy mother's day to your mom
3	@LiveJoy i love to read ur little quotes
3	Anyone else go train tripping on National Train Day?  http://tinyurl.com/p2l88x  Leave a comment of your adventures on the site.
3	I just realised how much i love sundays
3	is going to the Derny race with Sofie &amp; Cindy.... And i'll see Eric there !
3	@RWA88 Yay thanks  and awwh no you will feel grand soon  #TwitterTaleover
3	@ddlovato I missed u. Stop defending urself. Your true fans are with u  U're the best. And for me u didn't change. -Ur biggest french fan!
3	Loving Lego Indiana Jones. A game-researching aracheologist's dream
3	@nicole_honey thank you  i have a business exam tomorrow too :/
3	Hello all... wishing all mothers a very happy mother's day today.. &amp; everyday... &amp; Happy Tweeting...
3	Happy mothers day mom  ?
3	had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of N  Have the house to myself til noon
3	@CassieScerbo: 'Bring it on: In it to win it' is the BEST movie ever!!  U are the best actress, singer, dancer and role model ever&lt;33 xoxo
3	happy mother's day mom. love you always
3	band recommended by Steph --&gt; PARAMORE! who else? a great band, consists of-&gt;Hayley Williams,Josh Farro,Zac Farro,Jeremy Davis  best band!
3	@paigeebaby  HAHAHAAH LAMO  thats so bad xDD i want my oneshot to go thurther hehe like ... BEDROOM xDD
3	ohi i would marry Travis Pastrana in a second... hes not that attractive, hes just the sweetest thing  and what he does is attractive ;)ha
3	happy mother's day
3	@ddlovato : yaaay,  you're back .FINALLY!!! i love reading your tweets ;D. and you ;P
3	shecky95 @renatak  Happy Moms Day to u as well and many more to come
3	happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there
3	..but did i mention spending time with two bffs .. Totally worth it
3	@LondonW12 aww lovely pic
3	Making a mix! 22 minutes so far, aiming for 30 minutes  loving it so far!!!  DJ Sugarfree
3	Just had the best hot chocolate ever with chilli  On my way back to the UK now, I need my lovely bed....oh and a sunday roast mmmm.
3	left 'Naked' at @iarebinky on her little ass bed  even though my feet stll hurt my nite was made ;-)
3	Happy Mothers day to all the Mom's on there!!
3	@yasminkol yea it looks good, the flower i mean.
3	lookin forward to a lovely meal out for grandparents 75th at posh italian
3	Listening to Mendelssohn - Italian Symphony.  Lovely.
3	@amandabynes heey  your awsome. god bless.
3	Yay Happy Mother's Day  #fb
3	@kaushal i am a bit more curious: how much did you pay for it?
3	@NinjaFanpire And the 1600th tweet goes to you because w/o you, I'd have no one to talk to at 3am in the morning! lol &lt;3
3	im home!  Dinner with mum was delicious and nice  had a good time. Happy Mothers Day to all mums
3	omg! i luv u guys, thanks for keepin me entertained, and awake !  .... missinmydgbigtyme
3	@mygirlhiro blogtv was fun! can't wait til next time
3	&quot;I can givee you anything but lovee&quot; - Daniel Schuhmacher
3	@arjbarker I am so excited you're touring with FOTC! I had no idea!! I'll be seeing you tomorrow
3	had a good day driving up mountains, visiting katie, eating chips &amp; fudge and stocking up on lovely smelling soaps
3	@vene2ia Yvonne, thanks 4 the #FFrecommend! Lovely profile photo, you have! And I agree w/u on the &quot;what is sleep?&quot;  LOL! It's 5:46 am!
3	Saw the new Star Trek movie yesterday 'twas  very good. Having a quiet day today - off to the gym then for lunch
3	@mikealeonetti Thank you!
3	Happy Mother's Day.....................I had a gr8 day with my kids &amp; my MUM
3	Basically I've listened to Miley Cyrus for fourteen hours now, and I love it.
3	Love &quot;good girls go bad&quot;
3	it's good to see all my family  was a good day today
3	hi to all twit friends  happy mother's day to all the beautiful and amazing mothers out there
3	@CocoFontana I'll have to watch it soon then!  An I love, New York? Sweet! I'll be on the lookout for that.
3	@MandyBookLover Yes so did I  Some of the Acts are really very cringe worthy! Though I do find it very entertaining.
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	@Franner_tastic Awww that is sweet
3	@Mrsdaughtry Happy Mothers Day!
3	@BlokesLib lol trying to take after her old man eh? Good for her! hehehe very cute!
3	@hl2run Anyone with big fingers  But I've loved it...
3	Just Chilling after MCFLY last night! ABSOULUTELY INCREDIBLE! =D i love them!
3	@SongBuildersUK wow is a good idea... but the b-day was yesterday and I already took him a present! Thank you anyway!!!
3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
3	@pntbtrkisses LMAO...but you'll still have me! I am thoroughly enjoying our conversation
3	I'm really full. Had a HUGE breakfast.
3	@MariahCarey I'd say it a million plus plus plus times !!! I love you and appreciate you I'd choose your happieness over album any day
3	@rachelongkili a walk in the clouds; sweet november; lake house.
3	@AmazingPhil How BOut What Your Doing Now, or what you gonna do today  lol
3	really want to see JB3D.. cant wait for thursday
3	I love how simple my Safari toolbar is!  http://twitpic.com/4wssc/full
3	@PerezHilton you look smashing darling  is trent reznor really getting married i just want to rip out mariqueen's fake boob's -_-
3	Happy Mommy's Day to all the mothers in the world!
3	@kymdotcom in anticipation of him making me a cup of tea, I'm agreeing. Now it must happen!  No, he is awesome.
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers...time for me to hit the hay! much love my tweeps!
3	like your first broadcast @supitsemily
3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's out there!
3	The sun is attempting to increase her efforts. Alas the same cannot be said for me. I see a bath, a couch &amp; a book in my immediate future
3	Awesome beer pong party at my house in the yard tonight  going in when the sun is rising is officially B.A.
3	@rbtlshow really enjoyed the podcast with @jasonsantamaria This was my 1st time listenening to the show. Will def listen from now on
3	Kyneton for breakfast this morning at Slow Living. Noice. Such a beautiful sunny autumn day  Drove back to Melb via Daylesford
3	aww @skyelikeupthere you loooove me
3	I love my mom we are going to greece this summer
3	2 dates to go and i'm done booking this first tour  anyone wanna help me find shows in and around NYC? June 2 and June 4?   Thanks!
3	Happy Mother's Day @shannon180
3	@elijahr26 Hey thanks for following  Love the name Elijah thats what im going to name my Son
3	http://twitpic.com/4wsy6 - Beauty.  Going out now!
3	Exchange story gone, yaaaay! On with Sweet Charity
3	had a nice brunch by the bay.. Thank God for Mommies!
3	Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers out there
3	going to eat some pasta bake, my favourite food! later going to the flea market @jadirox you're my lilime
3	@amyserrata in the sun and changing my default icon just for you  what're your plans?
3	@pinkbunny69 o i c. i have no excuses i just love bein comfy
3	Went on a short flight around the Geelong waterfront.  Surprised at how well I handled it, as I'm still exhausted from last weeks meetup
3	Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
3	@lorilooker oii oiii  hope the run goes/went well (whenever you get this message!) love youuuuu ?
3	@xXFriendXx That is amazing she will be happy with it enjoy your sunday  XX
3	marko got in a fight outside the roseland tonight.. it was rather entertaining!
3	Happy Mother's Day Mommies
3	@MariahCarey u go Mariah,never listen to the haters  I have been a fan for so long and am so grateful for ur music. Can't wait 4 the album
3	@DebbieFletcher Nice Mothersday! *gives you a viritual chocolate
3	Happy Mother's Day!
3	Loves random acts of kindness and laughter
3	I will surely vote for @AllisonOfficial.
3	Happy Mother's day !!!! Show some love to your Beautiful and Amazing Mom!!  &lt;3
3	@melissagreen http://twitpic.com/4wsk3 - too cute
3	@stephaniepratt I Love This Song lol, You're amazing Steph , xoxo
3	I am sooooo happy! Finally, Kean Cipriano replied to my chat messages. I hope he's not fake.
3	is wishing all of the mother's out there a very Happy Mother's Day!! Love ya!
3	@BurT_E  It's an honour being your friend!!!! http://bit.ly/LhgZ2
3	@davidarchie needs to make plans to come back to uk! yest he made my year  love him xo
3	happy momma day to myself and all my other beautiful moms out there!cant wait to get pampered tomorrow
3	YES! getting my sky + back on wednesday  been waiting weeks for it (:
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS!
3	wow the weather is amazing today!
3	auntiegail says 'Today I am picking up the hi-vis vests for the kids they say 'Auntie Gails Childminding Service'  xxx.'
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there, but especially to my wonderfuly Mommy
3	happy maders day
3	@MCsavedmylife thank you, your dedication as a lamb is unparalleled also, all true lambs dedication is unparalleled
3	@MacQuid We travelled the world &amp; I grew up on a diet of everything you can think of! Still, my Genoese grandma made her own pasta....
3	Digging a downloaded film with mi familia. We love iTunes
3	@JasonBradbury What brings you to our fair Island today?
3	@joshboulton  I should be doing history.....
3	your the voice i hear inside my head, the reason that i'm singing, i gotta find you, i need to find you
3	@fredrikth Hi, there you are! Rise and shine. Yes, I did. Pretty early for the last nights hours  But I slept like a baby though ...
3	Mom ur the greatest.. HMD
3	@unahealy Brent Cross? wow! I live very close from there!
3	Happy Mothers Day!!
3	@dashkaaa we always miss each other, don't we?
3	14 dayssss ahhhh super excited   'they're telling me that my heart wont beat again'   JLS were awesome yesterday (:
3	has just watched antcam7 ahh love it
3	@RX2904 you, my friend, are a true fan
3	Happy Mother's Day to all your wonderful moms!
3	is waiting for the final of shipwrecked to start. goodtimes.  &lt;3
3	All the money in the world could never make me as happy as being a stay-at-home mom with my son
3	Is sat in her PJs drinking tea and watching the Politics Show. Lovely
3	@AFineFrenzy ali, just like you do!!!   have such a wonderful sunday!
3	@georgieBOOM it's like triple what i've got, so it's a lot to me as well. Well done
3	@phillyhead aw thank you sam phil, i love you
3	@phoeNYkx Yes, I liked it very very much  It wasn't even cheesy!
3	@theclimbx3 i knooow  its the pizza girl episode xD &lt;3
3	@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vuuy - That's so cool.
3	@MARCOME I like the sound of a love breeze...sounds beautiful! Love the wind on my face
3	Hope all the Mum's out there had a Mother's Day with love, close family &amp; friends.
3	Happy Mother's Day !  I feel blessed on this day to have wonderful son who is also my best friend
3	@TotallyM hi hun!!  i really loved your tutorial yday!  soooo much, it was one of the best tutorials i had watched in a long time!  xx
3	just got home and my kitty was by my door waiting for me
3	@frenchiep :  i know i*m late but i didn't had internet. so happy bithday to you and pierre!
3	@maenad_au I love it
3	@AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you
3	Sleeeping ; just had to say Happy Momdukes Day
3	@backstreetboys Congrats to Howie! I hope you bring little James to germany soon  Wish you all the best for your family!
3	@MollySchofe on another note I totally love this pic of you and your dad....old pic -  http://bit.ly/18aEG8
3	It's like I'm living in a Dream Land. I (always) get what I want. God, thank you for everything. I'm so grateful for this lovely life
3	@Katie_McFlyy FINALY MY CHANCE HAS CAME. . TO KILL YOU MWAHAHA! ha. not cool. .  ha  xx
3	@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3ernb - Loving The Jumper
3	HAPPY B-DAY TO LINA  haha, your birthdaypresent to me would be to comment on the new video ;) http://bit.ly/17Cy61
3	@Magnum74 I knew my mom loved flowers and she loves the Rieger Begonia so... hanging basket seemed perfect
3	LOVED Britain's got talent last night!  Shaun and Greg were both amazing!  Were they HOT too..can't say I noticed?!!
3	Happy Mother's day VALK!!
3	@Hermanryu Thank you! Tadi jam 12.30pm
3	@tprettyman ask them what they have done with their lives. be annoying human beings? tell your mama happy mother's day!
3	Good mornin' everyone . Beautiful sunday for all the beautiful moms of ours. Had my breakfast with the lady ....   Lets move on .
3	With Aubrey at pearl!!!
3	LA bound!!
3	So grateful for my amazing family. How blessed am I. Happy Mothers day everyone
3	Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
3	@MelodyLeaLamb Goooood Morning Melody! Wishing you a Wonderful Mother's Day with your family!
3	I saw Thirst which is korean movie made by chan-wook Park . this movie isn't hard but good
3	you always seem to know exactly the right thing to say. thanks.  - http://ilikeucoz.com/m/1123 #youregreat
3	Happy Sunday. We have sunshine in Frankfurt. Hope all mothers enjoy this day
3	@DemiLSupporter i LOVE your hat! so cool. that looks like it was a fun day.  and i love that you used the word &quot;crikey&quot; just now!!
3	HAPPY MOMMA's DAY ALL. HONOR YOUR MOMs  sign up for #maternalhealth  here's for all mothers and luvin kids out there:  http://bit.ly/Bpekk
3	It's Mother's Day! Went out to lunch to celebrate and then went shopping for a gift for my mom
3	star treeeeek?! only one hot guy there  and i get to watch him do his hot stuff woo.
3	bathing with two little angels, Keyla and Janice.
3	@Kenzielee_ Mother's Day in the U.S today. I won't tell mine, she'll expect another present
3	@davelakhani Did you get to meet Ace Frehley?  Love his guitar playing.  Not sure how coherent a speaker he might/might not be.
3	Had a great weekend... but ate too much I think..  I am looking forward to my trip to Hobart on Friday the 15th....
3	@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor..
3	@marypascoe thanks  i love the word CRIKEY it's like my sayin'
3	happy mothers day!
3	@CirkusMike tweetie is very good for multiple accounts too. Grab the Mac Desktop copy too if you have one
3	Happy mother's day to all of the moms out there! Don't forget to send a card!!
3	Happy Mother's Day
3	@nicktionary and its amazing  x
3	@NeNe96 happy bday to her  and happy mothers' day too
3	@ModelSupplies thank you for your comment
3	Currently in costa coffee  im liking this place more and more. Were sat in the business lounge. ooo were businessy today.
3	@melisadisti lol i hope i find someone to give me one too! lol
3	happy mom's day
3	@gh_rocks Aww how sweet you are
3	happy mothers day  esp to my mommy
3	@CimmiCSYMSOffic i think i'll pass the worm! haha, but good morning!
3	@jaded0ll HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO UR MOM JAH. TC.
3	@RobPattinson444 hello  i am ur biggest fan, and i rly carnt w8 till new moon comes out! good luck 2 u nd all the cast filming  xxx
3	@MrCrunchiebar  love the new pic! Isn't the sunny sky nice!
3	@drewryanscott Awww that's so sweet  Wish you could see yourz 2
3	@youngnatho LOL.  **BLows Kiss** did u Catch it daddY ??.. neways im chillin hun and u i see u up early have u been a sleep
3	actually loves nesquik cereal
3	its so nice.. I LUV KELLY...she's such an amazing singer  LUV HER
3	@nicolejacinto Ahh, your baby is so cute! Happy Mother's Day!
3	@verflucht Thanks
3	happy mother's day!!!     gr8 day
3	Im LOVING the #Squarespace Tutorial Videos, real helpful
3	Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!! You are wonderful!! Have a great day
3	Had a lovely Mothers Day
3	Goin to ma cousins soon, there dog is soo cute
3	While the family is out to Mother's Day Party, Shannon &amp; I took a stroll downstairs with the pram. She's bathed and happy. Me too.
3	You want ittt, you got ittt!
3	@dannywood we standing here meeting up with everbody!!!! Let us kno u kno where here! Love ya!
3	Happy mothers dat
3	like the sound of a tweet
3	@robertkazinsky so you should. You're a fantastic actor it's about time you got some recognition for it.
3	@Wattyz You got it! YAAAY!!! I was really worried your phone wouldn't fit, so glad it does!  Happy Mother's Day, lol!
3	i'm seriously lovin 'hometown glory' by adele. about to hop on itunes and snag it
3	Happy mother's day to all moms out there!  i just played tong-its a while ago.
3	received her first pressie. Happy happy.
3	@christinaof94 Lol  It's like you have a cult.. haha
3	@Lady_Twitster ohhhh, I love Morse, have every episode on video &amp; sometimes gaze lovingly at them
3	I have such fantastic friends, including several ones met through here! thanks for being in my life - you are such amazing people!
3	@fjkeogh Ha Thats good. Thats why I love my boys, cos they never stir up the hatred that the mighty red scum do  Everyone loves City
3	happy mothers day to all the beautful mums.
3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYYY!
3	winter flu has to twitter about logies to get noticed. haha. I love rove
3	Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there
3	finished english. very happy. watching rove and talking to one of my fav girls tyla. i love you
3	Happy mother's day everyone! still playing pet society!
3	has had a wonderful day with some gorgeous girls, followed by dinner and drinks with the Swedes
3	@blundell07 Aye, I loved it too  @cyntaxerror over analyzed it me thinks
3	@Laryllan not really ;D nice pic . @lenaaileen no but could u imagine those 2? ... i thought so
3	you are my apple and i wana take a bite
3	@MsFantastic776 goodmorning&amp; Happymothers day
3	@BaltarStar Hee! He looks totally drug addled and handsome.  Glad you found a clip you could view.
3	Great to be sunbathing in my garden.  And this afternoon I'll be watching ADO to see if they can win this important match (on tv).
3	Glorious sunny day in London town.. I'm in drama school fighting people with swords while protecting my romantically structured face
3	loves the smell of roast in the oven - thanks @sharnazzle for the ideas!
3	Hopes every1 had a nice mothers day!
3	i love you more than you'll ever know.
3	OK. break over. Back to the books. Have fun lovelies!  ? http://blip.fm/~5z8da
3	welcome to all new catvampees, enjoy the ride
3	We are having a day 'at home' today - which is proving to be rather lovely
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there
3	Awesome sunday service  God is for you, Jesus is praying for you - What can man do to you?!
3	@sh4rkship thanks for the follow
3	@asmita it is very cheeky one, but nice too
3	@Mariment @macangel @VisionaryEyes Thanks so much!
3	@nickmovs omg!! I'm tweeting sooo late sorry I miss u 2 good times ...NO I didn't marry him still great friends
3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
3	my darling dd says &quot;my mum is my best friend&quot;... and she told me to tell you all she said that in here too  so I did! love ya moo (jd too)
3	@ciaag3nt thats great  (((hugs)))
3	Happy mothers day! Be good to your momma's!
3	off to do some gardening and get lots of fresh air - i love Sundays
3	speakerphone with the bestie  love that kid http://tinyurl.com/qxyc2n
3	greeting again every momma : Happy Momma's Day!
3	@ClaytonMorris Thank You Clayton. Going to my favorite Greek Resturant after church for mom's Day!!!!  Loved you on Huckabee
3	My mom was happy with my present  yayy
3	@ash_786 It's no secret I'm an apple boy! Have considered the iphone dark side MANY times
3	is having a loungey sunday
3	@samjmoody @DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers day!! Xx
3	@madilovesmerder yeahh. i loved it how addie was being supportive  and in s3 epi4 when addie was like to Der &quot;dont hurt her again&quot;..
3	HAPPY MOTHER DAY FOR ALL THE STRONG HARD WORKING MOTHERS, MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
3	@JoelMadden People from England can watch this one  Thankyou
3	im an avid fan of playboy magazine and i love your magazines
3	@mzfuller8, @mynervouscharm, @littlebirds, @sonsah, i hope you all have a happy mothers day!
3	@makikaysantos http://bit.ly/izhdy  here looove.
3	@BenWay08 mmm but nothing i can do. lucky ive got great friends like u to cheer me up
3	GM Tweeters! Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and pretend mothers out there!
3	happppppyyyy mothersdayyyyyyyyy  mummy you are the best
3	@LisaHopeCyrus I know, she's great!  The Climb is sooo good!
3	Love sundays. Especially when F1 is on!! Still in PJ's, no plans to get out of them any time soon
3	http://twitpic.com/4wuko - This is 'Teddy Bear', we might be getting him - isn't he so cute
3	is loving the magic pens
3	@emilybaranowski congrads on engagement/bridal shower! sounds like fun for upcoming &quot;jump out of the audience&quot;  wd love to join in!
3	Happy mother's day to all the mums out there
3	@Maggiemelba Good morning hun! I will, promise  Glad you like 'em. Have a lovely day :o)
3	happy mothers day @ my mum  (also to my sis @kamyisonfire and my &quot;mum&quot; jess, ahah)
3	some relaxation. so much things on my list... but really not that much
3	Heaos keen for next weekend.        Mummy. &lt;3
3	had a great time celebrating mother's day  to me, being a mom is the best job on earth!
3	@Zanna85 Almost, almost.. Thanks on the &quot;good save&quot; Z!
3	@camillapierry better than throwing them out
3	rt @bact #barcampbkk3 for entertainment at night, bring your favourite mp3s .. there should be a way we can enjoy music together
3	is freaking exhausted...need to go to bed....gotta get up early YUCK....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU MOMMIES OUT THERE
3	photomedia ASSIGNMENT! thanku mum for the tea  thanku shower for making me feel clean!
3	Happy Mother's day; God bless you &amp; all mother's worldwide; mother nature...  technology emotion in motion...
3	Happy Mothers Day
3	is so  just made a card 4 my mom!!   can't wait to see the smile on her face when she see's it!!
3	@leah_dizon it's a little late but congratulations, leah  happy mothers day!
3	@SensationPT Sensation Ocean of White Portugal: absolutely amazing  Adoreiii!
3	@Stellar_MC string out the dress.. Work that into a track please!!! What do u have coming up?? I'm ur biggest fan
3	happy mothers day!
3	@Mike_Wesely he he   love it.
3	really bored today. just ate a bowl ful of rasberries and grapes, now i'm waiting for my dinner
3	happy mother's day everyone
3	@DebbieFletcher Haha! I'll try that next time he's up north!  Thanks for the tip. xxx
3	thankies  no pictures in yet...but soon!! M'off to wash up love, have a good satdee xx
3	@wossy http://twitpic.com/24mer - i like Mr Piggls I mean Pickles!!
3	@jaredmaine @kennedymaine @johnmaine @patmaine @garrettmaine I LOVE YOU GUYS! get your ass to australia in december for my birthday
3	Happy Mother's Day! It will be a good day
3	Happy Mothers Day! allergies are gay. Oh and I hope Miller has a better day too
3	happy mothers day to all the mothers, grandmothers, furbaby mommies, etc!  heading out for breakfast with my mom shortly
3	@harisn I love to Read  And i love Film making
3	Happy Mother's Day to all my twitter moms (including myself)
3	goooodnight everyone!  and Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there.
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
3	follow my dad @GeorgieBouy he wont have much fabulous2say,but it will make him feel loved
3	Happy Mothers Day, Mum.. Love you lots   1 month and 11 days to go.. AND 1 month to go for ma bby  love you Bash
3	Anyone knows a site like the Swedish site &quot;sl.se&quot; or the great useful &quot;www.tfl.gov.uk&quot;, but for Liverpool?
3	@Rtib happy birthday
3	to my pretty lady @nikkiwoods HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!! She's the mother of my future son-in-laws
3	His snoring is so annoying n it keeps me from sleeping (like right now, lol) but I honestly wud miss it if it eva left  I love him.
3	Happy Mothers Day  All my love
3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there, be you woman or man as long as you're 'momma' to someone this is your day!
3	@mopedronin bullet train from tokyo    the gf and i have been visiting japan since thursday  vacation/sightseeing    gaijin godzilla
8	When I got a record as a gift from a friend.
8	I wanted to go out to walk but I didn't know either where or with whom, suddenly an invitation appeared.
8	I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSA, because in some way we were helded by it, that means that we didn't go to any other place, because we had the apartment.
8	When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline.
8	I felt joy when I entered at the University.
8	A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved, sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday.
8	After making an effort to enter at University I found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality.
8	I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and discovered how many people considered me important to them.
8	I didn't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting.
8	The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding.
8	When people remember us and shows interest about what we do.
8	I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the \Knowledge\". There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect á|you with the essence of the human being."
8	When I bought my car.
8	The birth of my daughter.
8	I found a human \treasure\" that I desired and got immediately. I á|didn't think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I á|am whole."
8	One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts.
8	When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present, he was not obliged to do so.
8	When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend, coming back home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time.
8	I was in the living room at home with an ex-boyfriend, it was nearly a year that we had separated, during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss.
8	Always when I meet the person I love.
8	When I entered in the University after a year of struggles.
8	A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly.
8	When I met my mother after months of absence.
8	I got a present from a great friend (a dog).
8	When I can see my parents because now I am far from them.
8	When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire.
8	I have a new born child.
8	I felt joy most strongly some years ago, when I took part in a NH Competition and I was the first.
8	When my nephew was born. The birth was hard, it was a big baby.
8	Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close friends of mine.
8	An encounter with a man whom I love, after a very long separation.
8	At a success of mine, at a real achievement.
8	For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them.
8	When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life, and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the world's not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with.
8	When I passed the driving test after three failures.
8	For instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me.
8	I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour of a competition.
8	I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fiancT, I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then, I felt it in my soul.
8	That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian Conservatorie after I had applied a couple of years.
8	My boyfriend made me a proposal.
8	When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain.
8	When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me.
8	When you are satisfied with something, when you achieve something you have striven to.
8	Having passed an exam.
8	I'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party.
8	I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher Institute.
8	After each successfully passed exam I am happy.
8	After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me.
8	I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didn't expect it at all, namely at the beginning of September.
8	Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great.
8	Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They were special people to me.
8	When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years.
8	I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive.
8	When I found out that a set task (i.e. 2 essays and a test), the thought of which had oppressed me, were not on the date I had thought.
8	When, for example, I was in my eleventh school year and I learned I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad.
8	Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst.
8	Realizing one's desire, an experienced feeling of satisfaction from the realization of one's desires and aims.
8	I won a sport contest.
8	When my son was born.
8	Meeting a loved man.
8	I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University. I was at home, the atmosphere was still, though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and...! Yes, of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them.
8	When I was admitted to the University.
8	When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
8	A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
8	When I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University.
8	I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of practice, at a contest, I covered the norms for \a master of sports\"."
8	When I was admitted to the University.
8	When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively.
8	I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children Assembly.
8	Bulgaria won a football match against France.
8	I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born.
8	The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I can say those were the happiest months in my life.
8	I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty days.
8	When I was admitted to the University.
8	The day when my son said for the first time \mummy\"."
8	The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression, as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I don't exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me, it's out of me.
8	My son was born.
8	After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam.
8	When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often happenes.
8	I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me.
8	When I met with friends that I hadn't seen for a long time.
8	Six months ago when I got acquaintanced with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate.
8	When I was accepted as a student.
8	I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face death, that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient.
8	When I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child.
8	I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine.
8	When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for a few years.
8	When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is - I proved what I could do on my own.
8	When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).
8	I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard about it over the phone, I didn't believe it at first.
8	I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination.
8	I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute.
8	After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad.
8	I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry, I was very excited because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence.
8	When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl (who is now my girlfriend).
8	I feel joy usually after each taken exam, the last one was in February.
8	When I was admitted to the Higher Institute.
8	I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural Institute.
8	I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew.
8	Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second birthday.
8	I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long period, my father came back home.
8	When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten.
8	Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night.
8	Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of leaving the job only after 2 days employment.
8	Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.
8	When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last 3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council.
8	My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.
8	When my daughter was born.
8	Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the \paper work\" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming á|through the customs gate."
8	My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along too.
8	Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for pharmacy completed.
8	Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries.
8	Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling.
8	My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me.
8	Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.
8	When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.
8	A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the time for an informal \greeting\" in the church service. She said a á|few words."
8	My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted to me and suggesting we write, talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good - though really insane conversation.
8	Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again.
8	The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss.
8	First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally.
8	Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financial, physical, spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life.
8	Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill.
8	Won a prize for effort.
8	I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was \nice\" and he liked á|me. Hence the emotional joy."
8	Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other friends.
8	When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman games when I was eleven.
8	Easter holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left.
8	Getting my kitten, found at work several years ago, taking him home in a box on my motorbike, showing it to my defacto.
8	When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing after several months absence (I was not needed during this time).
8	At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends.
8	Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.
8	When my first niece was born.
8	When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank and danced.
8	Birth of children.
8	Thought had discovered true love.
8	Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better.
8	Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed terribly.
8	I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We are very close sisters.
8	When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met.
8	When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.
8	I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure.
8	A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.
8	Winning a race that I had been training for, for many weeks. (Running Race).
8	Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2 fourth movement at my sister's wedding.
8	Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months.
8	Talking with someone I admire a lot.
8	I was \best man\" at my brother's wedding a year ago."
8	Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage.
8	When I found out I had passed all of my university exams.
8	When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy.
8	I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.
8	Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave.
8	The birth of my first child.
8	I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night together.
8	When passing the final examinations for social worker.
8	A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday.
8	At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.
8	I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.
8	When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days.
8	When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very good and we were very satisfied.
8	At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.
8	When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final of the Europe Cup at Athens.
8	The day I finished my military service.
8	When I won the first prize in a cross country race.
8	When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about.
8	When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people and close friends.
8	When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy.
8	It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.
8	Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside, I started crying with joy.
8	When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together.
8	When I passed the driving test (on the second try).
8	When I started a relation with a girl, with whom I have fallen in love already some time ago.
8	I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to the second year course.
8	I liked to see off my aunt (from Zaire) to the airport. That appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasn't sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school.
8	When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school, I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail, but it appeard that we both had passed.
8	Passing my driver's examination (after two failures).
8	When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was pregnant.
8	Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of Nijmegen) for a while.
8	A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a draw.
8	When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a period in which he felt very depressive.
8	When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.
8	I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends.
8	This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a few years ago.
8	I thought that someone was angry with me but, by hindsight, that didn't appear to be the case, he even liked me.
8	A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).
8	When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.
8	Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed.
8	The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
8	\Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your á|uncle is coming back fron Canada next week,\" my father told me á|and it was a happy moment."
8	I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind at school and I was only in form II then.
8	My 21st birthday celebration, when I cut the cake and received the presents.
8	A recurrent lovesickness.
8	When I passed a very important exam.
8	I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.
8	Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me.
8	My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.
8	When I got my drivers licence.
8	Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense feeling of happiness then.
8	When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And most important she also liked me.
8	When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.
8	Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody.
8	I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week.
8	I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have.
8	When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.
8	After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one year in a foreign country.
8	When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to our favorite dancing.
8	When I made the winning goal during a very important football game.
8	When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks overtime.
8	I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free University in Driebergen.
8	When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently went to his family. We had a very nice evening.
8	The day I heard that I passed the high school exam.
8	When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I finished my last exam.
8	My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her and telling nice things to her.
8	During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded to play it very well.
8	When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a long time.
8	When I went to visit a friend in the hospital. She had to undergo an operation for rupture. I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain.
8	When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the Bachelor Degree in Plychology.
8	When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me.
8	On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me.
8	I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the station, while at first he had said that he would not do that.
8	For a few days I felt very miserable, distressed and listless, with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy, although there was no special reason.
8	When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have made a nice walk together.
8	One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends.
8	My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week the physician told him that he was restored to health.
8	After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination.
8	When I found out that the girl, with whom I was in love, loved me too.
8	Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my driver's test.
8	When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.
8	A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend. Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full speed.
8	A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything turned out fine.
8	When they told me that I had got a study grant.
8	When my father was saved from a severe work accident.
8	When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.
8	The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on holiday.
8	A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to the university.
8	When my brother was born.
8	When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam.  It made me forget all my problems.
8	When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for her all night, not knowing where she was.
8	After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.
8	The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final at Athens.
8	When I passed an important exam.
8	When I passed an exam which I had failed last year.
8	When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip with my friends.
8	When I saw that I had passed an exam.  It was the last chance and there was a lot at stake.
8	When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered from an illness,etc.
8	When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of separation.
8	When my sister was born.
8	When my little sister was born.
8	When I passed an exam.
8	I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain.   When he arrived at the airport, I felt great joy.
8	I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with it's difficulty.
8	When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good one.
8	When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a baby girl.  That was what I wanted.
8	An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses paid.
8	When I passed the university entrance exam.
8	My father had an operation which lasted for hours.  We were all very worried but it was successful.
8	I was studying in the library and a class-mate told me that she had obtained a grant to work in the library.
8	The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend.
8	When I pass an exam.
8	I thought that I was going to fail a subject and so I began to study for the final exam, then my friend told me that I had passed it.  That meant that I could go home, as I do not study in my hometown.
8	I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months.  I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there.
8	A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra.  The idea seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others.
8	When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go there, if I wished, in Summer.
8	When I passed my driving test, as it was the fifth time that I had taken this test.
8	When I passed the university entrance exam.
8	I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long time.
8	At a party, on New Year's Eve, I met on old friend whom I had not seen for some time
8	Every time, in the last few days, when my girlfriend told me that she loves me.
8	A party I went to last Christmas.
8	When I knew the feelings of a beloved person.
8	I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very funny.
8	When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.
8	When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till    the tour began.
8	When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining low marks, but they were much higher than expected.
8	When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned my love.
8	When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very long time.
8	I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person.
8	When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.
8	When I talk to my friends.
8	[ Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense, in class, in the street, at home, at the table..........]
8	One night, at a friend's place I realized that I had everything I most wished, around me.
8	When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of medicine.
8	When I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before.
8	When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film marathon I wanted to see.
8	The man I am going around with gave me a very special present.
8	When I saw a friend of mine, whom I had not seen for a long time and I had lost his address and telephone number.
8	I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a  woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found him.
8	I was on holidays, and I was going to meet a friend whom I had not seen for six months.  Again I felt very happy.
8	My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything  was all right.
8	Last course, when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had previously failed.
8	One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.
8	It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could at last be with the people I wanted to see.
8	I was going to my village, after having been rather oppressed in Madrid.
8	Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a long time.
8	When my brother was born, everything went all right.  It had been very likely that he would have a deficiency (my sister suffers from Down's Syndrome) and that my mother would be in danger.
8	When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one which I had desired a lot.
8	On my birthday, when I was given my presents.
8	The final marks were to be given in the morning.  I wanted to get there late because I was very afraid.  When I arrived there, everybody was very happy and I had also passed.  We had a wonderful time all day long.
8	On holiday, seeing the lanscape in Gerona.
8	When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a fortnight.
8	I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in an exam.  She told me that I had passed.
8	I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not expected this so I was very happy.
8	When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the examinations she was about to take.
8	When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after       a long illness.  I had thought that this illness would never end.
8	After going through much shame, I became a Christian and something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was manifest in me.
8	When I first passed a job interview.
8	When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA.
8	When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.
8	When I was accepted for further education, here at the university.
8	When I got first division in the exams before leaving school.
8	When I had my four children.
8	This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had  thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in all my courses.
8	When I was told that I had passed the exams.
8	When I learnt that I was selected for form I.
8	When I passed the grade 7 exam.
8	The time I qualified to enter secondary school.
8	I felt joy when I came to know Christ.  That is when I became a Christian.
8	When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the envelope and my eyes ran into two \B+\" - in EC110 and M160, this á|meant that I had qualified for a major in economics."
8	This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal and everything went smoothly, just as I had wanted it to.  It was contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her response.
8	I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition.  In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored  the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell down.
8	I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my school congratulating me for my performance at the previous year's exam.
8	My being admitted to UNZA.
8	My first kiss.
8	When I passed my form three exams.
8	As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more anxious.  My friend called me and said, \ You have passed.\"  My á|heart was full of joy."
8	When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.
8	My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months pregnant and that I was responsible for the \damages\".  This made á|me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine."
8	When a girl I wanted very much, said \yes\" and fell in love with  á|me."
8	I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first year examination and was among the thirty students who would major in economics.
8	When I was accepted at UNZA.
8	I experienced joy when I got the results - I had made it to the second year.
8	When my first child was born.
8	I received a letter of acceptance from UNZA.
8	When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.
8	When I received my promotion letter.
8	When I was accepted for my third year (G-10) at my former secondary school.
8	When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well in the exams despite having fooled around a lot.
8	After a long time (of no communication with him, physical illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected to see him.
8	My son was registered to get admission in grade one of the         primary school.  The chances of him getting a place there was 1/10.  Two weeks later I was informed that he had been enrolled.
8	When my father bought me a suit.
8	When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I.
8	When I saw my family after a separation of one year.
8	When I fell in love with \X\".  Overnight I felt confidence, self-esteem,    á|responsible and worthwhile."
8	The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected.
8	I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I had passed.
8	When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my registration at UNZA.
8	When I first came to the campus.
8	When I got my results - I had passed the form III exams.  I had not expected to do so well.
8	When I was accepted at UNZA.
8	Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday.
8	I felt vvery happy when I was accepted at UNZA for my studies.  I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams.
8	When I won some coins in a small competion.
8	When I was selected for the university.
8	When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a long time.
8	When I was selected for higher education, i.e grade 7 to formI.
8	When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to learn that it was me who was delaying things.
8	Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our suprise she had a baby 2 months back.
8	I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at UNZA was approved after it had been cancelled.
8	When I was with someone I love.
8	At my sister's wedding.
8	When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my lover and future wife.
8	I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last born in the family.
8	When I was selected to study here at UNZA.
8	I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year courses.
8	When I qualified for form I.  I was one of the three pupils who qualified for form I that year.
8	When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date.
8	When my brother gave me a watch.
8	When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my second year.
8	I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying colours and that I had made it to the university.
8	The first time I really fell in love with a girl.
8	When my sister's first child came home, after one week in intensive care at the hospital.
8	When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years.
8	For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very happy.
8	When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour.
8	When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday.
8	When I got my results ( I had made it to the second year ).
8	When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart for all her life.
8	When I learnt that I had been accepted at UNZA.
8	When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA.  I had just come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy.
8	When I was selected to this university despite my having studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days.
8	I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade eight.
8	My son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I.
8	When I received the acceptance form for the second year at university.
8	Our basketball team is undefeated in league play (4-0) currently.
8	I received a grade above average on a midterm (chemistry) and I expected onevery below average.
8	Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told me that although he told me he was going to take me to the concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed overnight and I said \well, when he leaves me I will be ruined á|for awhile, but for now we're together.\" I woke up in his arms á|and it was the happiest moment of my life."
8	I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God.
8	Finally being asked by someone to a banquet.
8	When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on my studies and do a M.A. , I was very happy.
8	When I passed the B.A exams with 1st class.  I was the first in the family to have got a 1st class, so all the family members were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study further.
8	When last year in college I received the award \Best Student of the Year\", á|  I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had á|been fulfilled.á
8	In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.
8	I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my birthday.  I enjoyed having that present.
8	When I got the scholarship letter from Australia.
8	When my elder sister had a baby girl.  She was the first girl in the family after 19 years of baby boys.
8	I was very happy when I passed and went to form I.  It was a great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the large number of pupils who fail.
8	After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA.
8	When I received the first year results as the first year had involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the results.
8	The computer at school had left out my name along with four others and I had no rights for one year.  So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list.
8	I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was working now.
8	When my girl and I decided to get back together after our separation.
8	When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine.
8	When my elder brother, who had gone abroad to study  for six years, came back home safe and in good health.
8	When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would be definately selected to the university of Zambia.
8	When I was accepted into the medical school.  Medicine is a profession that I have desired ever since my childhood.
8	When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola secondary school.
8	When I won the best prize in the National science fair.
8	When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after having been sick for a week.
8	When I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school.
8	When I was selected to the university of Zambia.
8	When I was offered a place in the university as a full time student.
8	When I heard that I had passed the second year exams.
8	When I qualified for form I.
8	When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.
8	When I passed and qualified for the university.
8	A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it     showed that she still remembered me.
8	When I heard that I had been selected for the university.
8	When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion ball.
8	When my parents complimented me very nicely on something.
8	When I got engaged to a boy of my choice.
8	When I passed my B.A exams.
8	Being chosen to do this experiment.
8	Doing well in the examn.
8	Getting into this university to do medicine.
8	Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend.
8	Going to a concert.
8	Good dinner on the National Day.
8	Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning).
8	Got a big fish in fishing.
8	When my boyfriend and I made up.
8	At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my friend.
8	During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an A - I was ecstatic.
8	When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while.
8	Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9 yrs. I was capable of achieving it, but I didn't know when.
8	It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.
8	I got an A in anatomy - the first one I have ever gotten in a science class here.
8	Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda) spent some time afterwards in her apt.
8	I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away.
8	Finished a difficult midterm.
8	Did very, very well on a Physics midterm.
8	When I won my car.
8	At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed eachothers company, while slow dacing.
8	Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys \Surfin'USA\". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL á|was good. I still have it somewhat."
8	Someone (a boy) paid special attention to me.
8	My last genetices midterm - a decent grade.
8	I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test.
8	Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year.
8	Going to Chico to visit a friend.
8	When  fell in love with my present girlfriend.
8	I got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago.
8	When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win.
8	Getting my accentance letter from CAL.
8	Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I expected.
8	When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL.
8	I gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy.
8	When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring.
8	Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt overjoyed after having received C's previously.
8	When I drove partially across the country with my father. We stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country.
8	The last time I had sex.
8	Reading a letter from a close friend who said he missed me and cared for me.
8	I went home and visited with my family and friends.
8	Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of separation from summer.
8	My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house.
8	When I found our my mother didn't have cancer.
8	Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two days, and feeling I did well on them.
8	When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley.
8	On my birthday, my closest friends were here at Berkeley pithched in a lot of money each and bought me ten records to replace some of my records that were stolen. They threw a small surprise party for me too.
8	I experienced joy at a friend's 22nd birthday party. We had good food, good liquid, good company, good music, and an overall warm atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well. I felt very content, warm and inspired just talking with her giving her a neck massage.
8	My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that we have a great new design - it's always the same.
8	Football was a very big deal at my high school, so I was joyous when my school's team won the conference championship last year.
8	I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did well on a test.
8	I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me.
8	I spoke with a friend on the phone who I haven't seen in many years. It was a joyful event to talk to him.
8	My old boyfriend - yes the same one - asked me out. We had a good time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took interest.
8	When I got accepted to CAL.
8	After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my first love called me and told me that he would always care for me no matter what I did.
8	I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played games and talked all evening.
8	Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for one question (the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer).
8	After watching the 49ers lose game after game, year after year, I was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me extremely happy.
8	I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage.
8	After much trouble getting together in the first place my boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary.
8	Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team at CAL)
8	Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work for a week at that plan.
8	When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.
8	A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many friends were present and good music.
8	I realized the girl liked to be with me.
8	When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
8	My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful future, who made me dream.
8	After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.
8	When my family allowed me to do higher studies.
8	I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.
8	When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my home.
8	When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy.
8	I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress award, while our play got the first place.
8	When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I had not expected.
8	I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks.
8	When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.
8	Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.
8	When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.
8	After completing high-school, I wanted to go abroad for a holiday.  I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken a holiday for a long time.  When finally my parents agreed and we got the airplane tickets I was over joyed.
8	Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes, without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for me.
8	When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in Poona and there was a big applause, I was overjoyed.
8	When I got married.
8	The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got engaged.
8	When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had strived hard during a period of financial, personal and physical stress.
8	[ I feel a sense of joy whenever I complete a piece of writing which is part of my work.  Intense reading also brings me joy.  I also feel happy when I reminiscent about them.]
8	When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial burden of the family was reduced.
8	When I was selected at TISS X.
8	At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel very happy.
8	The day I got a letter from the U.G.C informing me that I had been awarded the junior research fellowship.
8	[ When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve, I feel the above stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful.]
8	When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of me having topped I could not believe it.
8	When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy.
8	[ I can not recall one.]
8	The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.
8	This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood first in the university for the M.A exams.  A few days before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially.  So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success. á
8	Inter-national sports events won by my favourite national team or player brings me joy, e.g when India won the World cup cricket match.
8	When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in the competition.
8	I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage, even though we are from different socio-linguistic backgrounds our parents agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion.  We had  thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen.
8	When I was a student at the Institute doing my M.Phil degree, one of my professors called me before the convocation and told me \You have got the gold-medal (first rank) in the university and á|tomorrow you will be on T.V\"."
8	[ I am joyfull to be alive every night.]
8	My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before having finished my studies.
8	When India first won the world cup cricket tournament.
8	I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp.  We had shared our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated, we had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well. á
8	This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about the result.
8	When I got my B.Sc degree with first class.
8	This happened when I was in the 10th standard.  The paddy crops were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the well, so I was in a very sad mood.  I came to the conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field, just 12 hours after this it rained for one hour.  This was a very tense time and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure.
8	After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post graduation course, however the situation was not very favourable for me and I was upset.  Suddenly, Bombay university offered me a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies.  This happened last year and was very pleasant for me.
8	When I got my B.A degree with first class.
8	When I passed the 12th standard board exams.
8	After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the selected candidates list I was overjoyed.
8	I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 4-5 times.  Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck.
8	When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex.
8	The way this particular girl spoke, behaved, and reacted the first time I was introduced to her, I felt certain that something between us would materialize.
8	I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks.  I was very happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc (part I) examination where I got 71.5%.  This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life.
8	When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi (the Polythecnic). I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our family members qualifying for University level at long last.
8	After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in 1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the Examination when the results were out.
8	I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had longed for.
8	When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected to go to a Boarding secondary school.
8	Saw on TV China winning the gold medals.
8	Made a wonderfull new friend.
8	When you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all lectures again in English and everybody can come (not only English classes)
8	Winning a game after a long time of losing.
8	Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia.
8	I got better marks in the examn than many arrogant people.
8	When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M.Sc research, I was very happy.  This is because my research was based on this type of reactions and compounds.
8	This happened a year when I was having a hard time, I got admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission.
8	When I got the first compound through column.
8	It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy knew no bounds.
8	When I got admission in M.Sc (I) Organic Chemistry, I was very happy.
8	When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks.
8	The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U.G.C junior national research fellowship.  It was a dream come true.
8	I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.  Her arrival is always a joyous one.
8	When I was successful at my work I was full of joy.
8	When I received the best actor award at the inter-college drama competition.  It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for several days.
8	I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.
8	When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had passed. I was the happiest person.
8	When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy.
8	It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this Institution to study as a Medical Assistant.
8	There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a Medical Assistant.
8	When I was in Form 4, at Secondary School, I was elected as a school Library Assistant and also the leader of Catholic Students, so I felt very joyous.
8	The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences.
8	When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant Training.
8	When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at Kasungu town Hall.
8	My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind me.
8	This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to start Form I in October 1980.
8	I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of Education.
8	When I married my wife and took her home for the first time.
8	My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission.
8	The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School.
8	My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones.
8	This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination and was selected for Secondary School.
8	It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event.
8	It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents after being refused for three times on grounds that she should first write her examination.
8	This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didn't expect to fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money which was just like a miracle to me.
8	That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly 9,000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the L.S.H.S.
8	It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start form I.
8	Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy and full of joy.
8	When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate and was selected to go for Secondary education.
8	I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on the way home.
8	I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 months without seing each other.
8	On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe.
8	I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for Secondary School.
8	When I had an anticipatory honey-moon with my fiancTe.
8	When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the Radio cassette.
8	When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times.
8	I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony.
8	I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to her and at the same time she accepted my proposal.
8	Passing a very difficult examination which I didn't expect - MCE.
8	When I was selected to a University College of Nursing.
8	I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was selected to start Nursing.
8	When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college.
8	When I was selected to come here.
8	When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some weeks.
8	When I had my first boyfriend.
8	I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a University course.
8	I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out of 80 students hence I felt joy.
8	When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents.
8	I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.
8	I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.
8	I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things in this parcel.
8	The day I was told that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Exams and I was selected to go to college.
8	When I had passed MCE examinations.
8	I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.
8	The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Certificate Examinations.
8	A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him.
8	When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped, rolled over the ground.
8	The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania.
8	I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary school leaving certificate exam.
8	When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.
8	When I heard that I had passed my end of first year exams and I was ready to enter 2nd year because I felt I had failed as they were very hard.
8	When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school.
8	I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday.
8	When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.
8	It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.
8	I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil) from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.
8	I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running competition.
8	When my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from South Africa.
8	After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being selected to Kamuzu College of Nursing.
8	The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she had a child.
8	I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College education.
8	I received money from my father at a time when I was completely broken.
8	I was selected to come here (University, College) when I was least expecting it.
8	Accepted by the college football team.
8	Article published in the college newspaper.
8	Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through police.
8	Helping in the nursery school.
8	Got a present from my friend for my birthday.
8	Coming to this lecture and listen to you talking about feelings, I am so happy that foreigners have the same feelings as Chinese.
8	Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture.
8	You told me psychology can help people to be happier.
8	My parents came to visit me.
8	My friend told me he really likes me.
8	I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street.
8	Scoared a goal in a football match.
8	My class winning against another class in a football match.
8	Meeting an old friend from high school.
8	My old friend visited me in the university.
8	Scoring a goal in football match.
8	Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian Olympic.
8	Joining in a research group studying consumer's behaviour and helping the people in the shop with the sales.
8	China winning the Asian Olympic.
8	Being together with my best friend.
8	My best friend chosen for your English lectures.
8	Receiving a letter from a boy I care.
8	Finding out that I can go to your English lectures.
8	Getting into this university.
8	Getting into this university to do medicine.
8	Aticle published.
8	China winning the Asian Olympic games.
8	When I found out that I can travel with my best friend.
8	Finding out that I am not ill (not seriously).
8	First public speaking.
8	Falling in love.
8	Doing unexpectedly well in an examn.
8	Talking to a close friend.
8	Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the English lectures.
8	Talking to a close friend.
8	My father promoted to be a professor.
8	Found out that the girl I love loves me, too.
8	China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV).
8	Hear a very nice joke made by a friend.
8	Found my name on the list of attending the English lectures.
8	Did well in an examn just before my father's birthday: the best present I can give to my father.
8	Had a nice letter from my close friend.
8	Relatives visiting me.
8	Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures.
8	Found out my wife (girl-friend?) pregnant.
8	Receiving a nice present from my parents.
8	Article published.
8	Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I will contribute to China's catching up with the West in neuropsychology).
8	Going to a concert.
8	Talking to my close friend.
8	Finding out that the person I love understands me.
8	Hear my name on the list attending the English lectures.
8	Having a good trip on a boat with good friends.
8	Going to see a good film with my best friend.
8	Being elected as class leader.
8	Getting into this university to do medicine.
8	Success in university entrance examination.
8	Doing well in an examn.
8	Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me).
8	Finding out my name on the list for English lectures.
8	Made a wonderful driend who understands me.
8	Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games.
8	Talking with a nice girl.
8	Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time.
8	Being asked to go out by someone I care.
8	I went on a picnic to the country side park.  The beautiful scenary made me feel relaxed and every worry disappeared , thus the picnic was worthwhile.
8	I preached to a F.3 students in a gospel camp.  They thus knew more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus.
8	When I attended the concert of a pop singer.
8	When I had a good result in the certificate examination.
8	Yesterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me.
8	When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted.
8	When I first heard \I like you !\" from my boyfriend."
8	When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.
8	When I learnt that I could do further studies at the Chinese university.
8	I was accepted by the Chinese university.
8	[ No response.]
8	[ No response.]
8	I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his  departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.
8	When I could study at university.
8	My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly, I was very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed to care for me.
8	I finished my homework; an important task.
8	I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or athletics.
8	The day the results of the university entrance exam was published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited.
8	When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.
8	Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in a camp a few months ago.  We shared our feelings, notions and every hidden anxiety.  I thought that they cared for me and I was very happy and satified.
8	I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited.
8	I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing
8	I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.  Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got good results at school.
8	When I saw the certificate results, I did not feel very happy as I did not realize that I had got all the credits until my classmates pointed it out to me.  My parents and my relatives praised me and I realized that my results were good i.e 2A, 5B, 2C.  I felt satisfied with the results and was happy.
8	When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity.
8	When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly.
8	When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework.
8	Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me happy.  They are my closest friends and we had not seen each other for a long time.
8	I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and praised God in my heart.
8	I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.  Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully.
8	After a busy day I went back to my hostel.  I closed the door and had a drink, then I read my favourite book on the bed.  Suddenly I felt peace and joy.
8	I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my friends.
8	When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed for it.
8	[ During a certain period, I felt successful and extremely satisfied.   When I found that any tasks or decisions that I had made were better  than expected.]
8	I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had been admitted to the university.
8	One Saturday afternoon, I deliberately dressed up nicely (I had been in a bad mood of late).  I hoped to go for a walk in the soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits.  When I was having lunch in the canteen, two of my male classmates asked me as to why I was dressed so nicely (they had seldom joked with me before).  One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would look very nice if we wore them together.
8	It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till 8 P.M.
8	I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm.  We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends.
8	When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was surprised and happy as the result was better than I had expected.
8	I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number.
8	[ When my performance (homework or other work) is better than others.]
8	During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community youth center with a few other volunteers.  I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it.  During this period we got to know and understood each other.  We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival.  The day of the carnival everything was bright, the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it.  I felt extremely excited about it.
8	When high level results were declared, I found my candidature number.  I was very happy as I had not expected it.  As I had been  injured before the examination and I had performed poorly.
8	After attending a song contest proposed by a band called \Chyne\" á|we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in á|front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was á|time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall á|for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They á|were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he á|had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each á|other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We á|were together for about an hour and during this time we felt á|that they were very sincere."
8	When I received the result slip of the higher level examination (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very excited.
8	I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone houses in the New Territories (villages) but they did not have much furniture.  He took me to see his fields (I had never seen them before) and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected.  I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death.  My friend said \They will not die\" and I sat á|down happily and my trousers did not get wet."
8	During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close   friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my studies. á
8	That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My diligence had paid and I was very happy.
8	One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in the presence of my friends by giving me a present.
8	When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and  cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have  said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad  impression of me.
8	When I received a letter from the university telling me that my application had been accepted.
8	I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games.
8	It was the first time that I gave a birthday present to my friend.   She wrote me a letter as she is my girlfriend.  The content of the letter was so sweet that it made me feel very happy.á
8	In August,1983, the long awaited \big envelope\" (a document for á|C.U.H.K admission) arrived.  It was in the afternoon and I had á|not been doing anything.  When the postman, with his big bag, á|knocked on the door I knew what it was about.  I hurriedly á|opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe. á| It lasted several hours and only calmed down later."
8	I received a letter from a distant friend.
8	im a pro at bbqing like. everyone loved my food, apart from the tesco man who said he was in a rush  mabye he didnt wanna be poisoned? idk
8	Mom just &quot;he'd&quot; me. *sigh* She's wonderful, and it was just a slip, but you'd think after coming with for my surgery it might go away...
8	@clio_jlh LOL That's a special kind of magic, though! ;)  And did you see the special on Discovery?  They think Nessie died.
8	going to watch some tv now - crazy night out - up at 7am for work tomorrow  I'll live somehow! At least it means I finish early!
8	@Danny30011980 @Gavinmusic great pic,have to upload my pix tomo,I've no laptop tonight.
8	Sunburned on my face &amp; legs. Fixing to be my arms tooo.
8	I'm SO thinking about skippin out to NY in the morning. . . but all of my plans were for tonight  well . . . most of them anyway.
8	why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I get scared to try.
8	it's ridiculously warm in bed
8	@yesitsfiasco cool! ok yeah see i dont have the old files with separate vocals so im trying to punch em all up as one track(all i can do)
8	@snuffdigital awww  well I am here...just in case...I am not like THE PERFECT FUNNY FRIEND but I`m here hehe
8	also finally home with no friends or anyone.. kinda nice to sit in a quiet room.. do wish the gf was here tho...
8	@jonasobsessedx ._.; Thanxxx ! Now with that message I just wanna leave !! )= ! BYE !
8	may have unintentionally snubbed someone due to my ineptness/shyness. feel badly
8	@kvagur  haha soooo party tonight???
8	@LMontt I went on a Disney Cruise when I was a kid, but the characters were on strike so there weren't any
8	@donnyosmond Very excited as we have just booked tickets to Vegas (we live in the UK) can't believe the  price of the show tickets
8	@KarolinePaixao EPIC moment! hahahha i swear.. i really wanna see it
8	@bobbiepen yeah, I was always changing my hair color in High School.  I've pretty much worn everything LOL. Some good, some baaaaaaaad
8	@yahyan  yahyan: @supremacii iaaaaaaaaaaaaan, i was just joking
8	is rockin' a minivan til the STi is ready. I miss it already
8	@clouddancefest It was truly awful
8	Come on, man, give me some slack!
8	@JonathanRKnight I feel for you  I hope it's a smooth flight. Be safe! Mucho amor from Boston!
8	@Ashcoates its been fun so far, but its nothing like a festival altho we did have a cider this afternoon, but only the one
8	@flossa  have a glass of cold water and meditate a bit. &lt;3
8	@Jamieed i hope its earlier. september is along time offf
8	When are @alyandaj gonna release another album already?!? I miss them
8	Had Sbarro for dinner and Krispy Kreme for dessert. Mmmmm! But so not very healthy.
8	@KirkDunst not cool.   Hope you feel better. I went up there for breakfast buy you were gone.
8	Feels like throwing up!
8	@martinhavlat Dang! Wish I could go  I have tickets for Sundays game!!
8	Going out to eat with my entourage, probably to Fat E's since they're closing tomorrow!   watching a movie with Jimmy tonight, text me....
8	@montiAsutton I wish I could really do that  I love having u around! Ill see what I can do.. ;) try to use that national champ pull lol
8	Im a loner  haha suckss
8	i wish i could teach my dog how to play xbox!  alas...no thumbs
8	Great, just great. #Cookoutofthecentury and my wife's tummy hurts. Just. Great.
8	I am so full. No more food tonight... I don't want no cake and ice cream at this party.
8	i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me
8	Watchin 'how to lose a man in 10 days' wiv mum  lol
8	YES!  I have my e-mail down to one window (most of which are marked for follow-up on Monday).  all the dang paper still here tho
8	@darkkiller101 I miss you too!!   And don't say &quot;damn&quot;!!!  lol
8	Headed to see friends new baby. Gave up trip to the lake cause of dance class. Such a good mama.
8	@catrionat7 Lol I Sed Want to Not Ach Dress Up For No Reason. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee Im Bored.  Lol
8	hahahahah i woke up at 9 today.. totally missed lecture and the quiz  open lab was useless. chipotle w/ silvera and jenny was greeat 8D
8	Finally got a date for the bonfire tonight. Kinda last option but whatever. None of the chicks I wanted to go with never texted me back
8	So much to tell-Only blip is her immune system hasn't recovered-not yet a newborns. Give it 6 more months.  But that's nothing.
8	Six feet under theme is on jjj
8	bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow... got to clean the house when i get back
8	no so sad about that  i'm from MALTA have you heard about it ?
8	I woke up and my hiccups came back!
8	BBQ's gone well ! Weather stayed good which is a right bonus. Just off to bed, training in the morning at 06:30 then work
8	i miss k_ris punking me everytime we hung out and effnng me up
8	is  wishing work was done soon  &lt;3
8	@kimble09 yeah   but I'm jus glad the thunder stopped .
8	Definitely need to work out after this business trip- too much free food and alcohol. I'm sure I've gained a few pounds.
8	Thanks to my assignment im off to work today!
8	another great workout! but I'm feelin kind of funny
8	word is marlon brando gave him 25 cent . . . yeah , tha GODFATHER
8	Is helping out at church pianos +stairs+gravity= heavy
8	I just want to watch my Naruto Shippuuden missed episodes.
8	@selenagomez bananabrain2 got hit by a car and got screwed! : O, 32 oepn wounds, a broken finger, broken toe (both toe and nail) f**ed up
8	i have problems wih pizza..ii love it too much..i'm so addicted to pizza  and Dot Dot Curve. &gt;
8	@rachyzilla still haven't been to the infamous liverpool store  my manager helped set it up said it's awesome (y)
8	@becckysmith aw no!  yeah I must say, it was very good haha
8	639 baby! GOD ITS SAD REALLY  oh well lifes a partaaay! xxxxxxxxxx
8	so ready to go home
8	Im had to leave early to go to piccolo practice.
8	@JayDoub Hello, im good thank you - tottaly tired, been working lots today...tottaly shattered!  what about u
8	Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun
8	@samchannah @juliedeborah Beer is an excellent excuse. Earlier i was sweating god knows how much! Not looking forward to working tomorrow
8	my 43 quid lastminute.com Secret hotel at heathrow is surprisingly nice. No soap tho
8	playing at my old school playground still the same except them lame ass got rid of the tire swing
8	OK, time to head into Urban Outfitters to see what catches my eye, then head home, since this rain is hindering any more pics for the day
8	@devidev im stuck 2  this when my la love turns in2 road rage lol
8	Is cold  Mind you I have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. I don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
8	@TheShoctor @pezhore @O3Visuals @N9VLS Victory! Now I just need to reinstall all my damn apps.
8	Watering the plants at home. Drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded.
8	is going to forgo Pub Night with the wife tonight. Tough week for both of us and neither is really up for it. Plus our neighbor died
8	Just realized it is friday and b/c of a party I don't get to go racing.
8	wants to go swimming
8	@fly_meaway I'm sorry hon  I know how it feels though...I'm usually crazy but at a family gathering I'd probably hold back like that also
8	@TweetTwang gotta check with the bro on that...and mine is a girl
8	wants to cool down
8	toy story 3! june 2010. i can't wait that long.
8	@dotboom  i am defiantly watching it. I was at work  when you were streaming and had to leave.
8	@naomijlea good job I have the track in my head, cos sadly can't access it, boo
8	@Jasiurl YAEH! THANK GOD IM HOME!...it suekd and we were kicked out of a church.
8	K, just finished my last 2 clients for the night. Going home alone  Thats ok I need to be alone, must find inner peace.
8	RIP Attack Attack!  MTV headbangersball? really? and now you are inside the &quot;goth&quot; genre, wow, I'll still be seein you at @warped09 :/
8	@LeeGazeprophets white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the enw drummer  youre mean!
8	@mysolis Aw, sorry ur day sucked!  Did u see my post abt car issues? LOL I think it's safe to say it can only get better tho. Beer-thirty?
8	@vicki_xx :O really  well if u want, we can go 2gether next yr?
8	white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the new drummer  youre mean
8	DotA is an addiction...i waste 6-7 hours playing dota
8	Meeting up with Karen and the boys for some drinks at The Dock!!!  All I wanna do is drink though..    fuck it like Andrea said! Haha
8	liz just left  aww it was so good to see her.
8	@joe_g1986 a price drop would be nice  I want another one for a backup/blu-ray player.
8	@tatianafrosario omg wow  I hope everything is ok now
8	@xoxo_emily  i wish i was there to hear that!
8	Rehearsal is done  we had SO MUCH FUUN. hide&amp;seek tag and we learned BOMB DANCES , going home and doing hw maybe!
8	@DomCorleone  oh hell yeah lol. im a vegetarian tho but i still cooks the mean =X im a traitor
8	people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair.
8	Ohhhhh what a line
8	@jenniferdodd I'm out of town next week   We'll have to party when I get back. Happy early Birthday!
8	@Tatylicious Hey chick!  When are we going to JA to pick up some hot guys and eat Jerk pork and festival? Well you already have a hot guy
8	I am so glad it's Friday. I just got off work and I'm so tired.
8	@DizzyMalfoy ouchie  Did u take some Excedrine? Thats the ONLY thing that kills my headaches FAST!
8	@sheelovewood aaaau thanks gi  , I really really love u.Thanks for being a really great friend.And forgiveme if i leave you sometime, ?
8	@ greengoo: Haha, I don't have any  I have decided to see if making a grilled cheese on a George Foreman would work well...
8	Hubby needs a vacation  Thank God we're leaving for Myrtle Beach in a week!
8	@GravyFloid Amadeus is the best Mozart movie. I got kicked out of high school chorus, missed a trip to Hawaii.
8	@amandalaur that would be awesome i think, i hate how expensive phones are
8	@fifleaona I work in a room in the middle of the office, thus no windows. We call it the programmer cave, I  can only imagine the sky.
8	trying to upload one thousand photos!!
8	Missing my morning work out cause my bench press is back in Jakarta  goodluck diga! Test will be easy peasy! Hehehe
8	Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh friday..and I work tomorrow
8	@cnolovechild YAY!!! I think I found it and a few more
8	@mitchelmusso WISH YOU COULD CALLL ME  DO U HAVE A UK MY SAY NOW NUMBER? UR ACCCE! X
8	I need to look at apartments tomorrow
8	I have an awesome picture of happy pint, but it's not sending
8	@mnrmg I am doing the same  I want to travel a little!
8	Well good job to my two cousins that are graduates! Good luck in life!!!  &lt;never wear your pajama pants to school  &gt;
8	@starrjonze that's the prob, i work from home, and the bed's calling, no, screaming out my name! had really strong coffee instead
8	@RamEsRock  rompes mis ilusiones con lo de thrasher haha
8	Glad to be home I wish I could make @CBrown7785 feel better
8	Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note, @AmeeC3 and @Zelenski....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined
8	@Dannigyrl Fabulous. And I didn't get that pic  Gmail be acting the fool sometimes. Can u DM me it?
8	@glennbeck we can't wait to see you too! pls come back to iowa it isn't the same at the theatre
8	Romeo and Juliet were very much in love when they were wed. They honored their vows, and where are they now? they're dead.
8	either my inerne is fucked or my mind is but i'm pretty sure that it's the internet
8	@sugafactory omg me 2 !! Haha i was half an hour late 4 work whoops !! Hahaha i h8 workin sat mornins
8	@rgoodchild yeah it made a great noise, and tripped the house circuit breaker. Good Times. $200 worth of parts too
8	@JPuno Good to see you back. Sorry that happened to you
8	getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
8	@RoboRoxy @lulzlix I'm SO jealous! I don't know when I'll be able to see Conan.
8	Jon made one of the greatest dinners ever: roast pork tenderloin on a bed of wild rice on a bed of mixed greens &amp; yummy sauce. No wine
8	Im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
8	@talk2donboy LOL well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now
8	hey im back on.. but msn won't work  darn msn haha. can't stop thinking about 3d movie haha!
8	Oh.  The voting is over!   But don't worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!!!!  &lt;3
8	@TheKellanLutz OMG i want to go too!  hahaha
8	sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
8	@AnnaDiFilippo have fun without me pasty  &lt;33
8	@ReminisceSmith im only on 1800  lol
8	@Colie5cent $300 later... I feel so good! But guilty
8	@mellalicious I have to call stevie to reschedule!!  I won a competition yesterday to the launch of sims 3 at Luna park, same day at 6pm
8	My best mate found out that I am moving. She doesn't understand I wanna do something with my life; Leaving to go to Uni..
8	@Cadwaladr omg yes!!!!!!! but I have to get ready for work early tonight  I have payroll distribution duty
8	so bored  Gonna go to the Carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. Excited for that, but very bored today.
8	@cassetetapes  shareeee.
8	@zachsang  do it at like like 9 causeee im babysitting haha or you should call me causeee im kinda bored right now
8	@spookygirl what a great project!!! Wish I could have done that with DD1. She's too old now.
8	@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - awww it's a shame that your all flued up  but apparently it's realllly good stuff. good luck f ...
8	at least two to three times a week i turn on the tv, find comedy central already on and have to endure a brief moment of scrubs
8	@ce_ci ewww poor you  wish you all the best! thank God there is Rolland Garros this month isn't?! ;P
8	I think I already regret telling rick I have an xbox... I'm losing him to that and twitter..  you still want it jimbo haha
8	This day jus keeps getting better and better  FML
8	Prayin for dad  in Wellington, FL http://loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @furman27).  I too live in welly. May i pray f.. http://bit.ly/lB9SN
8	Ate huge set of Appetizers. full now
8	@loonyboi You rule for doing this! I bought the second game at full price and lost it in a move.
8	@spjwebster wish @njwebster was coming too  I guess we can make time for you though if we have to ;)
8	@grypes noooo! Little piggies.  i'll vote anyway, hmpf. We need to hang out soon pls. :hugs!:
8	I really want to go see UP!  haha. Tooo cute! (:
8	@LadyRedCrest @miss_hazy  Have safe trips! And Indy is my home
8	@Gemma_Rigby Well my neck hurts from moving out  you massage me, i massage u?! lol!
8	@JadeSkylar - oh, COOL!! D. I'm going to like a bunchh of JB shows this summer... I am so broke now though  haha
8	@dougiemcfly good show for you guys .. i wish i could be there to see you
8	@eric_extacy lol i know eric, i wont delete you! just people i dont really know and never talk. and bands
8	@MitaliandMe thanks for trying
8	@KelseyJ_xo  hey chick u alryt u at dads tmoro we sud do sumin aen like last week we neva dun oot this week lol  missed you ha bye hun xxx
8	The Hangover: That movie is gonna be hilarious. wish i could see it with the crew
8	@ce_ci Im not reasonable... It's 1:35am now and gotta wake up early tomorrow on my first day of holidays!  have a great evening!
8	@DelbertShoopman Good luck with the footage - none of the stations are breaking in live with it
8	Mom says I have to get a new phone IMMEDIATELY....off to T-Mobile.  she paying....
8	@KennyJ88 that was good . but mean  haha
8	@vickytcobra ohhh wonder what happened?
8	Here's a big moan for Dave Leyrock... IM UP IN 8HRS!  pity me! Coloursfest ahoy xo
8	@ghaliia Mabrook @iamMishal inta wain wil diet wain! @p0ach ma 3indi funoon
8	been in bed for two days with migraines
8	OMG Great Day Today Went To A Art Thingy  And Noe I Really Want A Zune HD  And The Bed Part Its Raining  Come Out Mister Sun
8	My whole life has come to this......incredibly amazing
8	Cleaned out my Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer
8	I hate not getting e-mail's  going to do other stuff now...ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold :S) soooo night xxxx
8	Back home after a funeral for my wife's grandfather today.  Now its time for homework
8	@StoneBrewingCo um... thats my favorite beer!! why must you torture me so when I can't make it down there!!
8	to the doctor  anyone wanna do somethin after for a bit?
8	Going home to enjoy what is left of the day - I can't believe how quickly this week flew by, no time for tweets
8	@MsHollywoodDiva hahahaha your watching 106 too... i miss Oceans 10...
8	Off to ambers...a weekend of labour and hard work ahead!
8	@NikkiBenz cool !! actually i believe T.I. has just begun his jail sentence in arkansas
8	LauraA22is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy
8	Nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous
8	new favorite group has to be J*Davey Hi&amp;Low is my shit. why don't the really flygroups come to Miami hell Florida? And no Rock The Bells
8	@Candypants2 we did! They came out cold  The cheese sauce was good, though.
8	@coebooth Just got it a few hours ago! So not yet!
8	@jeanettesanchez lucky you, all we've had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
8	acsvxdcbgfn soccer now. shall see young phoebe after D: I don't want her dressed up though
8	of course im almost there and theres traffic
8	@bjolly086 Now, I can't call your kitten by its new name, because Ryan makes fun of the way I say kitten.
8	@iliveinbetween i graduate at 9am on Sunday June 14th...
8	... I want to die. I want to TAKE my own life, forever. She's trying to get me to do a duet.
8	I'm all stuffted up but I gotta gets up &amp; go netball
8	Ugh.  Las #vegas airport is at a &quot;ground stop&quot; which means I'm stuck in the plane on the tarmac (again) at LAX.
8	Having internet access on board means I can see what bad weather we are flying into   http://bit.ly/h14Tw
8	@kemiFRESH i mean we mite do sumthn.... what u doin hope i get 2 c u b4 u head bak
8	@alexxxpatterson we won't be in town  email me if there is another one though.
8	Um. Why can't I write smut tonight? I like smut. I want to write smut. Yet, nothing. No smut.
8	Ok so any ideas of what to do tomorrow to make it fun? Cause i dont know what to do
8	@catrionat7 Yes yes Is. Ima Guna Be On For a While Lol.
8	7pm and I'm just now leaving my desk.  And just last week I was on a safari. My how time flies.  What's good for the weekend? JBII
8	@ToxicSociopath awww. well before we know it youll be back visiting XD we will hang out constantly and have another heartbreaking goodbye
8	I REALLY WANT TO GO TO artesia , cerritos on sunday for QUEST! LOL. imma die if i dont
8	@caramp lol you saw where I was going with that...both of my last names are to common nothing special on me
8	@DirtyDizco Maaan if I wasnt in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
8	Just got out of work
8	im full. i had a tripple thick chocolate milkshake from mcdonalds now i feel sick
8	@SuperNinjaMax noooooooooo my parrents found my stash
8	@celebritystatus wifeyyyyyy  me no likey u siky
8	@doodleworld  Thx had a great day &amp; gonna have a long weekend.  Excited yet I'll be missin my tweeple badly.
8	hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today !
8	Still working in the database and trying to decide what I want to eat.
8	@wildcurl7888  Well, I still can't wait for the one shot.
8	I want Crimson Gem Saga.  I will just go play RF Guerilla demo repeatedly. I (Mission Failed - YOU DIED) so many times from dicking around
8	is sore from weight lifting  However, it's the good kind of sore that gives you man-boobs you can move with the power of your mind alone!
8	@LisaSpangenberg sadly @Dawno isn't me. It's some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update &amp; hasn't used Twitter since May 1, '07  I wanted that name, too
8	Writing this paper is a lot harder then i thought . LOL
8	Saw the UCLA bookstore...now convinced that every single major university has a better bookstore than @ASU   Having fun so far!
8	I'm at the anime store iat rivercenter going crazy at all the Pokemon stuff. I wish I had money
8	Jeff was right! Call of Duty pwns. Now i just gotta figure out what to do with this xtra copy of Wolvarine I bought earlier this week.
8	Is too hot and tummy ache so can't sleep  lots of chem to do tomorro but at least bgt final to look forward to!
8	Was outside playing ball with dogs, now all hot and sweaty
8	Apparently Paige is partying with Rose Jenn and Adam again, without me   My child has such a wild imagination.  ;)
8	@laurabolger Lol what do you mean? I thought you were going to London for it? xD and it is yea  Xx
8	wishing Ro was feeling better
8	http://twitpic.com/67x8k - WITH MY FRIENDS WERE IN OUR WORK
8	today was GOOD  , that little girl hollie in bgt , just me or complete sympahty vote  ! how cute is aidan davis :L? tweet me  x
8	@bztak1020 actually, my friend gave me the files today! lol but those are all CDA files... do u know how to convert them to MP3?
8	Hey #YEG !!!!! Anyone goin to the Edmonton Energy game and wanna do some live updates? PLEASE!!!! They dont post live scores
8	@_everblue She actually posted again to say that it was the 2nd and not the 4th, so nevermind.
8	Not going to Suffolk tomorrow.   However, now MB &amp; I are planning a picnic on the Mall with friends Neil &amp; Jodi.
8	Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though
8	@susansediqe soooo over ppl telling me they went to the tonite show!!!  Ive had dreams of meeting him  I'm embarrassd of that a lil LOL
8	At natalies just finished work. Had the most AMAZING peanut butter sandwhich EVER. &lt;3333 I miss your faceeee
8	@chris_shields06 good job!  I wish i worked in a zoo
8	Doing homework and then going to bed, have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
8	Watching &quot;P.S. I love you&quot;. Eating chinese food. What else is there to do when you're home alone on a Friday night!
8	moved the first load of stuff into @cjloe's garage for storage.. now for round two..   me and guys move into our new place on Monday!
8	night night twits! im so glad I will be waking up to a saturday off work!! printer has broke though
8	Launching fitness video blog with @kimidreams next week, featuring Polar watches, can't afford @bodybugg 's 6 weeks, video every day!
8	super frustrated, and taking it out on the one's I love!   I love you, Paul!
8	going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
8	City Dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...I remember y I miss  LOL
8	@Sabrina1989 I thought it was a simple one  I found it hilarious.
8	Weekends are Great....if you don't have to work them.
8	i was so bored i decided to iron all my baju sklh. thn i realized i hate doing tht. so all i did was iron a sleeve HAHAHA. im off to schl
8	@dnbchik ohhh that cant be very fun    but hell you manned it up!!   looks like you got some shit done today!!
8	Writers:&quot;They just make me wonder,why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people?&quot; I like writing
8	I'll probably have better photos up later today. Took some picks with my big camera too. Camera phone = blury camera
8	Dayum, tweets r coming fast, so likely missing a lot.    Plz DM, k?  Oh, is @rod_stewart 4 real?
8	the plan was to take a nap (yea I'm still feeling last night) then go watch lakers game smwhere fun. looking like no nap
8	@strawbleu Sounds like a useful tip, I most certainly need some stability after this week
8	I need a bear hug  and Im going to camp today!!
8	@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too.
8	@MariaV_ST vaca!! buuu sigo en el work
8	@JammieAdams No you are not having my favorite drink without me  lol
8	@giselle2323 - Hopefully he won't discover all of my soap opera tweets.
8	I need words of inspiration  where's @iamdiddy and @RevRunWisdom when you need them??
8	@Linooo Ahhh!  I knowww! I saw it May 5th and 6th in Newcastle and it was so good!!! I'm soo excited for 6th June, as its my bday aswell!
8	@staaceeyy weeooow, i feel fat.... i remember when i used to weigh that much  pfffffffffffffffffffffftttttttt long time ago, hahaha
8	Feeeel like ima die! Now on my way to rainforest.  !! I need a girls spa day ASAP!
8	Setting up bookmarks on my new Blackberry Curve. Now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime!
8	Sushi w/ @ryan888 well cooked veggie for preggo me  now onto Trolley Car birthday party on McKinney Ave. I actially feel awake for once!
8	@Wonder33Woman Yes I did see Mitch Hedberg and the whole floss thing.  He's hilarious.  I &lt;3 him.  Poor guy
8	@ktml nice work buying coda dude! It's a great app! Unfortunately, I bought it when it was the full $99USD  #jealous
8	@tarraxo I'm not sure.  Btw, YAY FOR WICKED TICKETS! That's awesome! When are you going?
8	best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
8	did not get to go see UP!! Oh well ended up going to dinner with Blase and Bridget!
8	@dino2gnt Yeah, I'm getting ready to go get pizza. Then nothing to do  Maybe @hazard_2gnt will want to play Xbox.
8	@soxdeepinstatic  i know, i would've liked to have been able to play with you all spring semester  meeting was good, just an introduction
8	Drew's new songs make me cry.  I miss Thomas already!
8	i have to be at work at 5 am  ... thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
8	@showtime757 I wanna go
8	wishing i could go to CaBo tonight
8	Oh, but Grease is on VH1! It's almost over, though  http://myloc.me/2215
8	it's too beautiful to stay inside
8	Finally eating unagi I've been saving up for a while! +udon :] AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like!
8	@AuthorSaoirse_R Drive-in!? srsly!? *jealous*  I have never ever been to one.  there is one down the rd, but it's no longer operational :|
8	hooome from work. why am i awake still? up in 5 hours
8	On way to grab @DeejaySpider @ airport. Listenin to #thebeat. There's noooooo way @djflipout would play these mashups.... AVH would be
8	so I just had a violent fightclub like sex dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. I didn't wanna wake up.  lol.
8	@kidcatastrophe so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can't believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
8	@Beauabroughton shud up! lol my device thing doesn't work
8	Friday!!!!!!!!!! Wooo and nothing to do.  Nuggets better pull it off tonight.
8	I love it when it rains on me when im golfing
8	@vasilly thanks.  I'm self so I don't see the &quot;my Account&quot; area.  I'll have to dig deeper it seems
8	There was no traffic at all on my way home and all traffic lights were green.Im afraidIowe karma a big check
8	@emilygrace_BHB I went to that concert and I remember Derek and Mark were hosting! I miss seeing BHB  at the grove.
8	@hannahgramm Haha damn you not inviting me
8	I am finally plugged in to listen to Flashpoints on http//:www.kpfa.org shoutout @norabf and have missed the segment about Chevron
8	says Morning.  http://plurk.com/p/x34ap
8	i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over
8	just got sold out from UP
8	joooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! studying!!!  to be readdy to go to the party!!!   If they let me go!!  jajaja I think yeaahh!!! \m/!!
8	@DD714 Ahh man, and im off NEXT weekend
8	@BBKwieen all of em! Hahahahaha sry
8	Made it to Wisconsin... Now off to Golden Corral again! dang! lol we missed the graduation! tho  Dang!
8	@lolbethie that sounds great right about now. It's ridiculously hot in my house
8	@Aphrosie It would still involve me standing up. lol. Windows are too high up. Guess im just gonna have to go out
8	@WayneDaStar that's a mess  I'll look for it next week
8	Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause I'm gonna miss the laker game!
8	So much happier, despite my looming departure
8	Fun Friday night planned...... Spent at work
8	@JanuaryParker hey they do have that  but these never bothered me before.
8	i'm probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch &amp; not an iphone  ghetto? haha
8	Listening to nin and working on my break. ALMOST as good as being at the show.....  rock out extra hard @SarfaBarfa
8	wishing I was attending #beatweetup I even bought a badge
8	hi from chile!!! It's 9 deg C  winter's coming....cant wait for cali sun.
8	@Hockeyvampiress glad you have a squeee moment good for you-- I just got bills in the mail
8	Rushed to get to ups and they close at 7... I got here at 705 after making a wrong turn
8	@FenterZ hahaha your gonna beat me again  LOL at james sahal and his &quot;stunnerbum&quot;
8	Oops forgot to shave my legs!  Byebye to my favorite cousin   Bklyn two nights in a row... We go hardd!!!!!!!
8	Bought some little plastic personal wine bottles at Jewel, perfect for rooftop boozin'! Wish I didn't have to wait so long!
8	@davidaldrich_wx Did you see the color of the sky and how it looks in Philly??  It is yellowish/orangeish/brownish looks scary!!  lol
8	@Atashas your sister would ! hahah thats so funny !! i thought you liked them
8	been working all day, finally relaxing!! i miss you
8	@Anthony_y_Tony I had Pad Thai 3 times last night  ragoons LOL yumb
8	@jeseekuhluv Yea I think I waited to long. oh well. thats cool. I should have signed up for more but I'm already done with core classes
8	The nocturnal serendipity... Kashmir is an important means to that end...
8	@LovelyAaris That's not fair! I'm hungry as hell
8	poker night instead of kate voegele.... i guess it'll do....
8	@LizMyxx okay...just eat cookies &amp;&amp; not share with me lol
8	@spootychild omfg I have been DOWNING them they are so tasty. I ate almost all of them with Lo
8	passed my drivers test! i can drive!...oh wait, i don't turn 16 till october
8	@mfrancella I have yet to even get out to play this year  soon I hope!
8	@aub311 Dang me too! It's only a 4 hour drive! Too bad it's my daughters 1st bday party  it's hosted by Donnie
8	@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can't find her on Twitter.
8	a reply from @zackalltimelow would  make my life, he replies usually to the people who call him gay, then he tells them he willblok them
8	1.2 mile run and 450 meter swim, things are looking better and better... Laying off the bike today
8	@Charified sadly, I don't   hehe
8	@BuggysRose  Haha,I just may do that,yo!
8	@momfluential That turtle on the side of the road just passed you, too.
8	Feeling like Romeo and Juliet with Bryant and Wallinwood as the Montagues and Capulets...   #fb
8	@PerezHilton well even with her breakdown she was better than the other acts unfortunately! Britain's got very little talent
8	1st- TY to those who follow back.  2nd - grrr to those who don't, cuz it messes up being able to follow others u want to when ur at 2000+
8	inFamous on the PS3 = AWESOME. My eyes are so sore now though
8	@owenong looks good ... making me hungry but boy stll asleep
8	Hey had some fun with friends !!!!!Now cleaning
8	@saramcdonald23 soooo jelous of you right now
8	@iAlejandro: unfortunately not.  I have to take it to a repair shop or replace it.
8	@dopequrlbree Awww  You'll Be Fine...
8	@funkylovin ah mine is never home before 8   I handed off the kids and grabbed the bottle of malibu and a coke..momma getting drinky :para
8	@katabolickatie not on my tv !    im watching a that 70's show marathon !
8	@shawnsafaridon lol, i've done that one b4  i'm a victim 2 that! lol
8	Mosque and mini-golf! haha I tied for 1st. It looks like the Yankees aren't playing tonight   but I'll just play Fifa! ~Zade~
8	i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???
8	@pleazurs Woot freaking hoo, tho Mad World isn't doing well on the iTunes top #100 chart.
8	Am now a member of International Thespian Society Troupe #6492!! Now if I can only make my family stop fighting....sigh
8	@Lea_Ada_Franco I am working again!  Woo hoo!  Alas, I was unable to obtain an Elita-1 for your daughter.  It's $80!
8	the good thing of having a fever is feeling cold, especially in such hot weather. I think I'm hallucinating lol  .
8	@cassapel Damn, I got all excited for nothing  hahaha
8	tomorrow valeria's lunch!!! going to get my hair done but im arraving late   got my cousins babtizm or whatever you spell it
8	You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico... not E3
8	enjoy the laker game for me guys! since i'll be at work
8	@ a_mccallie WOW... I am replaced already??? I thought I am coming back with my steaks
8	@Jonasbrothers friends of mine just meet you today..... I can't wait until it is my turn
8	@Edit4321 cont...and then it goes to waste  no one likes stale sweets. That reminds me of this cute song called Stale Cupcakes lol
8	they were actually there omg apparently a relative of marc went to my school lol
8	@shortcakemlt the movie on the plane is Mall Cop- (but i saw it with the nephews already
8	@PassionMD hahahaha! i haven't been out with my friends since sunday! i'm so lame
8	I haven't gone sheesha smoking in a loooong time  Maybe tomorrow? &gt; *starts planning*
8	@Jon_Aston Still looking  I filled out quite a few applications last week and once I get home I'll continue.
8	@JESS_TRUESDALE lmao! you a mess.  Im gonna be in ATL in a few weeks
8	@xoshattered_  i missed you. today was the greatest day ever. im burnt and shit lmfao. but it will be a nice tan. 11 rides in 6 hrs!  &lt;3
8	@skoduri I SLEPT THROUGH MY ALARMS  woke up at 6 instead of 4  i feel like a complete tool
8	@mileycyrus cool and aww
8	OMG! I'm Back. I Know I Was Out For A Week. Because My Brother Took His Laptop With Him To Mexico. So I Couldn't Be Online.
8	just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet
8	screw it lemme click on a ticket. preetttty sure i can make it. might not make it for vermillion lies opening tho
8	@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month early than we do. booo
8	@jmallen1012 aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
8	Double rainbow above the Organs. Pretty, but doesn't take the edge off my $460 grocery tab.
8	@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month earlier than we do. booo
8	No more high school...
8	victory for the bulldogs was celebrated by 3 white chocolate cheesecakes  nom nom nom WHATTA FATTYYY
8	@souljaboytellem holllaaa.. i dont know what ur up doing but im trying to finish up some work for school... bout to go to bed though
8	@_everaldo on my MacBook I run Linux with Parallels and on my iMac I use VMware Fusion and both are great, especially in &quot;Unity&quot;-mode.
8	I'll go now.I'll watch teen nick!
8	@saraLDS Thanks for that, Sara
8	@Tony_Mandarich well welcome back from the dark side!
8	@sai_shediddy lol , you gotta share too
8	first up, make up for lost time with jelly. Jalan jalan just the 2 of us  and the rollerblading with my pumpkin. Happeh
8	@redrobinrockn next one for you!
8	I cannot wait to go to FLORIDA!!
8	Welcome @doeko ! Really glad to know you here. Your products rox man
8	All zombie songs are now dedicated to @HAMMER32  ? http://blip.fm/~5jbib
8	is happy  and clean, squeaky clean
8	@Tottie Thank you, thank you!! Thought this is where all the cool kids hang out now, hehe  xoxo!
8	@aruky Yes, this NBA song is great!!!  Got an old funny NBA cheerleader remix song. Ohrwurm of the day &quot;colorblind&quot;.
8	NEW LOGO! for all the Web, Cheak it!...gAllethOo
8	@deuhlig thanks for sharing
8	@khodgkin1 Oh! Good idea about putting them on ice cream
8	@girlfromthemoon ...i had a yay moment today  YAY hope you did too!
8	@DonnieWahlberg sounds like you all had a great night . i'm glad it was successful
8	Thank god camera fixed itself. I want a new ipod
8	Woop, have just bought the Elliot Minor album on itunes. Its finally working for me!!
8	@mikebreed There's a reason why they're so cute at times - to prevent you from throwing them overboard when they scream every 2 hrs...
8	@nicolesssss  no, dayuuum 5o'clock was better
8	@DavidArchie I'm watching some of your videos in YouTube. You're funny David.  Oh and TALENTED of course!
8	@VIbeauty we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!
8	nothings better then going out for chinese at the supperinn with ma fave cousins at 1am
8	New @shackletonmusic single bought! It is awesome!! Well done boys!
8	@amyyyxoxo ahh I gtg but pls help me with number 3 I'll come back later to see what u said  haha plz and thank u
8	@zhayrar lol well thank you
8	Can't wait for SYTYCD tour with Ashleighhh &amp; Izzayyy
8	finally gone!!!
8	@CeesDope_  ahhhhaaa bangbros.com! psshh nigga its all about onionbooty.com
8	good job!
8	I love the sunshine and the happiness it brings
8	@heyrbk ohh shardup! hehe. hes hot lah, gotta admeeet! bleh.
8	@living_autism BUT on the bright side you're on twitter! Morning!
8	@Petty01 Happy Birthday and cheers to PAO!!
8	@geoffsays Thanks for the link Geoff
8	aaahhh, showers are great
8	i won because im awesome
8	@gerdiend Woman!!  hope you have a relaxing monday as I have, cu later on this sunny monday @westerkerk
8	finally having my cup of coffee!!!
8	Just hangin out at home, watchin twiligghhttt ( and readin it (AGAIN!!) lol School sukked today Bahaha
8	@brittannyy14 yea i know right! i love that song!
8	@antsrants it's driving me insane!  all i want is a lie in!!!
8	For @mizhalle  ? http://blip.fm/~5jbp3
8	@carmenforward no way - those are great words.  Boys don't get to own them.    Oh and was it your bday?
8	Hi all, just recovering from a party, looking forward to an exciting bank holiday around the diy shops...life cant get much better.surely
8	You won't believe how long this took to achieve... Still all done and my car is happy again  - Photo: http://bkite.com/0783l
8	omg, I never knew that Wikipedia also lists the shades of colours, it's cool
8	@mskiannathediva  He's awesome... Have you worked with him before? He's a good friend.
8	Well Done , Visteon Belfast, 2 years salary paid. Just shows what happens when you stand up for yourself
8	its my bday!!! I'm gettin older!
8	@DavidArchie I tweet sooo much about you. Gahd.  Hahaha!
8	@williamduncan the archetype thing was for a comm. class that studied archetypes in popular media. reading your links now, thanks
8	@algibbs thanks for that, now i learned something new today  enjoy.
8	Hey Dubbo RSL turkey roast circa 1995. Know it's been a while, just wanted to let you know I still think about you from time to time
8	@SashaKane I am absolutely craving a brownie with ice cream right now. FedEx some over!
8	@iloveicetea haha when is it? good luck babe  &amp; UPLOAD A PHOTO, WILL YA ?
8	and these awesome tweeples too!  @xoNessCullenxo @xoJasperHalexo @xoEmmettC35xo @oxTanyaDenaliox @xoEsmeCullenxo
8	@DavidArchie OK David, talk later  Have a great dayyyy ay ay ay ay
8	Enjoyed the Waller reunion very much! The Wallers are back in town
8	@hrcolors Maybe it had a hot date with a nice little Cesna.
8	@kyspeaks  Yah, they have footlong sausage too mah. But Halal place..piggy sausages are bigger
8	@galacticfaerie Sounds great. I'm looking forward to it then
8	@moonfrye LOL and that's why I use my iPod touch
8	hehe tweet time... bastos talaga chux
8	...love and wanted to share with my followers. feeling inspirational. ive had a long day.
8	@velvetella Bye ! Have a great time being whisked away
8	@BoomKatt yes yes I AM, networking whore to the fullest.......and this girl is rih next to me
8	ohh. i didnt double tweet a while ago, did i? now i did.
8	@alicedric can't wait for it. i love your scripts. honestly, you should have a future career as a script writer  - Stock Twits
8	@DavidArchie if you don't mind, change your profile pic with a picture of you in UK. It'll be fun
8	@MrMaxROI Hey, it's good to see you here! Will now follow you. Would be nice to have a photo!
8	just woke up, no school today, we are free
8	im still waitin for my girl to come home...i wanna go shopping
8	Tweet you later, have a wonderful day.
8	Got my braces tightened today. Then I got McDonalds! HAHA  Sport tomorrow yay yay yay! Netball tryouts.. wish me luck to make the team! :l
8	@Rosiecosy Thanks for sympathy. It wasn't too bad until about an hour ago when I started thinking of the appointment tomorrow.
8	tafe was actually quite good. for once
8	True to form, Bank Holiday Monday looks like it might be rainy. Hope it holds off til later, family&amp;friends plan walk and picnic today
8	@MODELCHiCK2 thank u soooooo much lil mama xoxo
8	@DavidArchie Yeahhh you do that lol
8	Not really  but its work so yea kinda
8	@oliyoung it's stable, faster than 2.x and working.
8	@wickedgirl24 glad you like it
8	@RealBillBailey haven't read that book, but heard of it. Feed, spay, love is a great motto for pet owners  although there is more involved
8	Photo: Great night.  http://tumblr.com/xmo1pgymj
8	would like june the nineteenth to hurry it self up, as she is waiting very impatiently to see wes carr
8	@robinmeure &gt; &quot;live Q&amp;A 24/7&quot;... definitely the best part of twitter for me
8	@amber_benson  Woohoo! Well Done! I started Macarena-ing too
8	@jkreeftmeijer Yup theory is GREAT but the reality is beyond imagination...  I also made the same planning not knowing VS will FAIL on me
8	Bank holiday mondaaaaaay   Exams tomorrow  D:
8	@vene2ia Thanks!  I am doing good... Did you read any of my blog posts?
8	@Gennargh I also have a brain tumor called Jeffery.
8	is excited. Lots of good things happening work-wise here in Melbourne
8	recovering from mexican fiesta. Had a bit too much of a good time!
8	New baby arrived yesterday. A fab baby boy at 2.8 kilo  Very proud and happy
8	which is why i can't wait till i move out of home and life by myself next year  WACKY ADVENTURES EVERY DAY!!!!!
8	is choosing to do britney for the dance showcase! yesss  cant wait. 58 days....
8	#musicmonday Nicest Thing from Kate Nash
8	still awake..doing my assignments and playing virtual farming
8	@vene2ia Great!
8	I think more people would buy the Slap chop, if the commercial was like this: http://bit.ly/vQIUf
8	@BearNoiz Played An.World, played Flashback, played Starcon 2, played Fallout, played every Psygnosis game out for the Amiga and the ST
8	just watched JONAS. It was funny.
8	@damohopo Come to Rochester with me and Nikki. Beer and a Hog Roast always helps.
8	@mariekehardy this will make you feel better. Will down a cocktail or 2 in your honour. Now get retorting  http://twitpic.com/4j91r
8	badminton marathon tonight!  please cooperate feet!
8	watching a movie and rocking my baby kitty who is asleep in my sling hanging from my neck. So cute
8	@PeopleBrowsr nice new profile picture! Glad to see some friends in there
8	@DavidArchie  AWOOOOGAHHHHHH!!!! heheee hope you get some decently priced breakfast real quick, David
8	morning everyone! another dat of school
8	@shaundiviney THATS BETTER! lol
8	@JuwalBose oops, eldhose bhai uploaded the same too, Did you read the hindu's article on BarCamp? Binny rocks man
8	@ginny9577 I'm researching NYC stuff.
8	supernatural is back on tonight !!
8	but omg mummy bought me ice-cream!
8	@deversum good morning Hazel  caffeine-shot?
8	@niuts14 Our weekend was also great... two friends of Julia were here for four days...
8	I'm excited for the things for Jay's room to arrive
8	Ah. Bank holiday morning...reading Elle in bed and getting excited for a roast dinner in Sheering later
8	really really wants to go and see Coraline.
8	@pixelbase @steverumsby I care about Eurovision! And yes, they have a 50% jury-based vote this year  #eurovision2009
8	because he @the_real_nash wants to be an honorary Filipino  i'll follow him now ;)) thanks @daxvelando!
8	looking forward to coffee and driving tomorrow. really
8	@Emmmaa___ haha was it good? i bet it was
8	mmm  eating tostitos &amp;&amp; piknik with spinach dip from S&amp;R. &lt;3
8	Cuba trip booked
8	@chainsawchelsea If it's any consolation, you're definitely one of the hottest GG's, IMHO
8	@khali_blache Night! Doze well.
8	@DonnieWahlberg  &quot;donnie rocks&quot; if u could only here it my 2year old runs around every where sayin &quot;donnie rocks&quot;
8	http://twitpic.com/4j95z - I don't know why, but I LOLd.
8	@merdujapon Really all that? I'll look for it and will report back
8	@Somaya_Reece naw missed it and the video cool looking sexy
8	@maydbs Its looking like June - nice right?
8	Prom was awesome.
8	Joey's getting a new lizard... This should be fun  x
8	9100 tweets....just living the rockstar life one tweet at a time.
8	possessed beyond certainty that she has made the rite decision
8	@TerriCook  Well I hope you have had a good weekend and even more so have a good day at work 2moro its already monday here,so far so good
8	@RealBillBailey good moring mr bailey, it is my birthday today
8	spending a 'girly' day wif my four big sisters! shopping. pedicures and dyeing eachother's hair. ohh yeah
8	@johna404 Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	Would really like to buy death note 1 &amp; 2 later this week  I loved those movies!
8	@ELLISNYC we should all be down to earth. don't none of us walk on water  I'm just some horny nerd trying to find my way thru life lol
8	@Abbie12 Thanks! Welcome back!
8	@roel247 Thank you good sir, it has been a surprisingly good afternoon, very productive
8	@Ryanimay Welcome home!  Glad you made it home safe!
8	i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less, im quite proud, now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
8	Ay dios mio! 2 weeks left of college!!! AH CAN'T WAIT!!
8	@mileycyrus i dnt think i can ever get tired of&quot;The Climb&quot;its just 1 of those sngs u'll always remember  ...
8	@eltonmcmanus  &amp; to you matey
8	I go to &quot;User Experience Roundtable Hamburg - Detlev Fischer on Accessibility, BITV Test&quot; https://www.xing.com/events/333622 Don't miss!
8	@mnoxon The fans have found you!!
8	just got back from the long weekend
8	Watching Dr. Horrible with @Bobwieck. @jenhansen don't be mad!
8	Weekend is over :\ Hope you all had a great weekend
8	Sleepy Tabz is heading to bed.  Fun night! Listened through the next episode of Joss'd!
8	Hello  Back to work today after a week of vacation !
8	@roynuj thank you  Feel much more relaxed now that everything isn't as scary as in the beginning
8	wlcome @johiw44 - i'm proud of my girlfriend
8	Just finished studying for Abnormal Psychology. Eek. I still have two more days. I'll do more than fine
8	toodaayy!
8	@JennaMadison Ooh, coffee!  Great idea...  want one??
8	@amber_benson Looks like fun doing the Macarena with a live band!
8	I know what would make me really tired, put me to sleep and I would sleep good!  ...RICE!!! Lmao!
8	@jnacool I dont understand sensex..but wow!
8	Good day today tomorrow will be even better
8	@djinfrared Sounds pretty cool. Great job man!
8	@jasonhoun Haha of course! That's my favorite album of all time
8	@LadyAnne525 It will give me lulz from time to time.
8	@EMarketingGuru Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	dinner was awesome. Im so happy my mom enjoyed her bday  I was able to spoil her yay lol
8	@thakkar I knw maan! i was gonna say the same thing. We both would become omelettes and others would become chapathis
8	@pokr thanks for the retweet  poker is the best card game on earth
8	@QuestCon That gave me a great smile. Nice way to end the day. You are so right
8	lovely night of steve-o and family guy. off to bed.
8	@feedmecupcakes I just wanted to say, that you have the best screen name ever. That is all.
8	Ah, the bank holiday shift at work. What fun
8	@HOTTVampChick Excellent, he will never know, lmao.
8	Wrapped up some html/java work now spending the night dabbling in some flash intros
8	1 more day!
8	@rajrikhy Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	I've been slacking on the blips... but a nice mellow one before I go to sleep.  ? http://blip.fm/~5jcfo
8	@prieurdp awesome... let us know how the cloud setup goes, I'm very keen on trying it myself as well
8	yeah so Prom Night is now the Craft (good movie)
8	@hokulii Thanks. End up going to Makino Chaya
8	okay, really going now...STOP MAKING ME LAUGH LIKE THAT!!
8	@Airbase woOt!
8	Kicking like crazy.
8	morning! just got my coffee
8	@zombiegrrl99 thanks, i feel a lot better now.. but it hurt like hell!!!  good luck with the lousy student writing.
8	Headed up to WMC for the day. Hopefully I'll have enough time to swing by Chinatown on the way home. I'm in the mood for duck!
8	Watched Yes Man, it was good  http://tinyurl.com/dbrc88
8	it's a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it, so cheerful!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jckp
8	may the fourth be with you! happy star wars day
8	@Mandarific well on a day off you owe it to yourself to sleep in late
8	@miss_tattoo Hey girl. I'm a new follower - I think it's awesome you've gotten the chance to get so close to Donnie. Very cool!!
8	Just got back from the karaoke bar in the metreon!!! Watching millionaire matchmaker
8	@dannnnnniiiie lol brandy and mr whiskers is on
8	@onein36million Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	@Karen230683 morning  hope u r well.. i'm off to bed soon!
8	@pauliniunia its the best show EVER!
8	@AlviHalderman Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	Monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! If I was a lady of luxury I would start every day like this
8	@barbsaka I love finding regional groups of Twitterers! Glad I could connect you with a few new people
8	@alivicwil She's so funny!!! I wish she were my grandma
8	The sun is shining
8	@amber_benson Loved it! You continue to delight us Amber.    Great job on the backing and the video by @adambusch. Kudos.
8	ehh i need a break. gonna do 3pg essay 2m before work at 5. going to bed now. gym in the morning! nightttt
8	@jaackyx ha you'll do fine! just be positive!  &amp;aha i know huh. wht a long conversation. i remeber you and allyson did even lnger ones! x]
8	@mafraederscheid did the house sale go OK? Hope so, really like your daily painting today, have a creative day
8	@Amaury_Polanco Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
8	@alsprincess I break some rules and don't take tension for them  .....
8	MY GOSHHH :3 A NEW FOLLOWER  hi there! i won't rape you! i lie. &gt;:]
8	@girlwhoshould but it's fun when they blatantly ignore the advice
8	Editors read this and nod, writers read this and take notes.  http://tinyurl.com/crm4c2
8	@xMyLifesAStoryx well uhm i guess u pretty do now dont u? lol but it still sounded good
8	@DebPenner Deb,, I am looking forward to exploring simple=ology/Mark Joyner.  I'll be back in about 10 hours.
8	@DarryleP Am busy yes...But then always am. Hope you had a great time traveling.  Where did you go?  Welcome back!
8	Getting my self a nice cup of tea and turn on some music
8	@StDAY Dude, that is eerie. Good song though, and a good movie.
8	Zelda Fans!!! pand_i - Zelda: The minnish cap, and a want for more music taste: Zelda = epic  I&amp;#.. http://tinyurl.com/d7jvop
8	@jason_2008 Well, having to revise them!  Was to do some more gardening, now, I guess hoovering and some warcraft  Not played in a week !
8	@SteffaniYu haha! i see...  go, wear BLUE! ) heey, ur watching JONAS! hahaha ) haven't watched any ep yet.. hope it shows here soon!:p
8	@gi_ri_ja good morning, It's nice to see you!
8	@magullo thank you alot
8	chillin with the neighbor
8	So happy that it's FINALLY May!    The Indy 500.  Was there for the horrors of 1973, yet I still remain held captive by Indy's spirit...
8	Really this time. G'night. I have my new song of the week in the morning!
8	Built a mini CDN over the past few days.. only has 3 locations (AU, EU, US) but it has GeoIP - quite fun to meddle with
8	But on the bright side...no school
8	@cosmicgirlie good luck!! How exciting
8	lol haha very funnyyy lol im talking to my bestfriend ashleyyyy!!!
8	@bbrooke yeah surrrrrously. we win
8	Waking up early to go to the gym
8	@codingvictim nice to have you back
8	at school... can't wait to get  out of here today...get my tattoo at 3
8	Having rice crispies this morning  Brings back some good memories!
8	woo well done nadine
8	That's the Birthday Boy's iPod Touch and DSi set-up and sorted. Just to think I would have been happy with a ball + boots at that age!
8	@AmineB perfect!
8	@CHIOMA_ yeeeee  Haha. The funniest thing is when dudes that cant ball bring their hot gfs along so they can watch them get murked!
8	@interpunkt wow that was easy! Thank you
8	@Trekkygeek Aye, May the 4th be with you
8	@mzjennx uhh, congrats for your two years anniversary
8	Off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today!
8	@janevans35 LOL I love my MacBook too. Oh and my iMac. Can't decide which I love more. OK 24&quot; iMac trumps 13&quot; MacBook
8	Laying on my bed. ONE spot smells like vanilla.  awesome
8	@ohmoss curing le hangover from an epic night, bruised 'n battered from a hectic go-karting session. pretty satisfied thank you very much
8	Getting the FAB portraits ready to upload today
8	bed time! night yall!
8	@MikeyAllStars  We are of like minds this evening , my dear!
8	@myucan91 wahahahaha!! i wanna naaaaa!!! well...hapit na i guess. hahahaha ) yes, now we all know!!! hahahaha lol ) NARN! haha joke
8	I like airports.  I can't fucking wait until friday! I want it to be friday right freakin now!
8	Awake still O_o, breeding for perfect or close to perfect IVs on a pikachu  don't know what that means? Google it or wait for my articles
8	@akmourad Hey what's up? My name is Caleb and I'm your newest follower!!!
8	do some research for my article
8	@cherylberyls okaaayyyyy... that was very informative.  proves that digestion doesn't take place in the throat i guess.
8	Yay! Good way to end the night.
8	I proudly declare that i no longer haf 'live fish' phobia. Lol. I love em fishies..
8	chillin with christina and diana
8	@joek949 I'm okay thanks. No job yet but I'll keep going until I get one! Are you actually following me yet BTW?
8	Happy Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you!  Nice that we get a holiday to celebrate  #fb
8	@prayagn I think we have it pretty much figured out. @adawada added a box in the Helsinki group where you can see the tweets
8	@Cody_K Why thank you ver much!  I appreci-fuckin-ate the compliment. I do my level best, you know. Can't let mother down.
8	@heyshanny I can't wait either!!!!! your so welcome  YAY!!!!!!!!!
8	@larainefan She does especially Pink ones LOL  What beautiful creatures they are!
8	Ill have a photo up tomorrow! Kay
8	@crazytwism haha.. good for you
8	Bit of soul time 4 this mama  will visialize next living environent. Speak soon.
8	@ProudKiwi thanks for the message - just worked out how to see them and reply!
8	@DavidArchie See you on may 16!!
8	Cape Town is beautiful! Sun is shining, amazing landscape and everything is &quot;easy going&quot;!
8	in the airport!!!  only 8 hours til hoommee!
8	Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the 'BEYONCE WEEKND' coming soon.
8	no school today, teacher cancelled the lesson  chillin'
8	went to eastgardens and saw a lot of hillsong pastors there Now im going to Nicks for dinner. Cant wait to talk to you soon @sherrymacs
8	nice weather today in Alex
8	Dhellohannah5 can you please follow me  i need more followers haha
8	Now I have to think of things to say    And before that I have to make super chunk chocolate muffins with my kids
8	@Jonasbrothers Cant wait &amp;&amp; Cant wait to see the 3d concert experience (i live in the uk) the was the trailer at the cinema yesterday.
8	@shakedxit23 I'll save you
8	Eh, I've gotta go to bed anyways. Goodnight.
8	Is ending the day with another walk nice walk and then some gelato
8	Monday morning lying in bed instead of working is great, more bank holidays required
8	just woke up with a cat in my face  haha
8	Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://tinyurl.com/c9ryqc
8	Heeey, we won ice hockey....we are winners!!
8	@marismith - just took over the #1 Most Endorsed spot on twindexx.com - thanks to the endorsement by @danholmesiMIND
8	finally leaving this place! woohoo! school time!
8	@Lauratheexpat isn't a bit of little britain in all of us?
8	@pandalion WOW! Totally awesome! Action Guinea Pigs! Want to go and see it now, NOW! Do you think we'd be allowed to take Lance?
8	@techvideo Hi, I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube... Feel free to have a look  www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
8	@threatbot It's going to be a fun night and I'm helping host it!!!
8	@Enchanted_Doll Yes! I live in Milwaukee and would love to attend a closing talk
8	Finally sleep time
8	lol  Check this video out -- New Minute Maid Commercial http://tinyurl.com/cplt7p
8	ok that is a simple smoke generator ... but works and mae a spot relly more interesting .
8	@xMyrthe you writing fanfic? me read!
8	Happy Star Wars Day, may the 4th be with you  my lil' 12yr old bro is at home playing with a lego AT-AT and dozens of stormtroopers.
8	@johnreppion also thanks for coming and playing the party games! The pics are good
8	@LoveLoyaltyLife Very impressive  I'm the same way. 100%
8	1 lovely one before waking up
8	FINALLY have a working (subbed!) copy of Pika?Nichi.   Heeeee.
8	@robbcox that made me laugh.  Sorry Grets, but you are not going to the Pool Room.
8	@3mr_amr i'm here  haha
8	mondays agenda: last class/final of the semester, work, sorority meeting, happy hour.
8	@epicsoul believe it or not, SPOTTED DICK is an english dish   http://tinyurl.com/aq8zg
8	@NimbleRareFox wow that's quite a long time for studying  Good luck with the job hunting though.Yes also a Mac user (iMac) this side hehe
8	yaayy, cannot wait for today girls!  gotta get dressed this early, because were going early!
8	Good morning
8	All moved in to our new apartment. So exciting
8	I  have always been a sucker for the sound of an acoustic guitar!
8	I AM OFFICIALLY CELEBRATING MY 400TH TWEET. Wow! I am so proud  Its great.
8	Watched Kunguma poovum konjuma puravum... Liked it very much!  excellent cinematography!!!
8	good morning world
8	@ohmonika babe text me your email address so i can send it over
8	loves it that the first Monday of May is a Bank Holiday!  http://plurk.com/p/roxar
8	@emalyse David Aaronovitch is always worth making an exception for  (Good morning, by the way)
8	If anyone know anyone that made aliyah with the help of Nefesh BNefesh please contact me. I would love to talk with them.
8	Design galore! Yayyyyyyy  progress beyond my imagination. Now...to get my flattie to sort out the Internet to send orders out!
8	it's nice to leave the office when the sun is still up
8	Brian is teaching me soccer!! Lots of fun
8	@TheAppleInsider I will later today since I have a planning for today
8	@girlsmadethis i want all kinds of designer suggestions darl  any and all. mens, womens, anything! formal/street/alternate. whatever!
8	It's raining that fine rain!!! U know the fine rain that wets you the most
8	Morning Ali a big thank you for yesterday love you always xxxx. You out on the bike today? Don't forget to get a helmet ok
8	@mjasenn i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town
8	May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day twirps!  ROFL
8	Going to shopping place thingie! BRB LATERZ!
8	@taufiqz I watched that too! I liked it
8	@kadambariyer thanks.. that was quick..
8	@flickstack hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i'm listening to varsity fanclub surprise surprise  sway sway baby is awesome
8	@rosieroserosie can't believe i wasn't following you! am now  have an anatomy prac tmw so tonight i'm all about structr of the lwr limb
8	@chaddlesm Good Luck
8	thanks for the raspberry-Laced Vanilla Cake
8	Also with the not driving part i could afford a laptop. Also living with a roommate i would save even more
8	@ddlovato Your second episode of Sonny WAC was on in New Zealand tonight. You were (and still are) AMAZING! ily  xx
8	morning prayer meeting  how AMAZING is the gift of prayer!!!  i'm completely buzzing this morning! In christ alone my hope is found!
8	@surfnmusicexpo Yup, but what they going do??? He's the Mother Effin Champion!!!! LOL
8	@sabrinabryan hi my name is Chelsea and i respect your opinion when it comes to dwts. you were great on there too!
8	me and my friends are just sitting here and searching for pictures on google   haha, my friend found pictures of her father! haha
8	Up and washed  I'm clothing myself as I type xD WOOOO
8	@XoGraceoX hahaha im listening to SHES A LADY! haha ily FTSK    xx
8	Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you  (via Nige the Goth)
8	Morning all. First tea of the day, and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern Druidry. Good times
8	just made it home, time for a shower and some breakie, off out to Blackpool later for some lunch
8	who has a day long text conversation? me.
8	And the sun is back up again.  Could we have more of the kind of weather we had last January and February? I like jackets.
8	hahaha @IkeBot is SUCH nonsense
8	@foxmarta Look forward to seeing the resume!
8	@InLuvwithJON Have you managed to breathe since getting the news?
8	@khanserai I know how you feel!On the bright side, you're moving to a place where it would be appreciated!  Onwards and upwads!
8	@KevinRButters i was in chiangmai for a month last year during loy krathong. best festival ever.
8	@amysav83 yeah dropped the bike yesterday.Leg got caught below the engine.bikes not got a mark on it mind   I'm trying to avoid stairs lol
8	http://tinyurl.com/d7tb38 Nice Photoshop Effects
8	@rhettroberts haha best thing about office birthdays hey
8	@irisush im glad  i dont have to go out...
8	@zykloid Thanks!
8	Haha! just overheard on the us. 3 yrold to mom &quot;mom, I think I should learn to read today&quot;
8	@cheadlek Another one will be coming later in the week, i won a Westlife DVD on trademe, one that i have been after!
8	@noangelvfc lol  well im gonna totter off. my sister trashed my room coz i wouldn' tlet her on.. i need to go cut her guitar strings
8	Awaiting to watch lfctv @ 10am  liverpool vs newcastle game from yesterday!
8	@aimzsta hehehehe oh i love the Purate ENglish sooo much
8	likes cheerios and scones in the morning
8	@allensjk Katie is my Malamute dog, as for my weight, well I'm about 6ft tall and 73kg, which is quite good
8	@dduane have you read Angels &amp; Demons? What do you think of it if you have? oh and beautiful sunny weather here in Provence.
8	man.....i'm at a loss for words.....looks like i'ma get an unexpected graduation gift.....in a good way
8	@souravghosh Dreams give rise to reality. When they said I wouldn't   walk, my dream was to fly! Dream, Believe, Achieve!
8	@QUEENKAK oh thank you thank you! Was hoping the video will be online
8	my sister said yayyy its hannah HOEdown today  haaaa hannah is a hoe apparently hoe.
8	Star wars day! May the 4th be with you.
8	@thepioneerwoman - Bingley, just for that practise-the-proposal scene toward the end. So endearing
8	uploading a lot of photos... priceless memories
8	Chilling at home
8	@honeytweets I also believe in some things are meant to happen.
8	Chilling out listning to Seal!!
8	@emjaystar haha thanks  yep definately a dream come true!  So excited the camera was shaking when i was taking a photo!
8	after 9 weeks it has finally rained - not quite enough yet but more seems to be coming  the garden is very happy about it.
8	@wolf_gregor Great avatar
8	@lrkane LOL! No worries  You wanna take care of tickets? I can do a $$ EFT or whatever...
8	ready to go to sleep... its too hot in my room, yey first time sleeping in that huge bed  excited!
8	This may sound stupid... but i just bought a mask
8	@ralfrottmann thank`s ... See? now I`m back on smiling
8	@tfollowers thanks 4 the folow
8	@jadeeisabel nah they were mine  @brydielonie had ones without fingers
8	@Pon_and_Zi Thanks! I'm on my way now
8	i woke him up in the end. Got bored.
8	@petespencer Yeah,we say shite alot here. you say it as shiiite,rhyming with light
8	chill`N witH tHE BABEz
8	@CrystalJanee greaaat, do minee now pleaseeeeee
8	@tynishakeli I like Light out, Walls up &amp; shatter'd the most! Great work, Germany must get to know you asap..
8	@thunderror U can play as ur avatar (1st person) *or* as his team member (3rd person). Battles implement real-time strategy. AoE style.
8	@qudsiya was jus so excited t c ur name
8	@jakeashley cheer up
8	Watching Bleach
8	@sickophantikmnd now i'm done! good nite
8	is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays
8	@kyleandjackieo what about Your Body by Tom Novy or Voodoo Child by Rogue Traders. They are from 04/05. Good memories from these songs
8	@misskittymarie Same here - events + writing songs. But I just finished my TMNT vs MMPR song, so I'm excited to record that on Wednesday
8	@challiyan wait till england WC t20
8	needs to stop taking photos with other people's cameras!  luckily, photos have been delivered
8	@missamanda yeah, i'll take care of it tonight/tomorrow  just pay me on the night, easy
8	Happy Birthday tooo meeee... Happy Birthday tooo meeee...
8	im really really excited  try this out guys!
8	Hope I'm not coming down with piggy flu, eyes red. Neck no longer holds up heavy head. Time for sleep.  Sogni D'oro all!
8	@TangeloFlavored and no I didn't burn the eggs.  We had a blast and the food was great all weekend. We had an awesome carne asada too.
8	At walmart playing hide and seek.
8	just left work. inventory was way easy  and I got to put in my highschool musical 3 cd! it was amazing. goodnight goodnight everyone :]
8	Oh yeaah.  we'll still be bffs  aha @Sadie_marie.
8	@jdpeterson Absolutely
8	@Renee0579 Hope you did great - you certainly spent enough time studying.
8	is super happy at the new interest rate.  whoop whoop.
8	Working on my resume while listening to the rain and enjoying a Circus Boy
8	@Coybh yep! for a rock station in OKC  check my profile real quick
8	@lopezwilfred Yeah. Me too. Will lookout on your tweets too. Happy Tweeting
8	me 10 - 630, andrew 8 - 4. No idea about the rest, I think it was Ben and Princeton which could be fun  lol I'm going to be late
8	is soooo over school...maybe sick..all week *evil laugh*
8	pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
8	@itshazel wow five years? Congrats
8	@sheiel I really like pink after I saw her live while in the new T-MOBILE Advert
8	@squeakmouse73 praying to be humble is always dangerous, He will answer you  (God gives grace ...)
8	gahhhh homework. masterchef in half an hour! hahah and the recruits
8	@AJinYourMouth taking out all my trash   http://twitpic.com/4ja8m
8	@RopeMarksMuse _what_ did you do?  Let me guess... you skipped sports and bought a new pinkish outfit?
8	Download movie  Dollhouse http://tinyurl.com/crbe6n cool #movie
8	For all you Lord of the Rings fans. You MUST see this 40min fan film that just released. It's awesome!  http://is.gd/wvrx Watch in HD
8	I'm going home now. Have you seen my new twitter design? Quite....heavenly isn't it?
8	Updating my iPod and downloading new songs.
8	@staceeeeee goodnight Cuppycake  hope you have a good day and don't feel so blah!  XxOo
8	@AmyatQ13 Amy did u already check out the antics of Parella and Marcia? @ParellaLewis @madnewschick news... and entertainment on Twitter
8	@Ciaee Yessir, yessir, three cheeks full.
8	@samanthuh MISS YOU TOO! Yes, I will  I'm usually free pag after dinner. Rarely during the day. Basta text text
8	thank god i havent quit my day job  ps. turning 27 tomorrow. i just round up to 30 now.
8	Nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast
8	back from the city... breakfast time
8	@vewe haha. Hope U have a Great Laugh as Laughter is the Best Medicine
8	@HellenBach Sounds like the very best sort of work then! Jenni seems lovely,so nice to hear that she is when meeting 'in the flesh' too!
8	should be coming out of hospital today
8	I forgot I have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! Yay
8	Hah! I saw the Wolverine last night!!! Now I can die happy, well not yet though, got a few things to get done first, but was my MoY
8	Just got home from my date omg so much fun im excited
8	finished my capital transactions exam . . . as another monkey climbs down my back. looking forward to being in a glorious mood tomorrow.
8	is having a well-deserved break today..NO PHONE CALLS, NO EMAILS..only plenty of catch up movies to doooooo
8	@Hayday12 keith... im better now
8	@DonniesCupcake i bet they will be great bags! Can't wait!
8	@zef  the car illusin is Kool
8	Monday morning  Lots to go out.. just waiting for a mate to add a style to my table and im set
8	Getting my hair cut tomorrow or later today I should say...   excited. My swag is already on, jus turning it up!!
8	is starting to get this whole Twitter thing!
8	@giogadi Hey Luis, thanks!  I have Flash and my prof's code to thank for that.  *cough*
8	@joyee0720 Thanks PP!
8	@danijelabaron good morning from Lincolnshire. I could use some exercise also
8	Sometimes after a long weekend, you just need good conversation. thanks bro
8	Heading to bed. I think I'll read for a bit, propped up on fluffy pillows.
8	Hey @deangeloredman yes! Praise Him! lol   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
8	anyone drive a newish diesel car? any advice on pros cons? not interested in old diesel cars, need recent model experience, eg SUV
8	lees net op Twitter dat het #Happy Star Wars day is... &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;... Sjeez wat slecht
8	Back in the office for a hectic week - but the weekend was awesome
8	@angryfeet Ooh that is good... will wait a little bit to see how the money/job situation goes but thanks for that
8	grubs up  so nice being cooked for, I feel like a princess every time
8	@CheeseIsYellow That's alright, I forgive you. As long as you don't ship harry/ron or harry/snape then we're cool. Mu otp is Sirius/remus
8	@myepeenisbigger hey jesse, here's your background  let me know what you think! http://tinyurl.com/cf2yuj
8	@ralphp eagerly anticipating twitpics
8	@donatoclassic me too
8	Ok so this shower has been calling my name for about an hour I think I'll indulge &amp; respond now while I allow Robin Thicke to serenade me
8	@timen Great idea
8	- It's time for Kathleen to go to bed... waaaaay past time. Don't expect to hear from me before noon. lol  Have a BLESSED morning.
8	@thatboyBryant dont cry for me! i will see u tomorrow.  muah.
8	new supernatural tonight!
8	downloading songs while trying to sneak a lil homework in too, which should be my main priority not songs lol
8	It's fun
8	@FaithfulChosen So-so, thanks  I've uploaded a new campaign vid, will post the link in a few mins. how are you doing, babe??
8	@jimmymarsh617 I was there in spirit Jimmy. Glad it went well
8	about to go to acting school  yayay
8	@peterjrday Thanks. Feel so happy 2 Make Ur Day a Great one. Enjoy it 2 the fullest N Have Fun Always
8	If anyone needs help with images, let me know and i will convo you the forum's link
8	SBS 2003 or SBS 2008! Damned if you do and damned if you don't!  Fun times at GCH!
8	@kevinriley Heh, thanks for that adorable plug  *cough* more info at: www.samstephens.com *cough* *cough*
8	@MarieLuv ahh that would rock
8	Rachmaninoff makes me a happy panda.
8	Its relaxing time..a movie and some treats
8	@Mintyboi i can smack your head for you
8	watching Please Twins.  gonna make some Iced Tea :-bd
8	@Moanikeala you outta follow zipz for discounts and updates
8	@mswilliamsmusic awww shooks  now im gon be all overprotective just incase you start cybercheatin on me lol
8	@LucyKD DSi is the latest Nintendo DS with 2 cameras + stuff built in. We are a Gadget house. Luckily I get my blackberrys free from work
8	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - When you'll come in Bulgaria??? You have a great fans here!
8	http://tinyurl.com/c4z6gn Wow.. Wow.. hope, i too get that sort of Guts in near future
8	@AnGee10 @malennaa yess... it's awesomee.. and u can follow ur love molly hahah....  now u can chat with us here!
8	@wortje The bag looks stylish. Congrats!
8	@ksidney wolverine was GREAT!!!  a must see
8	@billingtonart Gone have my ears on it when I am at home ..plenty of painting for you as well
8	@tove_liden Thanks for the follow Tove!
8	@kiki_miacherry morning kik enjoy your breakfast
8	@Steph_Atticus Thank you
8	on my way home from school  lol in my car and so tired!
8	@lewisking awww well iff uu are il see uu in townn  xx
8	done with the exams. oh my. such a nerve-wracking experience! passed it, though.
8	@petabridges I do my humble best  Going on a works paintball day soon so that should fuel a few strips, no doubt
8	@fairuzrani hehehe hello!!! how are you? good to see you on twitter!!
8	*yaaaawwwwnnnn* thx to bank holiday... let's see what today has prepared for us...
8	THE best job in the world &amp; yes its in Australia  http://tinyurl.com/clxl4l
8	Shopping, grandparents, dinner with the bf  woop
8	New Project is going incredibly well! and I'm not tired today  I think we should get all Monday's off. Permanently.
8	big shout out to all my home girls you know who you are
8	@lexikitty hahaha yes yes, of course  i look after them when you and jack need alone time ;D
8	@markyboosh had to many weirdos on the other one
8	11 days till county raly  i had 2 tak 3 from 14 it took me a while
8	@tommcfly haha that was good, slightly geeky but funny  x
8	Yogurting. Home from lady Mona's, on the fone w no song from Yoplait. Lookin forward to hrs w @QisWalker tmorrow &amp; rehearsals  Gnight all!
8	is so excited for this summer... Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton, Eagles of Death Metal, and ahhh the Dead Weather
8	has just finished recording the improvisation for the second instrument in the latest podcast and is happy. nearly mixing time.
8	@_josh_thomas are you coming to sydney?! cool, where can i meet you? id love to meet you, you're my favourite comedian
8	@marcoflores You're welcome!  How much longer until it's colored in?
8	is back at working auditing away, time to make the hard decisions and be happy
8	houstatlantavegas, sooner than later, nov. 18th, a night off, successful . over and over for the last 2837 hours - heavennn
8	Watched Coraline last night. It was really good. The animation was excellent and the creativity was inspirational.
8	Didn't get bitten by a rabies infested person last night  yay for me! Gonna scare Rachel with Quarantine tonight, this shall be fun
8	@jackoolz anywhere!!! i don't mind...as long as i'm superman and there's good music...all is sweet
8	Now i've got 3 new frens-frm Germany,Mexico n France  havin dinner 2gather 2nite.
8	will deplurk too. buhbyeee  http://plurk.com/p/rp3ir
8	Home from Disney...best time in a long time...howl at the moon tonight for GBA and then BHB Tuesday  oh drummer boy  niiight
8	// happy Star Wars Day everyone, May the 4th be with you
8	is trying to help save the earth. Let's plant more trees.
8	http://slingalink.com/eVicE1 my daughters kindergarden  !
8	@floyduk just relax like it is or translated to swedish too? Just got to take a look at my next comment
8	@aussiemcflyfan i hope so  I KNOW WOO! haha 2 times  it was exciting lol
8	@AmyatQ13 @borborigma I agree about the redesigned Q13 site! Looks great on computer &amp; phone.
8	@Ah_Lex_Ah hey alexa, you heard right  looking forward to causing some mischief on friday!!
8	@LeesaLily oh ok thanks
8	@DeepaPrabhu Thanks and thanks
8	my brain is gonna explode, a minute from now ) it is full of numbers @-) this should be the cliiimb. :-j i'm climbing the: mt. numbers.
8	new golf VI TSi 160HP is fast!
8	@tommcfly You're getting new fans all the time. I wasn't one until November
8	@savii313 I am twittering, LIKE A BOSS. Thanks Savvv
8	&quot;leave the pieces&quot; - the wreckers... hmm
8	@littletiara aha i bet they are cute,should we wear our nu **at  the same time so  i cn show you mine,u cn show me yours
8	@BenFordham Thats Not a Golf Buggy LOL it's a Australia Zoo Buggy The staff use it to get around and give certain patrons a life
8	oh, it's @andremichelle 's birthday! happy birthday andre michelle
8	@sunrisesister yeah, so quick! And I'm using the 5mm addi's I bought on Sat and it makes it even smoother
8	@cherrylipstain hello nikki! i just ended my exams 2 hours ago!  how abt u?
8	Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you!
8	@dangriffey In France it was last Friday and also the coming one, we are working
8	Bank Holiday Bliss - Jeremy Kyle, without even bothering the Sky+
8	@imeldalaura it's a woodchipper &amp; it's gonna top off the weekend just nicely
8	@bellothika  The flowers grow!!
8	Actually a great start to the day, hope it continues  getting my new american oversized bed in the evening!
8	Happy Star Wars Day! .... May the 4th Be with You!
8	@nnaa the rain was pretty nice. I only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here
8	Going to have dinner. bbs
8	@tommcfly i am glad cos u wouldnt lose me as a fan anyway  i get to see you guys on saturday evening at leicester  it better be good!
8	@Wildchickendew muhahaha you've joined the tweet cult... lol heya  btw twitterific is a good iphone app i use
8	is eating chocolate ready break
8	@mkasper22 Thank you
8	@PhilLHerold Thank you
8	YAHOO! volleyball, hiking, eating a fish eye, witnessing, sleeping on the beach, jumping rocks, &amp; hanging where Jurassic Park was filmed!
8	@neilhimself Look at all this feedback!  You should do it more often, seriously  The crazier the topic, the better.
8	Going to sleep with Horton.  Goodnight, Twitterverse &lt;3
8	@ElvisHsiao  The website I'm developing - http://woo.sh lets you also share Videos, documents, maps and events - Later music too
8	@RobKardashian Hey fellow Trojan..congrats on graduation.
8	@simonrim off to the cheese counter I go! Thanks
8	@coconutfriend i should have shouldnt i, im happy you enjoyed it cos im thoughtful like that you see, and YAYA i hav 20 followers  woop
8	wheelchair fitting today for mall buzzing &amp; Home Depot. &quot;Homebound&quot; just got REAL old  Goal: taxi yellow or electric RED!
8	Java Concurrency in Practice is probably the best Java book I've ever bought. There's a recipe in there for interrupting blocking IO ops
8	@uyaerdna thanks
8	study all day.  just finished my care plan.  hungry as hell!  ima go treat myself with a burrito, for a good days work
8	@LineHara Youuuu're an aaass  my aaass loooool
8	@chocolatesuze yes yes you should! Especially with wine and mushrooms!! Ummm I love mushies
8	@mariaandros guns and roses baby! yay!  was hopin you would blip.fm it
8	bali!! can wait for it
8	eating my tito's home made ice cream  yum!
8	@RobTSmith Good morning to you as well Rob, have a great day
8	humm.... I adore Mark #hoppusday ,so I'm just going to throw it out there #hoppusday....... have a nice #hoppusday people!!
8	@MXYZ_ I don't see how there could possibly be another choice.
8	@BreakfastNews ETS (Endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy) is an invaluable surgical procedure
8	@HandymanTrainer Actually because of the several updates you have daily, I find them all interesting and informative. Keep posting.
8	@runsenorun that frenchfry-corndog looks so delish! I WANT!!  Welcome back to Seattle!
8	wants to welcome @melizadeleon: back to Plurk again!  http://plurk.com/p/rp5po
8	Great weekend, even though my site is not moved. Plenty other things to do and learn. Keeping the faith and looking to the future
8	Packing gym bag. Off to the gym in a bit. Squee! I'm my happiest whem I'm on the go.
8	@JONGIRL79 that would be awesome  lol
8	@Rove1974 If you mention this twitter group to your followers I would be very grateful
8	@charley_bum lol *30 minutes slow* in a sec  i was just having fun tearing down old posters and putting up new ones
8	@rowsell will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
8	awesome lucky you
8	Welcome to everyone  Playerstation.it is now live on Twitter. www.playerstation.it
8	@pureelite Thankss  Someone sent me another text this morning saying happy birthday, was from that number I told you about last night LOL
8	@cheergod2002 yeah I can tell ha ha.
8	Home Sweet home &lt;3  Going to see Hannah Montana The Movie AGAIN today &lt;3 DDD
8	Nope, thank God, not on Air...  It's a REAL application, compiled code...
8	@Appledoe Mmmm, I had honey mustard chicken w/ rice &amp; veges
8	Rachel Allens date bars, so easy to make   http://twitpic.com/4jas7
8	@Jasonalbi Oh yea, my pain went down a little bit from laughing so hard which was good and nice for once.
8	Do me a favour, tell me what you think about me
8	Monday blues? Not today, not for me.
8	@texasjackflash thnx 4 the follow
8	@4_idiots hahaha! I don't work in a strip club you know  alrighty mister, have YOU done any public may dancing today?
8	Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
8	@RealLadyGaga hey.just putting it out there.. you should come to townsville next year..elton john came in '06 n loved it. it was great!!!
8	learning to play sweet child of mine on guitar.  yays.
8	@WKJThD You are very much welcome
8	@tracey1972 Morning babe!  I plan on overdoing it today! lol Hope you do rest &amp; put your feet up! xxxx
8	I've listed lots of new beads on eBay!
8	lol simpsons S20E19: &quot;first day at your new school, so lisa: have fun!   and bart:  DON'T!&quot;
8	going to look in the refrigerator for a taste snack to eat
8	bought beer today
8	http://twitpic.com/4jaw9 it's the frog who's been attacking Chelsey..LOL! Funny
8	Streamyx is pretty fine here, downloading Heroes and Smallville and also a movie. I'll still call it screwmyx though   // cool http:/ ...
8	@khriskhaos aww preciate the loves hunnie
8	Bom dia! Good Morning! Guten Morgen! I am returning to Twitter!
8	Back from x-men origins . Was surprisingly good
8	In a Drill Sergeant's voice: everybody wake the fuck UP!!! *flicks on everyone's lights* it's 500 est rise and shine beetches!! Lol JK
8	now we are also on twitter  follow us to know the latest!
8	@tom_howarth hehehehe I will keep silent now
8	Dump your worries in the Stress Fire. Fun and profoundly freeing  http://budurl.com/c765
8	re-reading 6th Harry Potter, did dishes, mended a cushion on the patio sofa, &amp; fixed one of the outdoor barstools. An accomplished Sunday
8	Morning world! back to the office after longgggggggg weekend
8	@onlyhis2109 i can't wait to see!
8	@kameliamohamad LoL. I don't even know what intezone-football-competition means... Good luck
8	@FiiFiiii ahahahaha you love Twilight don't liee!!!  and we all know I love Robert Pattinson!!
8	Talking to my best mate and my boyfriend on msn
8	just cos i dont have an ipod touch yet - doesn't mean i can't look at some apps! they're sooo cool.  twittering in school? awesome!
8	@xranarawr haha i told you, it's not important
8	@BrisvegasLukass yes I do! I'll try posting some pics when I can
8	@dduane *waves back* Have a good day
8	i finally found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!! i-nix screen cleaner ftw!
8	Yay! I finally made sales at the gallery; Really helps when the artists are there
8	@cottonandcloud Moooorning! Fancy a coffee?
8	I beat 3 bosses in Castelvania
8	i guess i'll do both since i cant really decide which one to choose
8	@jamiewhincup Awesome effort this w/e,even if u didnt win.Good luck at Tassie
8	@rosehwang Good Evening Rose ....
8	it's @andreamichellef's birthday today, wish her a good one assholes! Sleepytime
8	@MrFloydNL  thankyou very much, you rock!
8	@DustBuny: being today and all, WE'RE GONNA USE THE FORCE to make it happen!
8	@threalmiarose hey mia!  totally adore your music.  when will your cd be out?
8	@bratinella, @carambs - muji  yipee. is anybody coming here? i can send them over hahaha. but can somebody bring JT's BSG disks? haha
8	Down in Wellington for the Monet Exhibition. Casually just bumped into Wayne Brady in our hotel lobby!!  Mega exciting!!!
8	@NikkiPilkington You seem nice, you're generous and you know your stuff
8	@statkallday yessssssir!!
8	@besz Well, good luck then.
8	@shawnieora I googled him &amp; looked @ a lot of sites... I should have checked here first.  How Exciting, for you both
8	@fanboy_uk Yeah, but it's Myst!
8	@Cadistra Ah brilliant! Thanks a bunch
8	@MicaR yup it gets better again after S4
8	to @WebAnime and @tbaggins1, thanks for following me.
8	@peternomad Thanks! I know.
8	@LEGmin http://twitpic.com/4jaz5 - Cool... luv it
8	@shintabubu hey shinta!  i'm headed to bed now, but perhaps tomorrow night - when our hours overlap...
8	cooked chicken soup for the rainy weather
8	@audreythebaby gandang mac un ah! for sure, if its out in the market mas mahal pa sya sa macbook pro. ang cool ng concept!
8	@rosehwang U R &quot;happiness pollinator&quot; 4 shizzle.   Good friend you are.. I am smiling!
8	I am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. YUM
8	has a face mask on. hehe
8	Has had a really good bank hoilday
8	@TaraAlberto i'll be there tom promise! After our volley  when did they start? Wholeday? Or half?
8	@Broooooke_ kk's  have fun eating lol, remember shaun loves you haha
8	watching JONAS for nick's beautiful voice to put me to sleep
8	@Brokenromantic haha malamang as one of my chef.
8	I'm entering a two month study/exam period.  Which is awesome. - See you on the flip side
8	yep... i think i might have just made the decision to go head first...  we may be witnessing a historical moment... real talk
8	@TferThomas Thank you!
8	@clumsy_steph yeah school sucks totally. yea you can be so grateful that you got a better place  man i cant tell you how excited i am hul
8	just got Home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw its a music school.
8	@heykt haha who thought that?
8	@kayles yessss it does! YAY! told you it was awesome
8	@margotrobbie oh that makes sense! Well you are officially my first @reply from a celebrity!!
8	@OfficalJonasBro just watched it on youtube and its hilarious. i laughed trough it.. seriously guys so funny.. greetings from Germany...
8	@LiesX xD send it!
8	@juicebox07 i know how annoying that can be!  but theres a german saying'pleasant anticipation is the greatest pleasure'(own translation)
8	1/2 day tomorrow  carla coming over after school.
8	@nichelady I am with you. -#FollowFriday is easy enough for those who are annoyed by it.  I recommend relatively few people anyway.
8	@ChrisKalydo Happy STAR WARS Day
8	relaxing fragrances are SOO IN! my latest loves are still lavender &amp; chamomile--the basic ones  trying to find more flower scents..
8	all time low mean so fucking much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing
8	April showers bring May flowers, yea
8	Weather is lovely, I'm headed home via supermarket. Planning to spend some quality time knitting tonight.
8	@Edna92 you did just add me haha  xo
8	Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday.
8	I should have posted this for the world Pinhole day   I Love this picture. http://twitpic.com/4jb4d
8	Happy #juddday everyone!
8	I've got great expectations of tomorrow  It's gonna be awesome!! ? http://blip.fm/~5jf53
8	playing with @elgg on a cool new website... hopefully ready very soon
8	@piginthepoke  Lol  grey skies as far as the eye can see, which is about 20 yards
8	@susieblackmon I know what appeals to you with knitting! Believe me I KNOW!
8	@cindeelean I wake up at 4:30 during the week - and funny, Deathcab makes me think of you!  (&amp; I use your calendar to track work hours)
8	@kenlee86 nice recolouring of your page  nobody is buying your anti-twittering words!! YOU LOVE IT!!!!
8	@nienerenee hahaha niene ur soo smart.! lmao i think that is who its by..  good lookin.. whts up gurlie?? i come home this weekend.!
8	@textualoffender Good Luck.. mine 3rd day today !
8	@joolzgirl oh no! u must get 1!!!lol mum still isnt convinced, and we have 3
8	@leeprovoost Thanks for the tip! It's our Company laptops so was aiming for another solution actually....
8	is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a Monday evening...  oh wait..  that's just wine before dinner...
8	Ha ha 1 point for the men
8	i just woke up and remembered theres no school!!! life is good  xxxxxx
8	@keza34 sounds like my kinda day
8	@rafikakikukeko of couuuurse fika  i'll pray thes best for you then.
8	@wiseleo  i got named - and since you recco so few peeps I felt pretty honored... I gotta talk to you about blowin' up my ego like that
8	@Mennard Its because I put radio 4 on by mistake..I'll have a cup of tea and a shower, then I'm sure all will fine and dandy, thanks
8	updating my resume
8	@journo_at_work agree totally, think though if we can take a point off Everton and Liverpool beat Man City we are happy days
8	@hannibals Great news! we got it by the balls
8	everybody is awake (well not everybody, u know what i mean. ma friends) haha, and I'm having fun AIMing them
8	Half Marathon Training Day # 1 .........
8	I've just about made it all the way round the park jogging. Quite pleased for my 6th outing
8	@torilovesbradie no probs(: and yeah im still sick. no school today  lol. feel really crap but thats because im dancing lol . thanks
8	Insomnia at its finest. Go to bed at 11:30, fully awake at 2. Grrr. Anyone want to call mee?
8	@rosehwang Very early and I am actually just going back for a little more rest ..... talk  with you a little later ....
8	@uhandbag I will  I enjoyed doing the peg bags, I've adapted the design for a tote bag  Bit cuter than I normally do
8	Omg! Star Wars Day!  May the fourth be with you everyone  This calls for me to watch at least 1 film tonight.
8	@introversimonDu sounds good.  and yeah, I turn 21 tomorrow so I'll definitely be partying.
8	@annalisaceccato hey thanks mate your cool coz you watched it...
8	woke up, now having breakfast and online, as every morning (except holidays and weekends), haha. then bath and school!
8	@taylorswift13 heLLo tayLor.. just wanna say i've aLready voted 4 u i think 5 times..haha
8	@pjaficionado Ahhh!  OK, remember the film now.  Never saw it though, will have to check it out. Thanks
8	@Punisher5463 You Got Twitter! Yayy  xxx
8	@Samiyusuf : Sir ! Everything Will Be Great InShaa'Allah
8	@davorkapozgan CongratulationS. Great funky site! U did it waaw
8	I'm eating egg-whites right out of the pan
8	@HulantheHoly morning
8	@keza34 yummy curry  save me some please lol
8	@b_luca LOL!  I'm glad to see I'm not the only one out there!!!
8	new phones just arrived in the office. not much else is gona get done today
8	had a great shot yesterday, editing pics now
8	@JennaMadison hehehehehe.....it play time now cutie!  lol lol
8	@Crimsonmuse i just saw this! im freakin' starving right now! i'm thinking peanut butter fudge ice cream...&amp; now steak, of course!
8	well that rowing machine has paid off this week as i've lost 3lbs this week
8	@RubixSquare Think of getting a job this way - only another 50 years now until you can retire  or the otherway (my way) 50 years of fun!!!
8	@betscrr finally a pic! cya in like 16 hrs haha
8	@butterflykate Oh ok..we're supposed to be going to see Star Trek on Sun for Daves b/day...at least it's not Shatner
8	@nannynick Ok then have a good day
8	@TessMorris i'm not worried -it's a great job!! Quite a nice way to spend the day
8	@rainstopper have a lok at EF too! they are jummy
8	hold on to what you've got
8	I think today I shall listen to some Gary Numan before starting some remixes
8	We just hit 10000 views on myspace! Thanks everyone!
8	@khanserai Thank you  and hope you are having a great day
8	thanks to @ranukka and i'm now on twitter!
8	@helenotway yes, it will finish at 7:30 tonight. Still the food has been great as has been the discussion
8	@Punisher5643 You Got Twitter Yayy  xxx
8	@FabMissK we need to be quicker if we're to keep our nerd streetcred! haha
8	@sammythewizzy Oki! Great. All the best!
8	is happy that tiff can't drop BIO so she can suffer with me  nyayhahahah!
8	@taylorswift13 oh great!  hope you'll have a blast there! ;)
8	@amandapalmer He loved it, so Happy Birthday!!!   He said you sounded like a mixture of John Lennon, Chrissie Hynde, and Janis Joplin.
8	end of work... Thank God! I accomplished a number of things...  http://plurk.com/p/rpaag
8	@taylorswift13 Hey Tay!! Plz can u write hey elin to me? Im sick and if u do it I feel better!
8	@sajal I meant you are not lazy, your work proves it
8	@Sazchik I'm in Devon this weekend! Cloudy, but dry.
8	@septemberblues Thanks hun, it was great
8	@sparklingshoes yeah it's my friends 18th today as well ^^ it's always like a running joke we have
8	@Sadie_marie better than Hudgens.  OMG our song came on on shuffle. What Would You Do - City High.
8	Official whine-tweet for today. Nothing specified
8	Hey, Good Morning guys!!
8	@Emmmaa___ haha im gonna follow my dreams now  well...ur dream haha im still reading over it for the 90th time  :p
8	enjoying my new car
8	@Galiiit lol thanx, me too!
8	@lopezwilfred Yeah, of course!
8	On way back home after a crazy night on the coast
8	@stayingyoung I usually do if there is choice, but I am lucky in that most foods I love are generally very healthy (except ice cream!!).
8	@jakeashley cant wait till ur may 22 show!!  u better stop by and hang out in newcastle  xx
8	can't wait to be at home again.. let the sun shine and warm my frozen bones, please!
8	@work again thanks to my dear neighboor who also gave me coffee when I needed it. She is the best
8	@henrys_creek No worries - thank google! There's nothing you can't find on there!
8	@nickchien @chaubella_ i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two.
8	@beijingboyce  I am seriously contemplating timing my next trip home to catch his next fight. They show it in cinemas. Live! With beer!
8	i reckon i could live of yogurt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors
8	im home!  videoke at Funtime.. yey! got loads of tickets! nyahahaha!
8	@itamarw #momoTLV is always good  IVA will have a special price for  #momoTLV guests..
8	@ItsKanye tnx following, looking forward to tweet with you..
8	@CardineB teehee. it was a good show anyway
8	I'm still up! Thank you all for praying (: AHAHAHA! I'm watching Britney: For the Record until school. Today should be a good day
8	@danslevin You're welcome and thanks for inviting us to talk. #48hoursnz is like becoming a parent. No one can really prepare you for it
8	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - Oh it's so beautiful! I'm happy you had a great time! Heartz
8	listening to faith spirituality and the internet
8	Ha! Just noticed it's Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you, always
8	@ChloeCazRhi  glad your feeling abit better!  I think mine might be nearly gone now xD
8	Doing some test shooting later this afternoon.  Did I mention being in Holland for an indie wine festival this week? My tongue is red.
8	@RubyRose1 you must love sydney more  dont leave us sydney kids  xx
8	@Midad This weekend? Haha yeah I'm free  Oh is Satish sharing with us too? Oh and which day? Friday or sat?
8	Hope you all have a great Bank Holiday Monday!
8	http://dayna.dreamwidth.org for the daily random-ness
8	@lifeincyan Aren't randoms what it's about?!!!  I LOVE that it's Star Wars day - I didn't realise and I can't believe it's almost over!
8	Sitting outside with my laptop  Its kinda nice
8	@framianne and aww and HEEE. nicely done, your weekend guest! *approves a lot*
8	@Irish1974 Its Bank Holiday here so day off
8	I'm back online!
8	@MistressB Am happy to provide backup support for all murderous rampages
8	Aww. I'm glad that I'm up at this obscenely late/early hour. Because I just found out that Forest Kline is engaged.
8	done with facebook. off to jamlegend
8	@jords_ good morning - you're up early! Feeling enthused to design your life?  thanks to manics for that phrase
8	@taylorswift13 OMG! Taylors in London! Your near Scotland, please come visit Glasgow
8	@vickytcobra wooo what a fight !!! goooo Vicky , i am with you
8	attics to eden out today !
8	good day
8	i'm awake while others sleep
8	@purrsikat yeah thought it was awesome - glad to see some characters like Gambit brought back into the fold
8	hey thanks for the follow @freakgoddess ..
8	@ghostallday lol I like raawrrrr. Cuz I'm a vicious tiger. Rawwwwrrrr, grrrrr.  lol
8	should have started working on this lecture MUCH earlier  using tag clouds from google news to explain basics of content analysis...
8	@LeelooDogBlog it means that you are now FAMOUS. Congrats!
8	@louis_educator Thanks. Photos look great - I'll comment them asap
8	Waking Up In Vegas is goooooooooooooooooooooooood
8	Thank God @aravindkumar is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  Unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
8	@zsafwan You are very much welcome
8	I'm going to open up PROVERBS and get as much wisdom as possible-I'm hungry!
8	checking iDestroy sales.... sales are good
8	cooking with my dad  having lots of fun in the kitchen together
8	Download movie  &quot;Jackass 3&quot; http://tinyurl.com/caotku cool #movie
8	just finished the exam. I did ok, I guess.
8	@Buchautor Hi Michael!  Wow, thanks for the kind words! Now I must find love connections for you just for your bg alone!
8	haha wow there's a song called 'hit me on twitter' lmao. okay g'night
8	When will you be saying &quot; hello there NEW ZEALAND &quot;  haha @taylorswift13
8	@drchino Yay! I too had some joy in that department
8	I be having a drink with Marc while Izzy is sleepin  woot woot!
8	Rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight. A little different than the usual stuff - very nice.
8	@kusuma06 aaa new follower! hiii
8	@ejoleski but i do emily ahahha you scare me, so it would work
8	@jaezors my b day is on may 13 but my party is on this sat  come you gays
8	ready to go to Milan  see ya'll this evening..
8	Slept like a log last night, now I'm full of energy
8	done watching Slumdog Millionaire.  Great Movie!
8	@keza34 lol fine by me  long as its not the scary dude its all good
8	Oooh! Apple are in the trending topics again! xD Yay apple!
8	@datadirt hahah  okay then thanks for this short explanation ;)
8	@DavidGuetta_EN  we're waiting you here in Belgrade!! Can't wait!!
8	A very exciting week
8	@LittleFletcher happy #juddday, carrie
8	@Karen230683 good good!!
8	@baldy_za thanks man. I can't wait
8	@HellenBach good stuff, cant wait for the results
8	@jocalling hope our wishes come true someday.
8	@woodsciman ahh but sometimes that's the best kind of day, lazing around doing very little with a cuppa
8	regarde les tant attendues photographies
8	@sexy_pickle lol, thank you very much Hope you're having a great day!
8	yay, just got my stuff from rygegrej.dk  Perfect tastes like banana and apple
8	@Princess_DJ Xmas a week early? Hehe, at least you didn't have to do any last min shopping
8	Afternoon from office  My cubicle has been moved but not the system yippie! Mine is one of te few surviving &quot;good&quot; system..
8	@tommcfly happy #juddday, tom
8	@andyclemmensen Heyy my teddy bear says i look very pretty and that Blake is to
8	@LeaLunacy Make a videoblog!
8	@TheCharmQuark Hello! Happy bank holiday
8	@utterhip Well, just catching my little piece of it - but I'm all for sharing
8	Happy National Star Wars day everyone!!
8	shout outs to @SPAC3MAN!!!! good seein you tnite. WE takin over like DJ Khaled!
8	seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! couldn't be happier  #goodnight
8	Oh before I forgot, Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you!
8	Is looking forward to a yummy dinner with mizz Kate jones this evening!
8	140 pages and i'm done with eclipse!
8	Is at coffee bean, met Dean
8	Going into town later to get myself a birthday present.  An iPod Touch will do nicely I think
8	@djcamilo classics are timeless...dont believe me, check youtube, google, etc. Numbers dont lie &amp; i actually performed it last night,
8	@sarahconquilla Many many thanks!!!  (it's about school!) Weeeee!!!
8	Still wide awake... fortunately I don't have to be up early.
8	Morning y'all. Looking forward to a nice BBQ today. Can everyone follow @RebeccaMasters please?
8	Chilling out....now the boys have gone  Time To Relax
8	It's teddy chucking time
8	@wulffboy I'll give u an icecream ?
8	MORNING!!! Hope you all have a lovely holiday Monday whatever you are goin to be up to!
8	Guys, follow @ginoboi for the RX Twitterwar!!!! DD GO GINOOOO!!!
8	Having a cup of tea
8	~ Happy Star Wars Day.every one ~  ...may the fourth be with you!
8	@DannyjClayton star wars ............ is gay BOO??? i wanna do your job HAND IT OVER  u can act as me at my high school   LOL
8	@TrudyMagnifique haha check out our site its got some good ones too
8	@JonoH Geez... it's like I bribed you for a follow back
8	Britt - had to do it she came all the way down to say 'May the fourth be with you' - our work is done
8	giving myself a manicure + pedicure  ahhh how i've missed you nice pretty nails...
8	national starwars day today- may the fourth be with you
8	@hayfa You are welcome
8	back at Wingman after a great weekend
8	finished watching the movie 'mirrors'. I liked it but it really didnt do anything for me  5 out of ten i give it   // cool http://g ...
8	@MrsSprousex mee too it's looks amazeeeeeee
8	listening to those litle hyperbirdies terrorizing the world since 4.30! lets cook em
8	@igzzie Easy, I'm trying to learn   Serious and normal....two new words for me ;)
8	@snw well then you can do what you want and not what visitors want you to find out : can be a +
8	@MissxMarisa we had scones this afternoon!! they were great  we're gonna make cupcakes this week, on Wednesday!
8	@Zobi09 The cast of True Blood was there
8	@missjerilee welcome to twitter my friend
8	@botse that's a very cute picture ... but you don't get fat from licking BBQs ... he must have found some chops on someone else's ...
8	@DHughesy Congrats Hughesy to you and Holly on the safe arrival of Rafferty David Hughes! Hope all is well  xoxo
8	@hailoluna well, SNL is an acquired taste/ you're not listening properly. HAHA munching on walkers- cheese&amp;onions nw
8	@JonoH Did find it weird as I think u gave me a ff recommendation too. All sorted then. I can vote for legalisation of pot too if u want
8	The wedding couldn't have been more perfect
8	@larasati Uh?Your US iTMS credit is loaded by your friend?That's really nice  I wonder when any of my friends do the same for me.Hahaha.
8	@an_other Excellent analogy
8	@MDurbin not long till we go shopping dude, its gunna be rather fun
8	@ukdavew bank holiday Mondays rock, particularly when they follow the kind of Sunday I just had
8	oh that was good cake
8	@carlocruuuz good! you joined the dark side hahahaha we have cookies!
8	@omarabid Hehehe  I didn't really know that! Well, use your blog or Twitter to suggest interesting topics for ppl to engage in
8	@smashingmag No worries
8	:: holy kraut. I canNOT stay up this late. But the book is done and in the author's in box.  Tucking in with kitty-boys now. Nighty-night.
8	heading to Xtra-vision to get part 2 of Season 3 - CSI Miami baby!!!
8	@MikeEscamilla @tonyhawk  that was flippin' sweet, dudes. thanks for sharing
8	morning all, im off to sell 1.3 million quids worth of pproperty, well, i hope to, if i do i owe you all a drink on my commission
8	So proud of cg, took 5 yrs in the making to get that number 1 spot  gnight twitter bugs...time to read myself to sleep.
8	@racquel_xx i'm just about to start the second one  theres only two up yeah?
8	@kfb1991 I can't really say much because none of it is set in stone.. but I'm planning a charity concert for Cystic Fibrosis
8	@Tizzik Thank you! I hope the same for you!
8	Good Morning! &quot;RETURN TO WILLEN ISLAND - Spring has most definitely sprung&quot; ... http://bit.ly/EyRtT ... enjoy
8	Don't let the sun catch you crying - Oh my.. so cool  http://tinyurl.com/cugy8c
8	She got it , ohh baby she got it.SINGAPORE I'm going to rock your city
8	Photo: Got my prints a few days ago, ready for the NorskArt exhibition  http://tumblr.com/xht1phgl3
8	oh happy day!!! nice weather, smiling, happy baby and icecream later
8	@hanaames Ah good. Glad to be useful.
8	uft im tutoring the lil sis  shes so cute, even though shes an eighth grader :p
8	@unpolishedgem I love avocado shakes!  Especially so when blended with gula melaka and a touch of santan... noice
8	@michaelmknight Good morning! Nothing in particular, meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your Monday?
8	@david_henrie http://twitpic.com/4jbsq - looks so good!!  i want one!!
8	@Alleexx1995 umm get ready, help my mum, give GJ his presents when he gets up (could be a while), wait for people to arrive, then party
8	Haha Happy Star Wars Day!  &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; - clever
8	Yaaawwwnnn.....Heading out to the gym, then off to work. Happy Monday.
8	@theroughguide at least I have an ironed shirt and i'm not really shockable.  hope you have a good day. Xxxx
8	Morning world. Hello Bank Holiday! Cold and grey and rainy here. Feel like colouring thanks to @slammerkinbabe so might do that this am
8	Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you ;)
8	1 day to my Birthday !
8	Got my tattoo fixed today, and it didn't hurt to much, thank god  Can't wait to get the next one. $$$.
8	@SheridanPaige loool sheridan ive got swine flu but im still coming into skl tomorrow same way  hehe
8	Days with cellstorms, I like it!
8	YAY! GO TAYLOR SWIFT!! come to australia again!!!
8	@GinJam it was an adventure to say the least. I've been to nicer parts of Norf London but will stick with the south for today
8	@doast fantastic.... pick up a hooker for me
8	sky diving was aaaaaawwwesome!!!! kinda bored now though
8	@saraesse right on!  i'm 29 myself... i turn 30 in october. i think that pretty much makes us awesome
8	Just touched down in Changi. +1/2 hrs to kill before heading to Penang.  Must fly singapore air more often!
8	out for supper tonight with kurumi in 10 minutes
8	Son's gluten free birthday cake done.  http://twitpic.com/4jbwy
8	@lauramorris1983 good luck with it..Do well!! My best wishes are with you!
8	@ComedyQueen Well.... you're not called comedyqueen for nowt - are you lol
8	@jpallis001 John - more present than ever- even online  #edumedia09
8	Tweetie v helpfully shrinks longer tweet. Brilliant.
8	@tdes Thanks for asking, Sarah  I am glad tomorrow (5th) is a holiday here in Korea. I will have some rest and I will be right as rain.
8	Sittin at home, hellllllllsssssss yeah   Got the girrrrrl, the boysssss &amp; 2 mangy cats, this is a good time in my life.  Goodnight twitter
8	The new view out of my window  http://twitpic.com/4jbx2
8	morning twit-friends! welcome to my new followers
8	@bexiclepop cambs will be better im sure! eeeeeeeeee under a week now  we meeting on the Sunday?
8	Back in the saddle after four awesome days with @leeprovoost and the old gang  Will try and avoid a tweet flood after a long radio silence
8	BARA, BOOBS, CLOSETS, ADVENTURE. AGGGHHHH ENOUGH! Muak mcm baby Gary ku sudah
8	@andrewbravener Happy Birthday!  What's better than getting birthday greetings from strangers? Very little, that's what! (I kid!) &lt;3
8	thanks steph...must keep me updated when it's ur turn
8	Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you.
8	@blondiepops oooh sounds yummy.  If you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we don't have many pies on there
8	Dow futures up 60 points in over night trading. Looks like May is off to a good start so far  /f
8	@LovestruckxO It's simple for those who know how to use it hahaa, i'm glad you're okay  x x x
8	@IlseDeLange An elephant? LOL Try painting it from the back
8	Enjoying afternoon tea with my friends.. Cake delicacies equal sweet time
8	@dhughesy safer to say that your cube is now a sphere ... but roll with it buddy ... it is an awesome time ... esp the 1st one
8	Yay for bank holidays
8	TAKE THAT, TAKE THAT!!!! IN YOUR FACES!!!!!!!!!!!!  Robbie won!
8	Lil cuz coming round today she 5  aww  haha
8	@LLCOOLDAVE yeah they r. im going to their concert at the end of the month
8	I am now following @TherealWill - One of my favourite actors!
8	@spreadingjoy Hello there! Thankyou. I always seem to make a difference in  someone's life everyday.
8	Wow...VirtualPC screen does not go black anymore in Win7 RC! Also, there's no NVidia driver crashing...I'm happy I did the upgrade
8	eating Nesquick cereal - 1st time since i was like 10 - good times
8	@fudgecrumpet mines early nov,,,, will go through it 2 gether buddy!!! Man power
8	Only 8 oral left!  then I have to learn them all but oh welllll, at least I don't have to write them
8	Done some positive affirmation now back to the Japanese yay for bank holiday Monday
8	@Dannymcfly i'm the one that kept touching your willy last night  oh you were amazing, thank you so much! x
8	@DHughesy good job at the logies this year. Hell funny, and you're right about the baggin the logies tradition... so very Aussie!
8	@DHughesy so make the most of it  enjoy
8	off to the land of pillows and blankets... mm, and the fan up on high... and did I mention the blankets? my favorite time ever.
8	@ahoppi I hope you're tired for a good reason then
8	@OliviaPinupArt A big welcome to Twitterlandz grrl! Really wish I could have made it to the Bettie show,  glad to hear it was a success
8	Jammin To Capital In My Garde  xx
8	A salute to Chapel Hill North Carolina. From SY  * ? http://blip.fm/~5jgj3
8	@mkarim thanks for the #followfriday as you can see us South Africans were on holiday on fri
8	@lccsweetme haha that's way cool! Good morning
8	I'm finally going to bed, everybody.. whatever you're doing, BE BLESSED!
8	I'm a good girl...ALL work is done
8	Is in starbucks
8	@awrd but it is a good one
8	Just planted flovers in the school garden with my 3 yr old...VERY MUCKY but GREAT FUN
8	@Hannah_21Thanks, I'll keep working on her   @RoshiKK lol good idea!
8	aha @Sadie_marie my brother's wallpaper on his phone is Dolly The Sheep  aha i'm loling.
8	kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters!
8	@johnmcginn Hi John! Thanks for sharing that quote! It's soo true
8	@babydestiny24 thanks  I'll check those out.
8	Finally in my bed, &amp; I must say, I had quite an evening. I'm ready to tackle this work week &amp; see what next weekend has in store for me
8	@xanderprod glad you liked the gmail add-on too. We visual people like the asthetics to be right don't we.
8	enjoying my Bank Holiday  Just had a meeting with the real estate agent who will offer our Amsterdam apartment for rent
8	@AdeelAhmad Rofl u did?  Hahaha! Lemme tell Salman Munir =P =P
8	just watched that  new T-mobile advert on Youtube.. i love it  &quot;hey jude!!!!!!&quot;
8	@Jason25329 yeah well a deadline is in T-9 hours, that's architecture for you, oh well... mmm that coffee sounds like a good idea
8	@abledragon The geek in me won.  I am building my own photoblog theme...
8	Good morning!!!! Yes is 5:57am
8	@Dannyvan I googled &quot;engagement rings&quot; &amp; this is the EXACT ring i want.it was the 1st result too  *sigh* love it.http://twurl.nl/jaq5j4
8	exams. thennn some sexy time.
8	@paceyy Yeah I know  Things would be so much easier that way. I'm bored the boys are playing tekenen (I can't spell it)
8	my body isnt itching anymore
8	Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you!
8	@deanomarr Italy or greece for me  Love Italian men hehe ;)
8	@twilightfairy ah well diff in opinion, no problemo
8	I just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60% cleaner. - http://tweet.sg
8	@gozinepetter love the song and liked the movie
8	@TReiz I do. But still... twitter.com/monicafrancesca to see Gino in drag!!! @monicafrancesca and @ginoboi. this IS fun!
8	@megfrancesca really was the best night ever
8	@dannywood Good Morning! Hope that you enjoy your run &amp; gym workout this morning. Can't wait to hear some of your new songs.   &lt;3Pennie
8	@bobbiehouston haha that photo is too funny! I hope he wasn't disturbed by passengers too much during the flight
8	Joining twitter! Just added a random person
8	Happy Star Wars day
8	Hurray! &quot;Summer-time&quot; starts today, meaning I only have to work until 4 pm, instead of 4.30. Until August! Yay!
8	@aquapunk @_Mintyfresh Thanks very much!!
8	watched 17 again. sooo good!
8	a sunny day brights up the day!
8	Ken Wilber - Realistic Expectation of Integral Wisdom: http://tinyurl.com/clfzdx ...very interesting.  I don't mind the video quality.
8	ive spent a lazy day today finding some interesting people to follow  its reinforced the saying... it takes all sorts of people ...
8	@taylorswift13 the video on myspace is so funny...u run a lot hahaha i voted
8	In London! Off to do the tourist thing!
8	I just eat a reallyyy good ice cream!
8	On the way to sthlm - it will maybe be a movie   // cool http://gykd.net
8	@phoebealice_x when my brother is 18, i will have moved!
8	@scaree  I hope today just flows through and lots of nice things happen at work so you come home happy
8	@weareinvincible THIS CALLS FOR A HIGH FIVE!  (Don't miss, hotshot xD)
8	Im still in my my pjs  but I haveto get dressed cuz Im going to see Dancing on Ice live
8	@stephenfry gotta catch 'em all
8	is eating a delicious cheese-bread  (much batter than ANY  Bagle)
8	Okayyy  you can read it to me cause then I'll feel special haha.
8	@chris_CLP i heard 88db is better for mixing down...especially  if you use 808 sounds
8	didn't twitter much yesterday.apologizes for not responding,goodnight
8	@miafreedman you looked gorgeous last night! hope you had a HEAP of fun.
8	wow my weekend was pretty fucking epic  grr school tmrw ;'(
8	@erry_reeves Thx Ri.. That's all because of His grace  Kalo ngga, aku uda nyerah dr awal, hehe.. His grace is enough..
8	@Doc_the_BigMan hey! Ive never caught enyone on live before!
8	From ME and no one else! Muhahahaaaa! Well maybe Jesse
8	@cetras lol, anyway ni shi wai guo ren
8	@bertgoethals Cool, I used to live 5 houses to the left of that place  Always something going on :p
8	lm @ TGI Fridays on a Monday.. Hee hee!
8	is back in fine old melbourne town....
8	is sipping OJ in the sun in San Pedro at La Soberana again, with sunny smiley Nita...  The garlic tomato paste is delicious! Yummy!!!
8	@_elj OK nice one, cheers boss.  Am liking the lack of FCS today.
8	@missdaisymusic is ben! got yourself a twitter, good work
8	Up, I slept in till 11.02 !!! Shooting a new vid today
8	i'm in the garden. Making pictures, weed an sweep. The weather is nice!! See you l8ter people!
8	I designed a new shirttttt.
8	cant wait for thursday!
8	@charavel nice! now gimmeh some nice stuff
8	&quot;It's Like That (and that's the way it is)&quot; - Run DMC  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgvk
8	@Cocodemerusa Joined you on facebook!
8	is getting ready to start the work week...work 2 off 3 then work 3 more. It's not bad  Have a great one everybody!!
8	@Mizz_Trouble my pleasure sweetie! Lookin forward 2 gettin 2 know u
8	I am back from my weekend getaway! Energized for another week, bring it on! lol
8	@DavidArchie Hey David, I'm wondering if you received a letter that has a song in it? From Malaysia? please reply  and have a nice day!
8	happy bank holiday monday twitter! bath time, spring clean, movie marathon , lazy day
8	installing dvt card for loonix, fingers crossed, I hope it turns out as well as my android upgrade
8	@themanwhofell compliment taken. Thanks. Key is to be yourself
8	yay back at home
8	Hi Charlie, thank you for following me! Nice to know there's another Ollmann in the new world...
8	Just up  the longest lie in a while thank goodness, neck still painful but today i am going to head out (y)!
8	Apparently it's #starwarsday
8	100 Followers  Bom Dia!!
8	Is getting more and more excited about thorpe park tomorrow
8	@veronica11258 ok i got you! Knight!
8	@kaushal Thanks man  glad u liked it
8	Happy Bank Holiday
8	@CyranDorman Woot! I have created something inspirational! ;) Look forward to seeing more of your writings
8	@pattidigh we are all so proud of you! I am seriously thinking of joining you next year. Got to get training
8	Finally was blessed to see the MOON
8	OK. Happy Star Wars Day, everyone. As they say, May the 4th be with you
8	@PembsDave Hope you're having a relaxing day. I feel so laid back I can't stand up
8	@NZNewsboy damn straight you know what the game is, and if you've heard the tracks you'll know why I've been rocking out
8	@timscott2 Cool. Whenever I see someone is making so much. I tell them I WILLING to help them spend  So what's your deal?
8	Had to play one more and share the vibe of this song. Something about it jus' brings out the feel good.   Ta... ? http://blip.fm/~5jh0u
8	@hypnoticzexy Ooooh, so you're the dream husband. lol =D I saw Stranthorpe on a map today and thought thought of dear Shea! lol
8	Time to snuggle up in bed with the electric blankie on
8	Nothing like 10P to kick-off the Bank Holiday, dig the haircut Luke! Next stop...Selfridges
8	@chuckdarw1n whew! thassa relief
8	@lollipop26 that was a really good interview to read, really enjoyed it  x
8	is listening to Sunlounger's music, waiting for the sun to set.
8	@christhesoul well doesn't that look fab, even if I do say so myself!
8	is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend
8	@KADENMCNEIL - try thinking of something calm and peaceful, such as relaxing on the beach.
8	Happy Star Wars Day  - May the Fourth be with you
8	@fromlucy thank you dearie -- I just followed dome of them on there too!
8	@keza34 @ComedyQueen morning
8	@thorsonb well.. i dont have to do any resits... lol... so its MY last exam
8	new Delerium's music video (http://tr.im/kpu3). mixed by Tiesto. i guess Bill Leeb finally forgot his music's roots
8	@vectorfunk Presentation went well  Yes, I also met a buch of cool people. Checked your portfolio, nice work/details in the projects.
8	http://twitpic.com/4jccd - and also these hi top Reeboks.  cause i can
8	yaaayyy !  no work today
8	Don't we all love bank holidays
8	done with the dentist until November
8	Needs a yummy breakfast after her shift
8	May the 4th be with you  (via @matthew858) Thanks. I get it now. And it's awesome.
8	Having a pj dayy.....Doesnt happen veryy often
8	@taylorswift13 WOOOOOOOOOO   are you coming to Nottingham at any point?  lovelovelove&lt;3
8	Came back from Bishopstorford! Went to my Aunt's wedding party by the way. It was fun! I got to see my cousins again after about 3 years
8	@colbyrne totally agree
8	@Cyberwest thanks for that twitpic, sure made me laugh
8	http://twitpic.com/4jcfg - About to cycle within this quarry on Shipley glen near Baildon moor before heading back through the woods
8	@BeMeaningful thanks for FF wink
8	Mahalo  great show! @CollieBuddz  aloha, thx for makin it out to Kauai, we enjoyed it!  Safe trip
8	@areyoumee yeaaaah lol, i'm just insane
8	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/2dmtn - I saw this pic and it reminded me of you in Anna and the King.. so cuuuute little fella
8	i am kind of excited to go to school today. i dont know why. hopefully it will be a good day
8	Pretty happy with how things have changed over the past 2 months...definitely for the best
8	@ankitbathija Did we hear our name ? Thanks Ankit, get them on to our parlour   #HokeyPokeyBandra
8	Ideas gallore!!  Rock Opera FTW!!!! Yes tweets Kayleigh and I are writing a rock opera.  For more info email us: CoatAndKay@hotmail.com
8	FINALLY DONE WITH MY PROJECT !  now its 3:12 am  haha goodnights ! &lt;3
8	@Wookiesgirl I was thinking, &quot;I never see her tweet.&quot; Well, duh - if I don't follow you, I can't! Now I can.
8	Ok Twitter - show me what your all about
8	I uploaded my  random fandom trailer to youtube, check it out in here. It's also in HD  http://tinyurl.com/d5oyfl
8	What do you think I'm doing at the moment? Yeah you guessed it  http://www.phoenixfm.com/listen-now.php
8	CAPONES island in 2 days!!! my summer is just starting...
8	&quot;We did it we did it oh yea yea yea no eating here tonite woo eating here tonight no no no eating here tonite you on a diet&quot; finding nemo
8	Already back from shopping and about to do a nice monday roast
8	@vileness now that is hilarious. I can imagine their reactions.
8	@sofiavalentine cool baby, when are you going to go? I'll be there in July!
8	@R1CC1 that's funny...well, i'll say bye again b/c i'm really THAT delirious...lol... i worked 13 hrs i think...crazy...anyhoo bye lady!
8	Done! Finally.. Yay.. Now I can relax for.. Well one day ;D haha..
8	@WatariGoro Yep. I hope my lame attempt with the spaces helped me to hinder them, lol. I know tomorrow I guess.
8	@Megzx lol, get watching it again  hehe
8	@lisibo &quot;grace and skills of a newborn giraffe &quot; is a great visual aid!    Fabulous language to use as an example for kids.  Thx!
8	May the 4th be with me today as I round off the weekend with one more session - happy 4th y'all from the Fintster
8	In honour of #starwarsday, I have fired up a New Hope in the DVD player in full THX glory
8	@louisebolotin Funny how much difference simple changes make! Bed looks ace
8	Welcome new followers also
8	@MiaMiaDC Good morning MiaMiaDC  My weekend was great and I just had my Monday, which was also great  I hope you have a wonderful day!
8	@suziperry Yay good for both of you. Enjoy the break - you probably need it after such hectic weekend  Take care hun xxxx
8	I just got a twitter account
8	@tankianann it actually is ;) According to all the retweets, at least!
8	@lharp @franto it's an app to finally face the truth: you lack time, and never be able to achieve all your goals in life?
8	looking forward to Ben's baseball game tonight
8	@MelanieFresh27 Yep, tomorrow night, 10:30! Just saw the ad *squeals* LOVED this season
8	@piyush_ranjan Did I ever mention what a nice and awesome dude you are?
8	mint choc ice cream whilst studying.....now thats good
8	@emnorm ha ha, no, will be thankful i am not dragging them up a mountain today
8	Good episode of Top Gear tonight.
8	With that said, I'm out til later. Enjoy your day everyone!
8	@lapix Thanks Ennio
8	@Andreaheartscgh ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it...how did the test go?
8	Caught on Google Street View http://twitzap.com/u/aw4 - A couple of good ones
8	@boffy my sympathies - been here 20 minutes and had enough - will escape soon
8	@harlequinne haha neither am I. It doesn't matter though you guys do what you want
8	@heyuguysblog No I haven't had chance to watch that yet...going to have to get hold of it.   Thanks for the tip.
8	I'm wondering how big the rumored new 'large screen' Kindle will be - http://is.gd/wyFI -and when we can start seeing K12 textbooks on it
8	@LifesavvyChic I appreciate your kind words. I am glad that the words resonate with you
8	is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today!!! Happy times
8	@FollowSavvy @FollowMandy heyyhoo!heyhey
8	Namaste! Hooray for Monday! Undaunted by a 3am wakeup, I consider it is 9am in London and feel justified. Bright side to everything!
8	@SonjaNorwood ,,, hey mom,,
8	It worked. Cool AND the gang!
8	On my way home. I think i am over him
8	@guybatty Yes,it's beautiful and i'm fortunate to live in the thick of it..Very relaxing
8	@ireal Well alright. But #dollhouse is still fricking awesome. Elisha's performance in last weeks episode sold me there too, finally
8	@inkcircles Thank you!
8	@quinland    Lmao Yes its on the 27th  I get so excited lol
8	@katoi awww, a very happy birthday to him
8	@nikkiwoods no problem! i think it's a great thing to reflect on.
8	gooodmorning people of earth!
8	@ckanal funny you should say...am filling it out as we speak ;) cheers!
8	Can you dig it, sucka?  Booker T.  Former WWE Wrestler
8	looking at tabs for all of the &quot;Boys Like Girls&quot; songs
8	@tialebott haha you are just as bad as I am.... Well perhaps a little less retarded . I am attempting to knit myself gloves this winter
8	@Sally_E u work hard Sally  Not sure i can muscle up the courage to go on my own, it will be hard without you laughing at my unco-ness
8	playing sudoku while mommy makes me breakfast &amp; lunch
8	@chromasia I saw your tweet minutes before going to lunch.  Decided to skip that today. Thanks for saving me the money  Speedy recovery!
8	@fallenstar_ I got 71! That's more than I'm following... I feel special now
8	@jeanettewang Nice! That would be a feat for me...The husband's out clocking some miles for Sundown too!
8	@jjkraal Thanks! Fotoreportage coming soon
8	@Blondie_HK very funny
8	@fallenstar_ Oh ok then, I've been there before for a wedding. It was heaps nice there. I'm a big fan of Qld
8	Thanks everyone for twittering with me. Still a newbie.. so if you have friends who you would like to invite here, please help a girl out
8	Threee WORDS . . . YOUTUBE BAMBOOZLE SHOW
8	@mariamabdillahi welcome back chica! hope you had a nice break
8	@DrRus @BruceBrownNC Good morning, gents!  How are ya today?
8	hope this day will be nice as the sun that are upon us
8	Good Morning everyone!  Have a great Monday!  Thanks for following!
8	Just booked my tickets for London on thursday, i'm so exicted
8	@Zokathepuppy heyyy! how are you todayy?!
8	@Rupert_Grint About the dog thingy, an adorable golden retriever would be awesome !  Or a husky, too. x
8	just helping myself to some caramel digestives
8	@Japan_Blogs Congratulations lovely Japanese Children Happy Kodomo no hi
8	you'll be good eloise
8	I'm so drunk haha. Cant wait for round 2 tomorrow night  Gnight ppl
8	anybody have any new song ideas?
8	pacquiao fight was fun at home wif fam and melissa sat.    today was a mission to ikea. srsly 4 different freeways to ge to burbank.
8	@clarexsaula I am excited. Ashley and Matt should be here within the next half hour and that's when it all really starts for me.
8	@pradeepto he he! I will send it thru anurag
8	Having fun  With my friend !
8	@kevmarmol Agree!
8	@ddlovato how was bamboozle? i wish i could've gone. &amp;&amp; have you worked with laurie ann gibson? she told me you guys worked together
8	Right I now need breakfast. Let's see if I can make it while Tweeting ;-) What am I thinking, I'm a bloke, multitasking is out lol
8	@scullyrific Hell Yeah!
8	@que_day26 YES YES YES! http://snurl.com/hbn90 i used YOUR song in mine
8	@WhitneyEVE i love the new hairdo! haha, and i live in NY too, so yeah it was REALLY hott!
8	@marcooth GREAT!! i obviously should check twitter more often to know all the important stuff thats going on
8	Handed in. Can relax a bit now.
8	Oh snap... kinda nuts right now... @basedmagazine:  I've told at least 27  Thanks babes.
8	made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  http://tinyurl.com/cw8wp2
8	is finally starting her assignments
8	@krissy_tina @_adriii guys  i am literally going to sydney in the june/july hols. can we meet? i wanna try one of those lindt cafes!
8	spending some quality time with my fender tele deluxe...true love
8	@StaciJShelton Well tell me what fashion tips you need and I'm your woman  hehehe
8	@igortizz hahahahaha u look really good in ur picture
8	Jimmy Eat World's initials are JEW....new favorite band
8	@Milomilkshake you can put a saucepan full of water on the cooker to heat up the water...indian style  scrabbled are the best!!!!
8	????? ?? ??? ????????, ????? ?? ??? ???????, ??? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ??, ???? ??? ?? ???????... The magic of Rafi singing for Shammi Kapoor
8	@DD_Lovato Never been better thanks  what are you up to?
8	@emmao414 Thanks Emma! Plus: Squeeee! You're my first comment!!!
8	what a beautiful morning ; it's time to get up and enjoy the sun
8	@ShropshirePixie I've got some of those I used to use on my OES.  Good for the wrist muscles though
8	Wearing my new Victoria's Secret slippers
8	@alancostello well...as long as you have trees  yeh definately need to go find one, maybe after the crutches tho! :p
8	chillin an havin a drink
8	May the 4th be with you
8	(@JMBuckett) Oh snap... kinda nuts right now... @basedmagazine:  I've told at least 27  Thanks babes.
8	@redvers I've been quite lucky this weekend... Slight headache here n there, but nothing incapacitating  yay me! Poor Carol tho...
8	might start Spanish...any min now....nope just can't do it! xx
8	@shadowdealer I did  For Thursday
8	Watching Ladyhawke on channel 4 &amp; most likely to stay in bed all day
8	I'm currently enjoying NOT being at work this bank holiday  Frasier and Jeremy Kyle so far. Enjoy the extra day off Tweeters!
8	@avrilchan that is of course, u don't mind some old ppl as well
8	Typical overcast bank holiday Monday, glad we went to the beach on Saturday
8	@stripedshirt errr ok, most people have their espressos in the morning, ice latte at noon and warm latte in the evening!
8	@cbedon thanks alot. Hope you can help spread the word and get people involved. We are already making a real difference
8	It's Happy Star Wars Day, LOL.  May the force be strong with you all.
8	@julierockaholic well she likes it so i call it a SUCCESS
8	Just been playing some pacman on the box......a few achvs,taking my GS to exactly 47000........nice
8	@col4man Thanks
8	Fight Club 10th anniversary re-enacting. Nice tattoos  http://img.suicidegirls.com/media/albums/6/57/13576/658166.jpg
8	@ciaoamalfi Its great when locals stop you to ask for directions, and even better when you know the answer
8	DH is just about finished making his giant Trio candy bar. Thank the heavens. His work mates are in for a treat tomorrow!
8	ha, the first request for sending a paper copy of my thesis
8	@emma_BMTH i also want to attend the tafe gig  I asked mum about soundwave and she was like, hmmm possibly. which probably means yes.
8	@jemshad cool.. look forward for frequent tweets
8	@themaineman ooo enjoy  and thanks for looking out for ours
8	will be heading to baguio in a few hours.
8	@Loebette Hooray! Your avatar is back! Wil go and put it in the Gardeners zone now
8	Think Big! &quot;The size of your thinking determines the size of your results&quot; Bob Proctor's great advice      http://www.wealthwithsoul.com
8	Rose Romance is released here on Thursday, gonna get me some BPs
8	midday and a half, time for lunch
8	Awake and almost recovered from my Brother's Wedding at the Weekend
8	Does anyone out there want to be REALLY awesome and buy me one of these for my birthday? http://poprl.com/1vN0
8	pretty fun way to write a resignation  http://www.farbs.org/Message.html
8	and so another week begins. this one has got to be better than the last
8	@atbandre nice wedding ring, shiny!
8	@MissxMarisa haha, yeah I think it's a bit of both
8	@yohanik Hehe. Just found the Wikipedia page for the movie. And Last.fm confirms it. Thank you.  http://is.gd/iPrR
8	Great day training and having fun
8	Finally X-Men Origins: Wolverine arrived, Time to play the game like a mad man, And then it's time for the review  /Patrick
8	@johnkeithhart Thanks, glad you agree wth my follow or not policy
8	Happy Star Wars Day  Im going to make some pasta get showered and dressed and then watch some films. I like days off. I have 3 days off
8	@TerrenceTaps Yeeeeah...I am so much better off, I think!
8	@PrimeMinister3 Thanks! Am trying.. (keeping my chin up, ouch!)
8	@wolfie_Rankin yep to you buddy  long time no talk, hows things and i see your cat still like sinking fangs into your ankle lol
8	Great album..lucky to have this on vinyl.  ? http://blip.fm/~5jhtv
8	Oh oh! Going shopping with my best friend today! Yaay! Going to be so much fun  Need to get alot of new clothes..
8	@fearnecotton http://twitpic.com/4jbn6 - yummm.....Very Nicee
8	@stillsafe Lol read me like a book
8	http://twitpic.com/4jcwm - YES, my #ubook Lenovo T400 finally arrived!
8	http://twitpic.com/4jcxr - @georgiababesss i meann look at what i just found lol
8	@vjestep I'm mo nudge you again, better watch out!
8	@Peulo I already did..
8	@AceConcierge Glad you got there safe &amp; saw your daughter.  Enjoy your time there!
8	Exploring Twitter's world! me 2
8	@shaundiviney green day are the bomb  xx
8	May the 4th be with you! Hahahaha that'll neverrr get old
8	@lizscherer cheer up buttercup! Rain will go away and hearts always mend. I can actually bet $ on that!
8	@gothtart congratulations, you two are so well suited   have a lovely day x
8	carolina won, yeah
8	Happy star wars day everyone
8	@kkmommy9802  I'm trying to get myself moving this morning!
8	@jaisey ALOHA Jaisey! Im so excited. Supernatural is back on our TV  TONIGHT!!! its a Jensen FEST tonite!
8	Im really excited! cant wait
8	is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least I had a fun time with the girlfriend ...
8	@Daniella001 thanks for agreeing with me
8	ooo how i love a bank holiday  x
8	Happy Star Wars Day!
8	@tamejhna I managed to find few places where you can combine fun, pleasure and savings but it took some planning though
8	@williambeekhuis hahahaha where is that train? I want on! That should be a wild ride
8	@kiwikatnz Yay to being smokefree! Well done.
8	i finished all my work!
8	@iiacovou  hiya!  did you get a picture of your converse?? GET YOUR CONVERSE OUT!
8	short work week for me
8	Order Pizza from the Pizza Girl!  We have to sing about it!  I love that new song. so excited for the new song from JB PARANOID 4 days
8	OMG i meant @RealHughJackman &lt;3 you're the perfect Wolverine,sir  hehe
8	@mitchelmusso hey... Your on MY mind.
8	@TheLonely Aww how sweet
8	waitin 4 the skool bus soo tired nd still soo much 2 do...want 2 b lazy nd sleep but since I cnt ill sing all my fav songs
8	home from school today
8	thanks for the feedback everyone
8	@caitlingray  lol hopefully it'll happen like next timee near the new album
8	Rode a jeep home with my mentor. Heard his story being in UP FineArts. Pretty cool.
8	I skip school way too often  I'm rather proud actually.
8	Back from the Gym, and sorting through my Inboxes
8	He he ...Happy #star wars day! May the 4th be with you  Brilliant!!
8	Having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch - what else could I want???
8	Well I am up and have been productive since 5:30am!!! Woohoo busy day with lots to do!
8	@Souljaboytellem Goodnight lolsz
8	@LCLaurenConrad Can't wait to see it tonite!! should be hilarious
8	@shadowowns aww, &lt;3 why thank youu.
8	what's good about working a double?...Jasmin
8	@TheRealGinuwine ... thx for ur msg, so awesome!  luv the new single! xoxo
8	think I'm gonna start writing a proper blog, can anyone recommend any good blog host thingys?
8	@matildaxo ooohhh. I understand. I never get sick of her so im on your moms side  I guess your dad just likes what he likes....lol
8	@ElePhatt  LOL thanks you,  nice meeting you aswell, looking forward to our tweetversation
8	Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now... Hmm new shoes make it better  http://tinyurl.com/dfggwj
8	@DReinhardt1 ooooh it's you lol I didn't know!! Have fun with your princess
8	@rosewindale Itsurely will dear . in posted a presentation on Swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great
8	@traceyctt I live for pain, bring it on
8	My mom likes Milow's version of Ayo Technology... It's a good thing she doesn't have a clue what it's about.
8	@red_hawt Hmm..  Interesting choice.
8	@missgiggly Go the bubble bath!!!  Always relaxing.......
8	@DanaBingham I know exactly what you mean. My treats are more 'awhile' than 'once in'
8	@osocash  Hi, Thx for following  I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube, pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
8	@rodney91 http://twitpic.com/4i3g6 - i love that game  xxxx
8	Thanks @Mosskat you little star! Have been offered to come to JA for a weekender but dunno if I can afford to go. Looking into it now...
8	@irontec Thanks for the support
8	@ShashiTharoor i hope such moments inspire you on your political journey back home. all the best
8	@TipsByNate  Hi, Thx for following  I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube, pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
8	Wow, it's so early. Just had the best conversation.
8	@supprintdesign oh i like that let me c
8	Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn't matter
8	@jeffpulver Done some book signings in Manchester. Nice people up there. Enjoy the week.
8	@Clarrisani Thank you for approving my application at the TWA Forum, honey. Keep up the good work
8	No school today - Not because of &quot;H1N1&quot;, but because a natural gas line broke on the interstate. RIDICULOUSNESS.
8	@euripidean bank holiday is going well, had a great band practice so still on a buzz
8	@PaulHarriott Hahaha!! Tv isn't really my thing anyway..I more of a music girl
8	@nezua that blip is NOT to be misconstrued as qs on last night's convo... it's just a song i really love &amp; that rocks my morning
8	@stephenfry I've made a game for you, Stephen- http://tinyurl.com/ctw4ld - well, actually it's for us, not you
8	got an awesome hair cut todayyyy  it looks so hottt haha doing homework
8	@poeticblasphemy I see you finally got to set up your Avatar. Too Cool
8	@TheMakeupMuse I'm definitely make-up challenged. So, curling lashes and 'tined' moisturiser? Does this tip come with a glossary?
8	@zampeachie PANGE???!!!!! AHAHAHAHAHA. You two could meet up for drinks.
8	@donnyeffrien good to know PLN's Earthday doesn't only happen in my neck of the woods
8	@thebraysmommy thx! Hoping it's a good week.
8	@crazy_people sure is
8	excited to jam + and auditions
8	Just sat down to play a quick hand of poker and won $5k on my first hand with a flush. I'm done for today
8	@YousifMind good morning  3asa mo bs important classes ? :p
8	get my wii fit in couple of hours!
8	woo just made this, follow me
8	@CyberSleeper Awww man that does suck big time  But look at it this way, it gives you something to look forward too, a nice long ride
8	@JohnLauber @RealtyMan no one told me the mutual admiration society was meeting this morning! LOL  Hi boys!
8	Flickr pics Chester Zoo: danwtmoon posted a photo:   &quot;WELCOME&quot; to Chester Zoo by Jockey  http://tinyurl.com/cq7qw8
8	@cheryl_ann_cole @beccixboo i thinks thats right lol... please follow me... much appreciated
8	In the arts having coffee and cake
8	Digging the ideas behind railsbridge (http://railsbridge.org/)
8	WOOOOO!! Twitterberry is working again!! Good morning everyone
8	off to get ready for school. have an absolute wonderful day!
8	Birthday Girl ?  blessed to live another year &amp; celebrate with loved ones
8	Happy Star Wars Day
8	Kicking Back In The Holidays  No More School for a whiles
8	My new design portfolio is finally online: http://www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now,
8	Happy Star Wars Day!!! May The 4th Be With You!
8	@Darke_Ascension Hope it's a great one for ya  http://myloc.me/tvD
8	#Trackflashback: &quot;I Believe In A Thing Called Love&quot; by The Darkness - check it out...
8	@happy_pills we have a punching bag here! but ive never touched it, covered with my brother's sweat.. but u can use it if u want! hehe
8	Good morning!  Just took the longest shower ive ever taken in my life. Like 45 to 50 min shower!! Woah. lol
8	your saaaaafe with mee(8) fucking epic times again last night  old friends and new friendships, good way to kick off this month!
8	yeaaaah tangerang in vacation
8	Is on her way home bk to civilisation. Got my ipod bak  carnt wait for home x
8	@Jayce_Kay planted in the garden last week, ive got to check on it
8	@Ddubs_Ky_Monkey Hope u have an amazing day today Monkey! U deserve it!  No cheating on DEW &amp; looking at THE PICTURE! lol Happy Bday! &lt;3
8	@RichieSosa I want some....LOL  I got the coffee ha ha
8	Away to the cinema tweet later may the 4th be with you all  x
8	This song is a slap on you face!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jib6
8	@joonian Press 'Ctrl' on bottom right. The underscore for E71 is there.  KY
8	is working.   I am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting....
8	finally Mike0hh's birthday &lt;3 can't wait to fucking ruin it
8	@calbo i incredily love reading your tweets! they're so entertaining, keep it up.
8	coach says have come along way, faster that alot of people  oh yeah whos the man. ohh very sore
8	starting off my day with a little Northern Light
8	Off to bed I go to dream of a world where Wal-Mart and Liquor stores all get blown up
8	How I met your mother and Scrubs in role! YEAH! &quot;Cause I'm FLY!
8	@urbalcloud hahaha! i have a secret door to the real batcave
8	@Mollieandme Hello, you are sooo awesome!! Dont ever stop what your doing haha, You make me fall off my chair laughing  x
8	@mmWine Lucky you  I face south so I can hear them, and see them reflected off Phillips Point
8	unpacking my new toy arrived in the studio right now  it's called TC Finalizer. can't wait to check how it sounds !!!
8	@carmenparnos thanks so much for the belated #followfriday shout out #payingitforward
8	@RachaelPhillips wow!! you really are a pretty talented lady, most impressed
8	@joannaboothby freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezING nigga im so excited to see you soooooooon!!!  lets go see 17 again AGAIN yehhaaaaaaa!
8	Going home, see you at night in local time
8	lol @ kalahari.net marketing - &quot;may the 4th be with you&quot;
8	@ borgellaj  you know what? They're YOUR CATS
8	i have a feeling today is going to be amazing
8	@MandyyJirouxx red eye huh?   yikes....get back safe   missin ya punk
8	@varunshridhar Lets leave the nervousness until tomorrow!
8	Gonna head into the shower now...  Going to a friend's birthday party =]
8	@GregorBenjamin yeah, nothing like the heat of home.
8	@Joerup I think it'll be more like a casual attendance instead of a review, as there might not be another issue of felix by then.  Thanks.
8	@Rliversidge Great stuff, can't wait to hear it!
8	@Andph112 hope you enjoyed your holiday
8	@graemeskelly LOL biking is manly
8	yay my research paper is finally 4 and a half pages&lt;3 not going on bus was not bad after all
8	http://twitpic.com/4jcjj - Boagsie actually is still this small lol - him at 4 years old
8	@m3nny5 iye neh...kurang tidur kayaknya. pulang pagian deh hari ini tidur langsung...haha. Thanks!
8	@youcanknowgod thanks man. I really appreciate the kind words
8	@imagined learn learn!... we can learn together!
8	Good Morning, Twitter community! I just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my Mom and Bisquick.
8	@jocelynseip Thank you - If you like please leave a comment and Subscribe!   Chicago another great musical.  Thanks for your support.
8	Looking forward to Cambridge on the weekend and shopping with Ilze
8	Score two days I get more food stamps good cause i want a safeway pizza
8	Good morning!!! Who wants breakfast??
8	ahah oh yes, i forgot, they need to earn money.. maybe we could get them jobs as checkout chicks if twitter takes over
8	Morning everyone! Going to a gig now, then a run. Update you all later
8	@AlanCarr hmm Have to admit was a good episode and his man bag was rather fetching
8	Going shopping  Then Sunday dinner, round two :p
8	@dan_pentagram trip with school! get to go see a west end show and loads more stuff, its gonna be great
8	add me on myspace?? www.myspace.com/pwnage_org  -&gt; pcFOpc
8	Happy Birthday to my Whore
8	schoool time. not doing much this week.  about 20 more days of school and it's time for NYC!  can't wait for the last day of school.
8	just got up  Wheres the sun? =O
8	yay sing it loud wed, fall out boy, all time low and cobra starship on friday  WIN
8	@sillyyak11 haha well have fun at school! I'm gonna be sittin' at home with my italian restaurant by my side
8	http://twitpic.com/4jdkq - Got a new belt  it's a sheriff star
8	@jeffmello I did sales training for a couple of the papers. They paid my bills for a bit.
8	@DinaRoberts thanks
8	Alhamdulillah PFP exam was alright~ It's Strategic Management time!
8	@jeffparks That would be most welcome
8	@FONEJACKER12009 haha I do not know how to work blip apart from the obvious! thanks for reblipping my song  have a nice day xxx
8	gunna spend today with my sexy best friend
8	@rylie023 i think you'd look cute in the beanie hat
8	@gingerying if you decide to take a break on your paper..the link is a perf-choreo, cute&amp;cheesey but enjoyable   http://tinyurl.com/ddnqv5
8	@cassiewho haha no problem, it's fun isn't it
8	Mmmm holiday commercials really ARE nice
8	I've just realised - 400 FOLLOWERS! YAY!  xx
8	@Prodigy702 haha FINALLY !!  hiii friend .
8	@tintinex Morning  Glad to hear about your happy news!
8	@OceanCity thank you.  we had a blast
8	Goodmorning world!
8	@xoxokimmie good morning
8	@cmykara Something like that!
8	supernatural tonight  yay
8	Soon my new job starts  I'm so happy!
8	[Wrong!] @anambanana thanx  your THE awesome! http://tinyurl.com/ddqpoa
8	School -.- I'm arrange for the design of the blog to a friend! I think it's looks good  http://xoxoeternity.blogg.no/
8	@tobinharris brilliant! Best tool of the year
8	HAPPY STAR WARS DAY EVERYONE  any excuse for a few drinkies eh?
8	waitin for dr dee.... had lunch with my beautiful lady  before that i was on the gym ... ( yeah need to loose 10 more  )
8	GoodMorning. My Father's going balistic, and I'd say more but I'd rather not get beat, so Have a Good Day, and please text me
8	Off to a wedding!
8	Finally started Twittering.... got to keep up... So downgrade from full colour, pictures etc. to simple small sized text messages....
8	@j3nn1e ooh good!  im starting with the hardest one, gonna be at it all day. ive locked my door and im only leaving for food and toilet! x
8	@monicafrancesca congratulations! woootwoooo!  @ginoboi great game!  nakaka-hyper kayo!
8	Oh also today we must remember that it is Hoppusday. So happy Hoppusday  Yes I said it yesterday but it changed okay?
8	Another HD - my lecturer was gob smacked by how good our presentation was
8	@sweetemmaxxx i love the cheesey ones, and the cool orignal ones  , , , skips i have when my brother has them got to try them u c haha
8	weather starting to be better  So just SHINE **
8	sitting on chloes little trike thingo its a girraffe  ill most probobly get yelled at with in the next minute or so! ohhh well
8	is busy creating a new logo for my  site
8	@AmyyVee aww that was a really great blog :] thanks for the mention  hi form the philippines :-h :]
8	Another nice day again! Working in Goderich today so I can walk &amp; enjoy the weather
8	got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file... so glad i got this job!!
8	@misslazarou Bom apetite
8	@tranced1 yes mate, on Friday
8	ah! A clean house...finally, so nice
8	Up and around a little earlier than I wanted to be (phone rang 5:30 AM).  Exercise is a good way to start the day, right?
8	@MattCohenIII it could be worse  so u usually a nite owl?
8	Good morning in Twitterville. Off to work I go...Chat @ all of u later
8	@MicaR think so but my boss is in Switzerland all week. going when she returns  ira gonna be awesome
8	@XLesseyX good and you cup cake
8	@YatPundit oooh OK. thought I was losing my MizMind
8	@Pearl57 welcome back. my monday turned out ok. hope yours does too  xox
8	yeah! I'm going to Makati Cinema Square with my dad later. haha!
8	My wish came true!  see u
8	FLOODED OUT OF MY HOUSE  !!! Staying with someone in town unless the water stops rising  i may use it as a homework excuse
8	@paulina1 Good Morning and Have a Great Day at work
8	:visiting my friendster and facebook
8	Brilliant weekend.  BRILLIANT I SAY!    In work now and actually working .
8	Ahh saved from mowing the lawn by the rain  Now I have plenty of time to go kayaking. Blessed are the rain gods!!
8	home from the beach and only my feet are burned. i am proud of myself and the sunscreen.
8	Congratulations to Manny &quot;Pacman&quot; Pacquiao! You've made every Filipino proud of being a Filipino!
8	@Marge_Inovera Hi Jakki! Thanks for the hug - right back at ya
8	@nurseju I treat my hair so badly. It's revenge for it turning grey prematurely
8	Soon we are going to look at a cabaret, it's going to be fun!
8	photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me
8	@sophie_lee lol a bugg to school thats awsome
8	Mexican! That's what I'm craving
8	May the 4th be with you    Happy Star Wars Day !!!
8	Some goodies bagged at the car boot including some very cute cross stitch birds for my craft room! The man selling was a sweetie
8	@kate38381849 haha it's ok. i really don't like getting to other businesses so its Ok,
8	good morning!
8	heading off to schoool. going to have a good day. i just knoww...
8	http://twitpic.com/4jdtx - Springtime is nice
8	@marika75 music-habits - I'll join your study
8	@AndyTaylorSonic Yey! holiday Monday in Uk today ... have a chilled day
8	@emzyjonas My favourite TV show when i was a kid was.. Bananas In Pyjamas and Teletubbies.  lol Luckyy youuuu going to a JB concert! haha.
8	@cresh182 have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is
8	@chelsea_anstee i hope! its in expo! that would be amazing. im trying so hard to make perfection so it is.
8	@vampirefreak101 Haha ^^ Thanks
8	Oh, and now Mondays also mean new American Dad!  So glad I watched that show, so funny, and it makes Mondays even better
8	@AndyACB yes not for putting inside anything else
8	whoa. that was some showering session
8	@ninaaacooperrr don't not come in  i love you... and it's your last week and you need to see me..... you're hot
8	ready to go home
8	@jeffparks naw...I'll keep you in. Turns out you have the odd nugget of wisdom.
8	Aparantly it's #starwarsday so enjoy  don't quite know what your Kent to do but be happy anywho!
8	is going to finish his last assignment. THEN GO TO BED.
8	Went to see Priscilla Ahn last night, was amazin! so were the bands before her actually
8	@AirheadUK washing off, comp was great..more people and FAB atmosphere. 1st in dist. and 2nd in exp. sess.
8	@ingegoesbroadwa sounds like you're having a great time
8	@jimmymarsh617 awesome job last night!
8	Cool music collection, can be used for non-intrusive background music - music from keygens!   http://www.keygenmusic.net
8	3oh!3 on the radio  they were amazing yesterday.
8	@jrathburn Good mornin' Jason! Ready for a fresh new week as well!
8	@Brrridgett I already know what happens on Supernatural.
8	finishing up at the studio  NEW SONGS UP ON MYSPACE tomorrow MAY 5th
8	the maccabees new album is a winner ,everybody should take a listen fact
8	Going to be buckling down this week. So, relief for my twitter followers from my inanity. Enjoy my silence.
8	We'll write a song that turns out the lights &lt;3
8	Very tired! Dinner good, then churro's were good!
8	Off to class .... Longggg day
8	feel like going home and sleep till the next day!
8	Oh yeah, Radio1 is SO playing Earth, Wind and Fire
8	@Stephkerchner heard through the grapevine that we might see you around today. Looking forward to meeting you.
8	is online shopping...fantastic
8	looking for new ideas for my blog
8	@WestEndActress It's well good!!
8	@antony Hahahahahahahahahah! That tickled me so much!
8	@miraaaaa hahaha. you should eat then!
8	@Danielle_Jane14 okay well then now i don't feel so bad lmao
8	@utterhip U r welcome pal  u truly deserve 2 be followed
8	@iaindodsworth Ha, yea you are so not allowed days of rest, way too many interesting ideas to incorporate into tweetdeck
8	@Sunshineliron that was awesome!!
8	@duskyazure yeah that sounds more sensible. thought you had a heston bleumenthal moment of genius somehow!
8	@grentone If you have specific questions, let me know. Always good to have them when writing stuff. Well, I am off  Have fun!
8	may the 4th be with you! HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!
8	i'm yours.  hahahaha jason mraz &lt;3 lol
8	@lorenanne I look forward to having one very soon
8	@PaperCakes lol, I haven't made anything yet, I've just spread all my supplies out over the dining room table
8	Sydney - Toyota - Landcruiser - 1996 - $10,000  - new ad received and will be posted on the HCC site soon
8	Yes we Can  make it ......Obama
8	Good morning Tweepsland! Makin' it a great Monday! Huge shout out to all my followers .. muah, muah! I appreciate you all
8	@santoscarmen that's a lot of mangoes.. haha  baka naglilihi ka ahh?? haha  joke lang carmen
8	is almost done with the third/chapter cover page, yay
8	had the best weekend
8	WANTED: New liver and kidney, glass of wine would be good toooo
8	@ccr_harris  There were way more than two! Ten hours of real-ale takes it out of you
8	seen loads of new photos and stuff of new moon and cant wait  lol (L) Taylor lautner lol   takes his shirt off 3 times yum =]... lol
8	i really should be in a bad mood. but.
8	GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8	@aulia &quot;alternate means of acquisition&quot; sounds sorta noble
8	@pourpresheep lol. thanks babe!
8	gooooood morning
8	Hey David! Gone on the Eye yet? It's my birthday, and you singing @ Ipswitch-best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting!
8	@taylorswift13 We welcome you, Taylor ) Although it's raining :// Can't wait for your concert  x
8	I'm a bit happier now. Found a bit of motivation in Physics. I know I won't do well for the paper but at least I've started revising
8	finish some sketches und then go out an skate! Yeeeehaaa! got a new deck
8	this goes out to the one n only smirker   cheers dave!  aka jak  aka the best chest ever! ? http://blip.fm/~5jjcc
8	I don't believe it, my puppy likes brussels sprouts!
8	@trekkerguy Have already had a great day!  Enjoy your Weeties!
8	@leannenufc Go for it! Chinese sounds yum!
8	im so new!! and i need ur help
8	@HemalRadia Hello pal..nice 2 c u today...have a gr8 week
8	skipping school w/ carleigh today, both of us barley got an hr of sleep last nite. i got a new bby kitten! shes all black
8	Polly Scattergood's new single out today! Download the Please Don't Touch EP on iTunes, it's ace!
8	been playing UFC Unleashed 2009 demo, its a impressive game, got the Apprentice on now, Lazy Monday
8	@ckjchambers I agree the G B Reef got my vote  #queensland
8	ah just finished making tea for tomorrow night
8	@rhyanoutrageous thank you
8	@TracyeDukes Good Morning and thanks for the Retweet
8	@AlexTrup Thx
8	@DickieA YAY!!! I'm glad that I'm not the only one who is about to sign away their soul to Twitter and Facebook!  welcome! xxx
8	Morning Twitterland! Countdown to TCI begins again... Will get through Monday to Wed. knowing that I'm outta here on Thursday! Woo hoo!
8	I'm still pumped from the concert saturday. 17/7/09 here i come
8	@Emily_Morden ..be at richard's. if not then i'll see you when you/we get back  good luck!
8	@dayv79 haha I just playing
8	@twochix1 I want to see David cook!!
8	@NakedSoap @dandineen lol yep sure do... although I must get out the house today !!!
8	@AmandaHol Britains got Talent just gets better every week
8	@rewebcoach So far (with the exception of the rain), my morning is Great.  But I won't let it dampen my day
8	@hasinamin I'm the same, don't panic. Big topman
8	May the Forth be with you... ha yes... Today is my birthday  Star Wars day... Aren't i lucky you star wars Fans?
8	@joshcoop Absolutely!  When we hit bottom there is only one way to go.
8	congratulations penjiiii !!! Are we calling him soulja boy or mcbaby lol
8	@backsue rofl rofl. Have fun
8	happy star wars day everyone  off to celebrate with the family... ok we're not celebrating it but i am going round to the famo's...
8	@annahasphyxiate re sore back and legs: well at least you had a good time. epson salt works good usually.  DM me if need more help
8	@bmthofficial  good as, cya in melbourne
8	@fayarina shweeeeet!
8	Wow, I just realized that this is the last month of my school year!
8	@GreeGreece Thanks for the Gifford Lectures page
8	I had fun this summer
8	@JacobLovie Haha it's not awful at all, but I think everyone hates the sound of their voice when they hear it played back, I know I do!!
8	@frixionofficial its a hott tuuneee,
8	@mikefoong lol i like challenges  the more impossible the more i want to try!
8	? Polly Scattergood's new single out today! Download the Please Don't Touch EP on iTunes, it's ace!  http://tr.im/kpK8
8	@1sweetwhirl remember the guy who 1st #tweetbud you! ~&gt; @yashved_2890  help him get 900 flwrs &amp; make him smile!
8	@Wossy You know, you can read almost all your Tweets as some sort of disgusting euphamism.  It's quite fun
8	Good morning  ready to start this week.
8	reviews done, 30 new sentences, 100+ iknow done wow on a role
8	i've heard Basment Jaxx's new song &quot;Raindrops&quot;...that's fantastic!!! and makes me dancing  i can't wait Fuji Rock Festival...
8	Chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny!
8	@mombloggersclub Good morning
8	I'm going to school...JOY! :/ 7:20 am! I've got to go!  BYE!
8	Come join the fun as I through out the first pitch at the Legends game... May 16th @ 7 pm!   http://tinyurl.com/6nkpuz
8	@DickieA @chrisjlovell it's true!  @chrisjlovell have u downloaded the tweetdeck yet? it is literally amazing  xxx
8	@HaoranC Go for it!!
8	trying to watch lost online very annoying and slow...the internet not lost
8	gonna be a longg day but fun - senior walk finally
8	@hopefulauthor Thank you!
8	@amazondotjon http://twitpic.com/4j9cd - whoaaaaaaaaaaa RYAN!!!! i can see his smile from here
8	@Ashika_Sunshine  I figured that... But I ended up taking my cousin to work in the Rain anyway...    But hit me up
8	Happy Star Wars Day
8	@Nextread I agree, keep it in Star Trek but make it commercially viable! C'mon!
8	whew finally got in to RC..
8	Is listening to P!nk tunage and trying to teach my cat to dance to it... I think she's getting it we can be backing dancers by next tour
8	@yuniphan Yay! Congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. You'll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLURAL) to celebrate!
8	@Monica2112 this is 5 hours late, but i never managaed to sleep properly. i think david tweeting me back earlier is the reason. ahaha
8	@DaveDuarte I can remember those Evidence Based Management lectures...definitely the best of EBM
8	Going to the gym early trying to get back in shape again. My husb got me a gift cert to swim w/ Dolphins for my BD.  Need muscles!
8	@clumsyFA yeah! Love my Hawaiian outfit. We reused that for rugby 7 this year with @doublechin
8	Guinness got 2 'new' toys from mom and dads house.  Hooray for free stuff
8	@macmuso thank you very much, I'm glad you like them!
8	@Jonasbrothers That sounds like lots of fun, Nick! lol
8	Woo - got a fast mobile broadband connection now
8	@dandineen I am UCE, I did my PGCE there   went to Leicester for my main degree though ...
8	@DjChino102Jamz  I just got through doing my work now I can take the whole day off, its great being your own boss
8	I have been awarded my first ever credit card
8	Clive it's my birthday pat me  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6386106
8	@kailinnicole you're right about the duckies  thanks for being such a big help with wrapping &amp; writing up!
8	back from my nice hot shower      i am wishing that brent was my older brother
8	happy star wars day
8	omg supernatural is on after good news week
8	Happy Monday morning!
8	@gregjames will you be posting a pic of you H suit?? Pretty please?
8	@jason_mraz http://twitpic.com/4iq19 - popcorn crazy dude and still adorable
8	@Lurkine Would you travel to the UK for one?  The big US meets sound great, I'd love to go to one of those, so many furs &amp; so much art
8	@sammoran BTW, 'nathanfillion' is trying to beat his Flight Control score as well, maybe you should follow each other?
8	finally over my sickness.
8	Out for a walk in the cornish countryside, on the great British bank hol   http://bit.ly/AILUn  http://yfrog.com/6rwwtj
8	@Hooked4Life Sheesh. No crochet? BAH and humbug. And sleep? Um, I suppose I will someday
8	nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in # Delhi.
8	Last day of high school!
8	@treewatcher21 Ah veronica! its a pleasure to meet you  I'm stephen
8	@Pink congradts on ur show  Even tho i wasnt there lol
8	Heading to the U of Utah hospital. Have a great day everyone
8	it was a hard weekend. too much alcohol on these fuckin &quot;weinfest&quot;
8	@clara018 heyy lol we are talking on david archuleta site as well lol  your funy lol
8	well, having looked at my bruv's exam timetable and french oral exam I feel very fortunate  now to, erm, digest my morning revision...
8	nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in #Delhi.
8	@itschristablack I am so stoked on seeing you with the Jonas Brothers
8	@HollaAtK Hey  Did you have a good weekend buddy?
8	i can be a good girl at school.. today i was!! i did it!! yayy
8	Going to bed  Goodnight  xox
8	we finally got our graduation gear today, i'm so excited. can you believe it? just 41 days left! aaah  and the sweater is so cozy
8	snowbear has finally come out...congrats che and warren
8	@Robert_day26 ~ Awwwww have fun with the fam boo boo
8	Happy Star Wars day!
8	I love when i have time for starbucks
8	@nelpix ... Turned out nice I think   http://twitpic.com/4jeil
8	@hadoukenuk http://twitpic.com/4hsd2 - Weheyyyy   We give thanks for MIDI keyboards
8	Yum! Whole box of cookies for me
8	shopping tomorrow? I think yes
8	Today is going to be a good day!! On my way to work spending time with Jesus
8	Reading a book instead of revising. Thinking about lunch. Heart rate is 56 bpm... just in case you wanted to know
8	@augusten Ha ha, that's really funny!
8	@TerriCook Good Evening Terri! Have missed you lately, hope life is being good to you. Have a wonderful evening !
8	@MCRIsAPleasure really?  wooooo! I wish i could go to indonesia! Lol. Hopefully next summer.
8	@mumof_3girls LOUISE !! You r not adopted - ballet it is. You'll love it and then the cocktails after even more!
8	30 year old Barbie dolls still can rock it...that girl was H-O-T!  and Ken ain't so bad either!  now those are memories!
8	Last week of class... Well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
8	i think i like the workshop
8	@shoptilldrop yeah I know what you mean, but the 1st season got me hooked and I HAVE to watch it now in case something BIG happens.
8	Very excited about camp, loads of people aren't but I am thrilled about that fact we get to sleep in tents and roll around in mud
8	@01theone Looking forward to following your journey on this endeavor - just subscribed to your blog
8	@taylorswift13 Have a great time in London
8	sorry @sanderschenk I misspelled twice already. Im notgiving you up, just have to run  ? http://blip.fm/~5jjxr
8	On the bus to NYC   http://yfrog.com/08kaifj
8	Good Morning! - Court - Crossfit - Bible Study - Someone very special's house  http://tinyurl.com/cjs668
8	@Danacea Happy Star Wars Day!!!
8	@martha_s Hope you're getting all your reading done.
8	@DrMommy I have got my smile
8	Doing make up for the school musical this week aaah
8	@CustomCreation - We drank ours away, May Day Bank Holiday today
8	In pillow heaven
8	[Somewhere - Within Temptation] returned to mysefl. Keep working hard till June
8	back from the yoga retreat. I recommend this to everyone
8	Good Morning Campers! I got LOTS of sleep last night! Thank you! Thank you Ash! Thank You!
8	@tessneale i suppose this will be in the blog post, but could u email me who was there too
8	@gracepoltrack Why yes I DO!!  ...Or rather, did. Just finished it! Starting Dead Like Me, lollll~
8	@turtleclansago thanx for the msg! glad u liked my singing!
8	@BeckySmithster  let's hope so
8	Eating rice for breakfast. Yes.
8	Having a good...no great day already &amp; Dr.Miracles feel-it formula really does work!! LOL Hope everyone has a good day as well
8	@SmittySmiff dude i read that wrong! Haha well good good. Thanks.  but now I agree.
8	@Mossyy Not a problem,  Glad to!
8	ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making  *is rooting 4 those who are revising!* do your best! X
8	&quot;I don't like Monday, i wish it were sunday, cause that's my fun day.&quot;  that was my freaking jam when i was little.   i miss it.
8	@Pink ur shows r amazin  keep it up ! x
8	Come on all you lovely fans Number 14 in the Local pop Charts  Let launch an assault on the number 1 slot!!! www,reverbnation.com/suki ...
8	@jeffsgrippen yeah it's great!! always something interesting going on
8	tiny PhD's will do, because those bigger than me keep taunting me
8	life is so good. and it will much greater on Thursday at 5pm!
8	@Pink Can't wait to see you on December in Switzerland for a third rendez-vous  Great show ! You are just amazing  ... Enjoy in OZ
8	Yea running on 3 hours. Lets do this test
8	@breporter Thanks so much for following! The Muse has much gratitude and wishes you a magnificent &amp; productive start to your day!
8	http://twitpic.com/4jerc view of Atlas Mountains, Morocco across the Straits of Gibraltar, I took the other day from Europa Point, Gib
8	@paulawhite yep,  looking forward to it!
8	Woohoo..this is the day/week the Lord has made! Just remembered we get to wear jeans &amp; chanclas all week!
8	@FutureClassics Ben and Jerry...yummmmy!!!
8	@nicolemauricio Aw how come ur up so early? love ur youtube vids btw
8	@camillecakes I was nice!! I called you  lmao
8	haha May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day!
8	i &lt;3 my new picture! its so pretty with the reflecting sunlight on the leaves!
8	@fatbellybella morning erikah, how are u? Here start working about a song on my town, always a challenge
8	Its awsome... when you know, that you know, that you know!
8	Hey there! It's a glorious morning! Monday's animation mode: ON!
8	STRESSED AS HELL (, but still surviving
8	I'm eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it, burger king
8	@superficialgirl yeah the tomato paste and oil is traditional on a sandwich.. eat it with some olives and maltese cheese  yum!
8	@paulbaan Hello Paul, nice to hear someone is listening  Some interesting thoughts from #Kaashoek #Unisys. Patel from Doculabs next !
8	home from work  good night with epic dudes and dudettes
8	@AdamCrooklyn good morning broham
8	wellllll, I did most of my homework. and i kind of finished with editing. And I'm not as tired this morning as I thought I'd be
8	@Sierrasnowboard under a week delivery to OZ, awesome product, awesome prices. The parcel today made my day
8	@walkaboutgroup Have fun guys! We're about 55 days behind you
8	@joaocalistro mine was good, wet but good
8	@SteveHealy - I shall post a notice in town so us Cork ladies know to watch out!! lol  You had fun then?? Sevens were the business !! ;)
8	bahaha loving @rachmurrayX  twitter to me last night. DRUNK.  lol
8	had an eventful weekend and nice week off, looking forward to a final chill out day
8	HAPPY B-DAY SHARON
8	@jgm22 Hoping you have some pics to share?- &amp; hoping your Monday am isn't too rough today
8	Woken up finally after a long night out, tea, toast and TV coming up...
8	Richelle Mead - Succubus Blues-fabulous read! very entertaining, lots of fun and interesting too!! next please..
8	@NatFace Ah - yes - that track is also on the compilation, with Kenny Rogers
8	@hot_music_news Thanks
8	@decryption That is awesome..
8	@DonoLooLoo i feel like tweeting you for no reason. so um hiiiiii.
8	@Andrewgoldstein just pre-ordered your new album 'Off The Deep End'. Been listening to 'Permanent Heart' on repeat since.
8	@ the station morning show...then gym.... But this damn paper has me crazy any takers?!? Anna  lmfao
8	Getting ready for my first &quot;real&quot; day of work in five months...words of encouragement are welcome
8	@Adam__Carter Good film
8	@Fluffdoodle Lol, triplet.  Haha I'm so glad that morgan got the bag even if she didn't ride the ride
8	ha english portfolio!!! i finally finshed you  annnd you! comm final. youre half done! whoa 6:44am time for sleeps. night
8	@youngandfoodish thank you  saw your comment on the chew aerobics, really tickled me
8	@Alyssa_Milano Good Morning Alyssa!! Hope u have a great wonderful day today   im happy cuz today is my last day of classes!! Yay!!
8	@parisandparadox don't worry  just sleep.
8	rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. I get to give needles and take blood
8	@LiannaKnight: We can't wait to see you!   This week can not go fast enough!
8	Sitting at the Audi Joburg fashion week casting. So many lanky people in one place! Almost 100. Lol. Good luck to everyone  xx
8	yoga for school, what could be better?
8	its my birthday.....happy birthday to me!!!!
8	Followed by the great Super Mazembe. One of the favorites around here  ? http://blip.fm/~5jkbp
8	Is getting her new double yellow volkswagen beetle.  happy star wars day.
8	Just woke up :o mums singing to her new gn'r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter
8	working from home office today and catching up on everything except twitter
8	One new follower
8	@shortyyyy Aww how cute! You'd love my bathroom  http://twitpic.com/4jez4
8	@girltrumpet because its like ten times better than this place xD and its so beautiful and fun  and they have gold coast hot dogs!! xD
8	@EvilGayTwin I hope you like your new sat nav
8	@bjds Yeah it did, it explained everything
8	Gonna get my ticket to Las Vegas today. Gotta check my milage. Can't wait till August
8	Good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is Monday keep on smiling
8	@tsarnick I'm very passionate about my interests and go above and beyond  I mean, you've followed The Wiggles, right?
8	New word of the day: &quot;Whoore lure&quot; yes... A new word for cologne. Thanks Mike Harding
8	So I got up, went outside planted a few flowers and watched a lee evans DVD. Who knew bank holidays were so fun
8	At school. with everyone before the first classs of the day  18 days.
8	I'm off to Costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook
8	@mbburns That's great news
8	Happy Star Wars Day!!!
8	getting ready for my first day at my new job
8	@NEENZ Bye!! Great meeting you!
8	@katherinewhitby gooooooooood im not a complete nut case then
8	Radio:ACTIVE never gets old and never will  this is the 4th time i have listened to the cd (its on repeat) today, and still love it! =D
8	@TheOlifants  de wereld need more ppl like you! ;)
8	@evan Doh, from the 1st response I'm guessing you've seen it already
8	Back to work!  How you doin?
8	'Look at the tadpole'... 'No! ... Look at me!!!' ... Foolish dog  http://yfrog.com/05ixbj
8	Its a Bank Holiday!..... If you're happy and you know it CLAP YOUR HANDS!
8	@JimHunt That smile - the one in your avatar - is that a permanent condition?
8	is going out for dinner... just the two of us... niceeeee
8	@stevencohmer - and yes i like the vids
8	@Sarahhlouisee thankyou  how is ur night?
8	@NewYorkChica I understood you pre-coffee tweet  I'm good
8	Good morning Sunshine   Tiime for $chooooL ! lol . BBL`
8	Recovering from an Italian cruise in the Mediterenean
8	@filce Haha I know, I cant handle the fame!  and thank you!
8	Happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
8	@hannbob http://twitpic.com/4jf46 - hehe cute pose there
8	@ambermatson MUAHAHAHHAHAHA...   well, maybe they think I'm crazy or something. I haven't scared @williambloody yet though
8	@MODOFLY  omg lol!  this is fun, tnx 4 posting this
8	@tommcfly But it was worth it  xxx.
8	http://twitpic.com/4jfa8 - my new baby cousin, Olivia. 8 pounds, 19 inches. perfectly adorable.
8	@chiacy thats much better than the flu syndrome!
8	I just had a lovely lunch of curried rice and mussels with baby octopus - yum
8	@josh909 thanks...do you guys have a showroom as well? Wanted to chk them out in the flesh. Quite cool lamps and the wife is impressed
8	making some beats
8	@protoslag - well, look who's tweeting.
8	is upload video geje di youtube  http://plurk.com/p/rqaoe
8	Nvd i was sitting on it
8	@MattLewisMusic lol we are going to place called frosties its a soft play centre it knackers them lol, then i get peace for the gym  lol
8	@skinnylaminx saw a whole lot of your stuff at Africa Joy Casterbridge Farm, White River in Mpumalanga.was quite thrilled to see ur stuff
8	A Don't Stop Believing remix? Sure, why not?  Sacrilege   ? http://blip.fm/~5jkpz
8	I hereby announce that I am... employed! Couldn't be happier, Alhamdulillah!
8	Oh my Gosh,so close to finishing my song! I can't wait!
8	Sleeeeeeeepy.... I'm off... Goodnight twitterverse!
8	@SirLP  It's just because it's May the 4th.   May The Force be with you  etc.  You've got to know your Star Wars to really appreciate
8	Can't help to look at my Twitter page and drool all over my custom bg: http://twitter.com/galvao
8	Nothing like Charley Biggs Chicken @ 7:53AM
8	Monday mornings couldn't exist if it weren't for some hot tea.
8	@BMartha hello there!
8	Happy #juddday everybody!
8	Good morning world.
8	@apattys ... Yes.  That's what I said.
8	first compree over .. completed the exam in 2 hrs instead of the alloted 3
8	So finally.. It's raining in Delhi
8	@bigeyedfishie it was AMAZING!!! Had the best time  hope you had a good weekend too.
8	@shortyyyy It was only $8.00 for the curtain and the two rugs  it makes bathing exciting hahaha!
8	excited about CWPM tomorrow.. only one member is going but still , its a good start
8	sooo glad im home  floridia was fun!! back in ATL. time to sleep....then back up to work!!! constant grind.
8	@RobPattinson_ I hope filming is going well  I'm new to the whole &quot;Twilight phenomenon&quot;, they couldn't have picked a better &quot;vampire&quot;!
8	hello thereeeeeee
8	Off to bed. Only one more day left at school before i get to go on holidays. Yay!! Finally. I am getting sick of school... LOL!
8	@thriftymommy - I enjoyed seeing EVERYONE that presented on Saturday at the Clark Howard event - Especially the 3 pre-clark speakers
8	Just got to school. Goin to Cinncinatti Wednesday!
8	I'm so pumped for the day!
8	@Dojie wouldn't that cost quite a bit, I mean flying pizza from China? Nice fusion idea I may have to experiment
8	@ChristineRabel ha ha surprisingly well considering!! Having a good time in the sun up in the mountains
8	Good Morning Everyone. !.!. Time for work
8	The pushing has started, not long before a new #starwarsday baby is born
8	@F1_lou hahah hopefully!  enjoy your day
8	@babygirlparis hope you have a great weekend,Paris
8	@rowansingh Depends where your drinking, what your drinking, and how many mates you have. Joke fails
8	Been helping ex-student with Uni assignment via Skype .... gotta love a connected world. Now sudying 'game design'. Even better.
8	Good Morning...hoping to throw back some coffee like right now!
8	Hoisin duck pizza, salt and pepper pizza and gelato for dinner with Edmund and Jade. Good times!
8	@mylestones At least it's big enough my 20 month old won't find it and swallow it before the 3 yo and I track it down!
8	Reinstalled Ubuntu on my laptop, this time using ext4; the new filesystem. System boot time, from GRUB to full operability: 30 seconds
8	@williamfdevault i've sent a twitter invite to poet friends, i'm hoping they will come poetize, would love 2 see more poets here  #poets
8	@JustinBazan Maybe because you got in 4 hours ago from an awesome night? Nah, that can't be it.
8	@whatswithinu I'm very much in tune with your words today. Thanks.
8	@pleasebemine australia gets may 4th off! enjoy it
8	Hey everybody!  hah this day is cool! just got back from walk with the dog... @klaudialorincz OMGosh! Send me the link again please!
8	@JanSimpson good afternoon, hope you have a great week
8	@goldenboyluke  be sure to go by my blog today    -  and check out your friends - I bet you have some new ones today!
8	@msstacy13 Well, thanks for thinking of me! And if you ever do get the scratch for one, well, I'm right here!
8	@MrMarketingMan Thanks for the movie review!
8	@AprilAMiller Its 5:30 in the evening, sunset time
8	Just checked email and got a follower withb same name as me living in Oz. Welcome on board my alrer ego @changa13
8	Our Christian mobile directory is running! Just a month old  Visit http://tiny.cc/caribdir
8	Me and the calculator made lots of little algebra babies today
8	back from school  daily show was amazing  gonna watch it again later i think xD
8	@AlyceMadden why arent u famous already? lol you have a very adoring fan, that fan would do anything for you hehehe, im you no.1 fan
8	@joycsc - THANKS ! My motivation is returning at about the rate I'm inputting coffee  !
8	@gay_emo_zac and a good morning from france to my zaccie
8	EVERYBODY WELCOME @purpletonic!!!  Hello Nicole ;)
8	@petecooper Happy anniversary to you and @fluffymuppet! Hoping for many, many more. All the best from all of us
8	is off to work ... still &quot;recovering&quot; from an amazing and beautiful weekend. Have I mentioned how incredible my friends are??
8	installed the iNav iBlue v2 Theme...gives a fresh feel    http://twitpic.com/4jfg4
8	Funniest desktop ever: http://mobypicture.com/?ee2ij3 this way I can see my collegue.
8	@mikedignammusic coool thanks a lot  xxx
8	@nessie111 playing man utd.kick off 19:45.champions league 2nd leg.lol
8	@Lathams they do indeed  glad to hear everything is good with you. I'm great  life is good
8	@lauraduhaime Hello How are you
8	Morning all! Have a GREAT DAY! Off to school I go
8	Recording an acoustic track! For you sexy kids!
8	Sitting in a shadow of the tree in the heart of the city listening to Panic!..waiting for the bus  thanks,wind,for being so pleasant a ...
8	@torenheksje Thanks for the Retweet!
8	i'm done.haha. HOUSE MD marathon ulet
8	@leifreak8 Hi Miss.  Isabelle here. :]
8	@dizzybunny. Haha. Rite. Im freeeeeeee. Britneys spears listenin time.
8	@kg86 aww.. thanks bro!  glad I got u active on twitter!
8	Off to England during the summer holidays this year.... yay!
8	It's Raining!
8	thankful for the rain for our garden! The kids and I are starting on our gardening lapbook (thanks Heidi  http://www.lapbooklessons.com/
8	i bought a Italian horseshoe charm. Dragon! it seems to be very strong
8	@katherine_kelly PJ days are the best days
8	@BrunnaXO don't be worried! I'm safe and sound!  &lt;3 you!
8	Good morning! It's going to be a kick-butt day!
8	morning sunshiines
8	Off today! No wonder I love Mondays!  Movie theatre....here I come.
8	Gonna try to get a couple hours of sleep. Love going to bed at 9 am. Later Twitter
8	About 60 again todayy yayy!!!
8	@Dayteed cool! Linux?
8	Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you all  xxx
8	@MasterSavage everythings fine now
8	Good morning, everyone!  Just finished breakfast, and getting ready to see what this wonderful day has in store for me!
8	@thereisaseason It's fun to see that glimpse of your life
8	@CBmagazine thanks for the reminder. Hope all have a great time
8	coffee. gym. studio.  story. of. my. life. these. days.     so grateful.
8	@taylorswift13 I created my account just to get a chance to chat with you (: I ADMIRE YOU! you're amazing! you inspire me to write  &lt;3
8	It was worth it
8	finally off  now the day starts 2 be nice...maybe with a nice ending ;)
8	@DavidArchie Hope you find a nice and healthy, also cheap, breakfast!
8	Reporting form IIT Delhi : Rains just started here..Picking up speed...Providing welcome relief to all hostels!!
8	@llauren_ having a very lazy day, playing xbox and drinking tea
8	Dear Daniel, good news from Nintendo! They want you as a potential Lotchecktester! Hoffentlich wirds was mit der Stelle
8	First Day at the new job! Yeah!
8	@ddlovato i wish i was there! but i live in holland ): but i'm going to see you in paris
8	lookin forward to liverpool 2mz
8	Happy Monday!  Lots of little things to do today!  Tried to water plants out front very early in jammies! Got caught by two neighbors!!
8	Well not JUST making dinner making dinner with WET HAIR!
8	@tweeterdiva It's easy.....just turn your keyboard upside down
8	Saturday is Partytiiime
8	Dinner with Ali tonight celebrating her first day at the new job, will be near Trader Joe's, might just have to stop in
8	oh yes! Level 40
8	@tommcfly I just read online the article you mentioned..meh.  I am very happy to be stuck on you and the guys--just try and get rid of me
8	starting the video editing of the first spanking movie we did with Mina ... it will be added to the next update
8	@catdog03 Do I seem brighter &amp; more colorful?
8	Good morning  hope u all have a great day
8	@marteyo ahahaha okay deal  now i only have to snuff hermione out
8	mufasa!!!! warriors or the OCEAN!  hahahahahaha
8	Can't wait 2 hand in work tomorrow then im practically finished for the year  yay!!!!!!!
8	@KalvinClein hey! thanks for following  how is it going?
8	@Lena_DISTRACTIA Good morning.
8	@gorgeousgg yup!! even though its a lil rainy out lol hope ya have a good day
8	@rissiapriyahita @zanidia @clarixxxa thanks udah di follow
8	@powerseller thanks
8	@sengming whoa steady there mate don't fall down
8	Thanks so much for following me here too  I will keep you all up to date as much as possible on my makeup line plus all new collections
8	good morning twiggas and twitches  http://bbltwt.com/sciif getcha motivation on
8	@shanellelee OOooOO -- no, I have not! Glad to hear it was incredible, though! I still have it bookmarked to try sometime
8	@FakerParis A little tired but gland its bank holiday here so i can have a lie in
8	@FatDaddySweets YAY! Busy is good
8	@Dreaming_awake GOOD MIDDAY.
8	picture to burn - taylor swift!    great song!
8	@kariannanas hahaha, I was busy, now I see what I replied to you! Yes that is true
8	14:14 .. someone is thinking of me  good luck to lynny and her tattoo ;)
8	waiting for hubby...wake up!!  had entirely too much fun wit tha seester last night
8	Bank holiday in London! woohoo
8	Yes... today is Star Wars Day!    May the 4th be with you!
8	@Frozen2theSword YAY! Hope your day at work is wonderful, Sis! We have a Bank Holiday in England today so everyone is off work
8	,.. oh the Mint Lounge ...AWESOME night
8	Early monday cramming... yay. Only a few weeks left
8	haha moms back today from a weekend away , her first words, ' whys the house so dirty?' i love life ..
8	Sitting with sabbeth in first period.  buhahaha we are so cool -sabbeth lmao
8	A sweat sweat deal? I thought he was sweet... It starts with pronouns, and then moves onto spelling Trentles..
8	@LchangetheworLd No, i dont think its bad. And its very well edited, too.
8	afternoon. have the first rehearsal with this (extremely talented) singer-songwriter today. wish me luck
8	Day 8 of the 30 Day Shred and Day 5 of Special K Challenge... I feel fantastic.
8	@catephoenix I'm thinking you deserve an award. A big shiny one.
8	good evening. enjoying vacation eventhough it is boring.  pray for david cook's brother. rip.
8	@wanderinghope hehe, thanks! that had everyone in my class laughing too.
8	@c1ndyy Yeah, it's good! If you're not going to use it, give it to me! I want to watch Star Trek
8	Missing my husband, but it was nice to wake up in my parents' house. The dogs are ecstatic
8	@Grace_Coppinger nope  day off sleep time ha
8	@mumphlett  a good girl nevah tells hahahahaha! hope you had a good weekend
8	@coleb2 yeah, getting shows can be an interesting process.  the key is following up... at least that's what i've learned so far
8	bought my dress yesterday!!  Only 12 more days til Chris is home. So excited! Gavin has his first tooth
8	@CharlieCurve Wait - cool AND a sliding door? That's an oxymoron.
8	Employee orientation for serco  yayy.. I'm excited/nervous!!!! Wish me luck!
8	@Irish1974 Yeah, it's good.  Just startled me.
8	@DanielBedingfld is this a new album?? about bloody time too!!
8	@Heidihabibi wooooo, interesting! Thanks for the info
8	Finally got all 7 overdue books out of the little room and into my now overstuffed back pack!
8	@buckhollywood HEY BUCK!!!!  love u loads!! LOVE &quot;WHAT THE BUCK?!&quot;
8	times for lame school, UGH!!! XP Thank God mondays r quick for me
8	@Holly2305 LOL Me too. Going out at 12am isn't as easy as it used to be
8	alhamdulilah. i got accepted into nafa
8	@nsmithmorgan thanks for viewing my portfolio www.wahliao.com  I'll be updating it sometimes, will keep u updated.
8	@marcuspowl Hi! Waking up, and not lazy at all. You would be proud of me, 8 am here!!! Btw, nice colour, not burnt.
8	@ncteacher77  I appreciate you
8	girl talk is awesome
8	2 more days before the big conference: Central-Eastern Europe &amp; Caspian Scout Group Meeting... it is almost too long for twitter
8	@gulpanag congratulations i am heart hacker not a computer hacker@
8	@IngridHolliday good morning
8	Goooooodmorning
8	It's time for school, y'all !1!! HAPPY STARWARS DAY
8	@DougPreston Well now I'm gonna be on a mission to find their music
8	@skingirl69 yeah, i'm so excited.
8	bye for now people .
8	Anyone plan on revolutionizing real estate this week?
8	hanging out in myrtle beach as a married man
8	brought some new glass for my camera
8	@mcrfash1 cool  what did you get?
8	goooooood morning!
8	@erlang Pigs catching Swine Flu and Avian Flu, risking the development of Flying Pig Flu? Awesomely funny
8	says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/rqh8l
8	It's my birthday today  Running the mile tomorrow ughh. But then choir concert
8	@luigiiiiii whatever i know you like it.  HAHAHHAH!
8	Birthday girl in the house!! Tweet tweet suckas
8	Twittering while my hair dries - just washed it in Macadamia and Orange Shampoo - smells gorgeous
8	@wilw &quot;phlegmily green house...&quot; That was clever, but ever sooooooo ...... eeeeewwwwww. [more slow clapping] Get well soon.
8	Yay, I won at the @Jumeau Bags #Giveaway from @InstantShift. And those bags are so pretty!! Or maybe I'll have a belt? We'll see!
8	Hi CelebXXXVidsYH and AyBygW! Thanks for following
8	Artwork for the single is now up  woooot woooot!!!
8	@wroe16 ohhhh excellent song..hello my friend!
8	@Hyperopia feeling better now that it' breakfast time
8	@LorenaHeletea Thanks for the well wishes and hope ur day is also quite successful
8	@Zindaret http://www.thinkgeek.com/books/nonfiction/b322/ &lt;-- Get me one of those and maybe next time
8	@ShoeGal007 oh okay, cool.
8	Off to the banks to get this thing rolling! Hooray for days off!
8	omg J.O.N.A.S. is my new fave show &lt;3 one guess as to why hahahha
8	@kandeezie would love to see that!
8	will just take a bath
8	@thehoosiersuk woop rehearsing songs  Yep, sounds even enough to me
8	@julienviet Propellerheads has been on my harddrive for a long while. Just got my music repo back in shape this WE and felt nostalgic
8	@quinland  Yeah It Good But dont Click The Red X Because It Shuts It Down But Other Then That Its Good  And When U minimize It , It Goes..
8	@keza34 cool, your too good to me you know
8	Saw Fiddler with Topol! The girls LOOOOVED it!  Next month... Annie! 7th row! *can't wait* Trip 2 the music store for Fiddler sheet music.
8	@avalanchelynn When you're driven to be in the theatre you develop a thick skin.  12 yo's been auditioning since she was 8, gotten 1 part.
8	@preetishenoy good weather reminds me..I read your post on Sugar cane juice n other things..This weather calls for some of those things!
8	Happy #StarWarsDay. May the 4th be with you!  From everyone @dxs_paintball
8	Buenos Dias mundo de Twitter  eating b-fast and watching &quot;sex on fire&quot; video b4 I go to work !
8	@ferretprincess Hey Miss Jane! How are you? How goes the film? Hope all is good with you and your family
8	@MR_Bill2030 And good morning to you too.
8	By the way one of my goals this year was to forgive people. you have no idea how much has been lifted off my shoulders. i feel better.
8	gonna go 2 bed now, night tweeters  , dont think about me when you sleep ;) hahah nite all
8	Glad to be home.  Punched out late today.  I am very tired.  Thank goodness I am off tonight.  Will make sure I do something fun today.
8	@theonlysv haha nuu .. soLo qoincideencia .. en seriooO
8	not a lonely day after all.
8	@Iamlegend01 u don't have school today????
8	@kathibelle im sure he will  and if its not today, maybe it will be tomorrow..
8	@boldnbright1 Call me when you have time and a good phone  I wanna catch up with you! I love you and miss you.
8	@jeanniere everythin's great and dandy! Thanks for asking! How're you?
8	at school. Rusty just put Oh It Is Love on my ipod. awh
8	@spudcomics wow thanks for saying that man! I'd love to illustrate children's books!
8	Good morning Monday...  I feel as though you came to visit too early... But I am happy to see you none the less.
8	@bradleyspitzer that's called dedication!
8	In bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties, yay  playing with the new camera - could I be an amazing photographer?
8	is also very excited for the BLAZIN SQUAD revival!  im rooting for 'em-- their new song http://tinyurl.com/dz7tms
8	hm, what to do... a bit of work, a bit of fun ...
8	@MandyyJirouxx  HELLOOOO !!!
8	@Pink I`m looking forward too see and hear you in Norway!! Live fast!
8	After work....Hillcats game!   .25 cent hot dogs haha
8	its gonna be a beautiful day!
8	@sookyeong i agree with you!
8	I love those creditcard-sized memory sticks. And Microsoft keeps sending them to me
8	@NadavS Cant wait to do some of those things
8	NEW STRIPEY TOP DAY!
8	I'm a 100% Reagan con according to this quiz http://quizfarm.com/run.php/QuizRunner
8	I'm getting back into @taylorswift13 again
8	One final down, two to go!
8	@bigbooty85 I agree! &amp;&amp; I like the new pic!
8	@BamaBlockhead No.. $16 is a good price considering WHO you are going to see!    Right?
8	Happy Star Wars day everyone! and Enjoy the holiday (UK)
8	Today in a Week, I am 18.. yiha
8	@SarahAMurdoch unless you're gretel killeen apparently. you did look pretty damn good
8	Had such a great weekend! Glad it's sunny out today
8	@dougiemcfly Rest then. It's your day off!
8	In Paris till friday!!
8	Good morning everyone!  Nice to see you today!  Hope you a wonderful and funny day!
8	Only a month left of high school! Thank God. I am ready for summer
8	Morning &amp; welcome new followers! I tweet business &amp; pleasure so just fair warning
8	About to dye my hair and do my nails
8	@dougiemcfly hahahha but days off are cool when nothings open  its like isolated and haha cool
8	@borgintraining I saw it and I liked it  Not bad :]
8	@mortensax Will do - promise - thanks
8	Back in from LI 2hours ago n still made it to work  yay me
8	@dboyd1 Yep. Nothing to worry about.
8	@nadiabeckett Ha ha, might be - I've doubled my morning intake already in the last couple of days - now have a HUGE bowlful!
8	@charliestyr Hella worth it, even if you don't need the full 32 now.
8	@lauraduhaime Im doing great thank you
8	waiting on the cue for kenny
8	On way to Birmingham.. Sewing in the van. Punk.
8	the end is not as far as the start
8	listening to some bands recommended to me by Sarrah  i really like the friday night boys &lt;3
8	@grahamguy more coffee
8	spring pictures today  going to schoooool
8	@suareasy http://twitpic.com/4bbcy - aww, sweet !!
8	Wow, can't believe Monday is here again already. I hope everyone is well today
8	Oficially Back to work, all systems up and running smoothly
8	i'm yours - jason mraz....looking for an electric guitar  yay!!!1
8	Finish line for Team Alpha 'Allstars'.. Was a great day and good to in the winning company team  http://twitpic.com/4jggm
8	@madonnacalling my fav CD
8	Drinking tea and eating choc chip cookies. Going to head to sleep soon! Night all
8	looking forward to the finale of the RACE next week! Missing my castle girls though... Any and all Race fans welcome to watch chez moi...
8	likes patricia's dress
8	YEHEY SUMMER!!  so exciteeeddd.. balme it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol.
8	@LovelyLu very nice...i cleared my head
8	@EZ_DESIGN allright! Looking forward to it..
8	Building the radio studio from which we're going to podcast from. It's for our foundation called the Insight Foundation
8	@crafty Hope it went well! Was rooting for you both from the (not so) comfort(able world) of PhD application form-filling-in  xxx
8	its gonna be a great week! dallas next weekend!!!
8	@twlux_e thanks for following me. Nice to meet you
8	My near daily exercise is starting to show results.
8	Finally, im back online! I miss my lappy. So many things to follow up. Starting with Ning... Haha.
8	@Gustavar Having an awesome day? You should... I expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
8	@Wossy - Jonathan can  you get Priscilla Ahn or Raphael Saadiq on your show - they were fab on the Jools Holland show
8	see I told you  I'm updating my personal site with lots of goodies check them out as they come http://www.dennisgomez.com
8	It's only 10:30 and I am going to BED! Brain can't focus at all.. Need a fresh new start. I pray that God grants me a fresh tomorrow.
8	@LemonpiY lol you mite be able to see them on facebook if you have it (and if you add me). Obviously I can't post them on my blog
8	Presentation - done! And btw: my teacher is cute as hell
8	@kitankhamun Pitty he wasnt arnd 2 huh! I wld have rlly wet myself! Otherwise the wedding was gr8!! Had a gd time &amp; lots of smiley faces!
8	@AddictedToJones lol, of course i'm right, i'm ALWAYS right, didn't @ElieBel tell you???
8	@LOCALDUDER I appreciate the effort. My skin is much softer than your screen
8	@pooopy oooh really haha have they said anything about it yet!? i'll suggest the idea on twitter if you want/havent already
8	@MasterSavage  cool, i saw it now in the link thanks
8	@sotwitterpated Hi! Yeah I'm fine  Just being a girl Haha! But yeah, I'll be seeing u Thursday! Hehe, I'll tempt @janellebelle with a chai
8	Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day! Thinking of all my tweet friends
8	@taylorswift13 woah that's cool  just landed in London about 2 and1/2 hours ago.I LOVE the scenery, beautiful ,
8	Getting a lot done in the office already. It's good to be here early!
8	back to work on a beautiful sunny day
8	Good morning tweeps! Monday got here way too soon! Hope you are having a good one, at least as good as it can get for a Monday
8	No profile pic or bio, few or no updates, lots of following and no followers! Zap! Pow! Block! Annoying but strangely satisfying!
8	@dfelteau then how come I'm not uber successful?  I'm not making the same mistakes, I'm making entirely new ones!
8	@jrsmith thanks for the follow
8	is now at school! About to take the ECAs, &quot;LAME!&quot; (Steal from Brennan) Good Job LC and you too Brennan!
8	Yay! Made my first sale on RedBubble - that makes me so happy   http://bit.ly/1gURq
8	@jomanlk I am trying my best to make my own luck
8	finally feel back into swing of things here at work after getting married last week! sigh of relief for no more wedding planning!
8	I just went to Metro Diner for the first time. It was awesome.
8	@IamFakeBlood see u Next Saturday With Mr @atrak
8	what a great day for a massage! book your appointment today  617-262-2220
8	@david_bdml big storm here yesterday and last night. But a bright new day this morning here
8	oh yes, happy star wars day.   May the fourth be with you...
8	@dannywood lol good morning!  Ran 4 milles &amp; hit the gym?  Have a great day!!!
8	@xHayleeey they are finally getting ready i see on msn  ahaha  have fun fun fun
8	@tiffanyq swimming and tanning was heaven! i blasted music while tanning and was in my own world.
8	@inlovewitharmy Hehehe. ) I`m nice
8	@robertgould Fun to read, thanks! You Brits make things interesting  Funny they whittled 33 saints days to four,... http://ff.im/-2zgfk
8	@tamij Have a good day.  I'm checking out Hugh today. Also, be on lookout for best &quot;cassoulet&quot; recipe you will have ever tasted!
8	Headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! Then its back to the bed to read my book!  relaXin on my day off.
8	Sayin' good morning to everybody in the Office . . . Must say &quot;Good Morning to you&quot; too!    Greets from Charlotte, NC, USA.
8	Just a reminder to anyone @ultimatepetshow, thepet.net awards for the most pet friendly businesses in the UK are being awarded at 3.15pm
8	@UncleRUSH Good morning to you. Hope you have a nice productive day
8	Looks like I got a new job
8	kid's class is going on field trip today ~ and for once, I was smart enough to not volunteer to help!
8	@DH_Photography Good Morning! Hope you have a great day!!
8	is enjoying a cup of chicken soup!
8	FRIENDS COMING TONIGHT! Hopefully the weather will stay nice
8	@lovelybookie_ yaaaay mish is following gab!
8	I have to stop writing in Swedish or I'll lose my nice followers. Back on the international track
8	@razorbackrandy If I am... so are U, my friend.  HA!  But the thing is... WE make old look GOOD!
8	We*d Man On His Way     Yess!!    Time 2 Wake Up 4 Real  lol
8	@Maggiedeephoto Thankfully that face only shows up for photoshoots
8	Good mornin twiggas.
8	@aplusk  Please play in my movie
8	Spanish... The suckiest class ever. But I'm learning atleast. Te quiero Tiasha!
8	@MOOVMNT Hey
8	@DonnieWahlberg In Toronto  waiting for YOU!!! 48 days to go!
8	@genehiga Congrats on the knottie man!
8	gonna get out in the sunshine
8	@matthew_west and by music I meant awesome Christian artists.
8	@dannywood Good morning Dan! It's my Bday and I plan on getting some exercise too today!!  Love ya!! See you in NYC!!!
8	@LusaSousa  i&quot;m awake whats for breakfast lulu shit on a shingle ha ha ha
8	@dannywood ran 5 miles, went to the gym &amp; woke up Ur great kids....dependable Danny  hope it has been great already
8	is stoked for spring! Amazing wild foods! Nature is abundant~bless up!!!
8	@roryok I suppose it has a certain 80's charm. I'd personally hold out for the motorola 8 track phone. I like my phones chunky
8	Drink #2: And at 12:45pm when leaving the shops I had a Medium Light Coffee Frappuccino. Nom nom nom
8	Starting my morning, with coffee and the Early Show with Harry.  Home improvement...my fav. subject...&quot;dezign&quot;.
8	If I smile at you will you follow me please lol
8	@elle6503 Woo Hoo.!  I made it to one of your Favorites!  See.... Monday's Rock!!
8	@ikostar well, if Twitter was $1 a year, I think it'd be a lot easier to monetize than at $30  Less need for differentiated pay/nopay.
8	asks thnx for gritiNg    take caRE Too  God BleSS http://plurk.com/p/rqo76
8	Loves the fact that there's only 5 days of school left
8	got a rad new t-shirt from my aunt. Made from some cool shiny shiny pink material.
8	ok I promise to become interesting if you follow me
8	Thinking I'm super excited about this week!
8	ordered my new shirt
8	@terimoore  Congratulations...keep us posted on how things go!
8	@FionaKyle I thought it was pretty funny.
8	yay .. sherbert and chocolate ... very nutritious
8	just downloaded the tweet deck....look at my and my saviness
8	I'm report is coming along really good, and i haven't even been tweeting that much. I'm so proud of myself
8	@madinalake Can't wait to listen to Attics
8	Yes!! i has 100 minutes of Sims 2 plus Seasons  ) fun fun expansions
8	My younger sister flies in next week for a two week visit. So blessed to look forward to seeing family members visit.
8	it appears we found the dog.....as we were posting signs with his picture, someone else was posting &quot;found&quot; signs with his picture....
8	Morning twitts heading home  had a great sleep over w. my bf Tennille!
8	@pythonism c is nice, but I wouldn't call it fun
8	@joepolitics Last night was awesome! Thanks for all the hard work you put into it! Off to get some coffee now...
8	Working on your birthday isn't so bad when you get to work with Ruby on Rails
8	Watching loudQUIETloud documentary about the ever awesome Pixies. Realised Joey Santiago and David Lovering are Twitterers. Fantastic
8	@Paula_Deen   looks like a delicious recipe, will try that tonite
8	@nuttychris Greatings from planet shannan, we have laded once again on your lanet &amp; hopefull we come in peace =/ Hmm...Haiaa
8	@balmeras Weekend was quiet, just planning new websites. Today, research and choosing hats. Coffee hat sounds good though. Kettle on
8	watching supernatural!  how exciting.
8	@sugarreddrive thx 4 following  r y a band? What kind of genre that y play? Nice to meet all of y
8	Shopping with  beckyyy . Going to starbucks in a minute.
8	will maybe have my cell phone soon ! Yeah !
8	The sun is shining  Have a great day
8	I don't wanna work a 10-hour shift today! I'd rather whisper sweet-nothings into the earpiece of a lady friend's cellphone.
8	@cindypon ComicCon? That's cool!
8	@featureBlend Thanks for the intro. Great to meet u on twitter
8	The mission to Wales to find the worlds greatest welsh cake with @kendalloneill was a success - as none are better than my nan's
8	@MichaelSmith22 lol, wen my mum used to take me as a kid, i wud always eat the bread instead! haha.
8	aww, You Are The Sunshine Of My Life from Bob and Larry Sing the 70s.  makes me think of @gaballison &lt;3
8	Yay! Just bought American Dad Volume 4  also seen Australia is out on DVD. Could be a lot cheaper than going...
8	Played D&amp;D on the bank holiday - was nice, got many XP  And killed a blob. Actually, two, though the 2nd had tentacles.
8	http://twitpic.com/4jh4l - I picked out a watch !! Yey
8	@NeverTooSure i know  its nice haha
8	@johnlegend  Thats charmingly funny
8	I like taking my dogs with me in the car when I run errands. They are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to Krogers.
8	@soundeffect haha that's awesome!!! Would be cool in a horror movie death scene  Maybe not cool....but amusingly ironic
8	@JC_Live That's what I want. More the better. Bound to be a few bad eggs though, but they will soon learn.
8	@ShutterBugGeek Thank you
8	follow me aswel !!!!!!!! if u have twitter, follow me lool !! www.twitter.com/djarka  koool
8	just another monday...but there are less then 2 hours to work for today...
8	Humous and Dorito's.... Oh yes
8	Busy week this week; quick trip to chase some oil and gas in htown and then back to office for fun week with the devel team
8	Todays the day Twitterland...house closing begin at 11 and we should get to start moving in @ 3 into the new place.
8	Mondays aren't so bad when they are this sunny  #fb
8	@Robert_Sprigge  Keen skydivers take off thousands of times in planes but rarely land in them
8	Hahaha @Jordan23Capp yes dey dooo, BOSTON Legal  tha fat old man is funny, tha one that was naked ina pink gown Lol
8	Good Morning Twitter Bugsssss 8:48am and my day starts nowwwww
8	@bev_estep I am glad you are getting into your twittering
8	@TraciKnoppe So far, so good. It's still early, though!
8	going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
8	May the 4th be with you  #starwarsday
8	@AMG22 You can find more info on getonu2.com We hope to launch the project this week. Then we'll really need some help to release it!
8	@NattyKnits I just KNEW you'd get that!
8	wow. someone's proud of me.
8	@dannywood guessing... Ran 4 miles &amp; gym? Superman you  oxox
8	@C64Takeaway that is a great remix of it. Double Wow!
8	@Chambers_ Hahaaaha
8	if you want info on #ecomonday check out http://tinyurl.com/cpv32e &amp; follow @ecomonday . It's like #followfriday but green! (&amp; monday)
8	@IncomeDiary Sure, its easier to login every day and make posts as an admin or mod, but ill try
8	@3squares i will!!! thanks
8	@LeelooDogBlog Thanks for all of the awesome tweets LeeLoo, glad you enjoyed the weekend.
8	@Bofu2U Good mornin' to ya!
8	@elliottja ha! Apparently I talk with a posh accent according to the ppl I saw in the Shire last+dressed very feminely! Makes you chuckle
8	@SongzYuuup http://twitpic.com/4gemf - I can definitely appreciate this. The simple things that make my day...
8	@RyanSeacrest Same here - coffee is the lifeline to all things good
8	Going to the Star Trek premier tomorrow night, uber stoked. I don't care if I'm a nerd, Star Trek is amazecore!!
8	Bon Voyage birthday Brother @ Mccarran! cyah again vegas in july. havent slept yet &amp; class @ 1  .. such a fun weekend
8	@margaretcho learn tw-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel
8	@Dreamyeyes Yes,i was red like a lobster for days-cuz im too pale- but today finally got a nice color ~~
8	@danceashleylove i hope you feel better way soon!
8	@ibeatcancrtwice thanks...I even washed behind my furry ears  you look marvelous too
8	@emmao414 did you find them? Tell us how they turn out won't you! We're making blueberry pancakes this morning
8	philosophy final today! thank you @sportygirlie08 it's 3 days now!!!!
8	Hope my roommates having a good morning without TP and soap!
8	school. 39 days @nicoleheartsjb!!! so exited. Amazing premier @Jonasbrothers
8	call me einstein. got math test results: A-  hell yesss
8	@LeviFig Already fixed that actually
8	going  back to bed  for a  nap, Im starving !!! tty l
8	@sevenspoons I like mine green  Just somehow doesn't taste minty otherwise .. heh heh.
8	@David_N_Wilson C'mon, I like the superpower explanation better! LOL
8	@ToffeeTFB It *was* a great day.
8	@ginidietrich Weather reports of a week of upper 60s make me happy  Perfect running weather!
8	@missgiggly Good night
8	@sln25373 hahaha i was like :O DOUGIE THATS HARSH!!! are you happy he replied?
8	@iseric ill buy you one
8	Last day of college today!
8	on the way to nanny  school starts tomorrow! one step closer to being a teacher!
8	@kristyknox Sounds like fun... I think?! LOL! I naughty, should be ironing and watching NK porn on youtube instead! LMAO!
8	just woke up..busy busy busy 2day...bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake, bleach hair again &amp; see my boo
8	@Nickems that would be great!!!  thanks!!
8	@what_tha lol  congrats!
8	.. Starting a new week ;) Going to the GYM today ;) Hi to everyone
8	i'm glad we did a good job
8	Came home early from school to catch up on my lack of sleep. Thanks @thebamboozle
8	Clambering about in crashed cars. Hilarious fun
8	@DonMcAllister  Now I need to find the Keynote one! At least I know where to go! #ScreenCastsOnline
8	@SoulSistaNindy what did someone do? and good morning
8	27 Followers  23 More....for Twitter Party!!!!!
8	radianborge is learning the ways of being the padre de pamilya   go go go borgie!
8	@butterflydi i'll be back on it later today, got plenty of gold, but willing to help you out, if you need anything at all
8	Getting ready to to to school
8	coffee time
8	School... haha well I hope Today is fun. I will post my regular updates during the day. Follow Me and Stay Updated!
8	Hey @robluketic &quot;keep clear&quot;   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
8	Looks like the sun is making a comeback in the midwest!!!! Happy Monday to me
8	@medscholar08 try #fireflight first... female fronted metal is awesome..  ..  Unbreakable album would be a good start!
8	@RX2904 Nice! You should submit that to failblog.org
8	@SarahWV hehe indeed it is, I actually nearly changed my bio to just 'Don't Panic' but I wanted to keep in the #freehugs
8	@Vacant_Stained http://twitpic.com/4jhe5 - I LOVE it!  that is just so awesome
8	@dougiemcfly   god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing...  and addicting
8	this is my second to last biology and the first time that i have ever been on time. Haha.
8	@Madinafire Buying my copy today, so excited! Need to learn it for friday  Good luck in sheffield
8	I am so excited Rob Thomas is back!
8	@catatonickid @YogaChicky  @shiv379 Shiv, his place, slowly I hope
8	@jetpacks YAY! I can't wait to read it.
8	@cakelulu He doesn't need the shirt for that Jane...we just had to suffer another two old eps tonight
8	@rozarin whaa?  you really should.  2 and 3 are definitely optional, though.  I liked them, but I'm also crazy.
8	is exhausted, Bamboozle was amazing
8	Liking the Windows 7 Release Candidate so far... (also liking my new video card and terabyte harddisk  )
8	@goofygeorge You are totally welcome to come hang out on my wiki  Do it, do it!
8	@worshiper_7 Wow that's a big list...lol. I would be happy if I got half of that done. Now I feel lazy...thanks. Just kidding
8	@peacePEACEout I totally did go! and he was AMAZING. He's is the reason I bought the tix. He only did 3 songs. But Blood Bank was 1.
8	Beautiful monday morning  so happy  http://myloc.me/tCt
8	Happy Star Wars day everyone
8	@abbyhangsi thanks gail  imma try this one day! looks yummy! geezzz. after my siargao trip nlng pla. heheh.
8	@michaelmagical haha i think thats a great idea
8	Is actually feeling awake today
8	@Elise_Smith they are very yummy, i'm eating one too!  BAGELS!
8	JONAS is awesome! I just watched Groovy Movies  Frankie,, was weird lol
8	&quot;I love knowledge. I love thinkin. Fressshman. Fressshman.&quot; pellericious math song
8	@dannywood glad u could check in with us today. keep in touch.
8	@PHILIPGRANGER Thanks for the follow! (raises hand) I am
8	is going to work an amazing charity event for big brothers big sisters. i don't mind working if its for a good cause
8	@macpowell I'M AWAKE, AND HAPPY!
8	my sugar-free redbull is on sale at Winn Dixie woo hoo!  I am going to need them this week
8	Such a beautiful morning
8	Good morning
8	Saw Xmen Origins on Sat! By far the BEST Xmen movie! AMAZING!!!
8	good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you.
8	@djEDGE34 WOw, that's a lot of work.  I hope today is a day off for you.    I'm working as usual.  But, getting some playtime in too.
8	@jacqueline47 as long as you're not going to melt LOL. Hubby has an umbrella set up to keep him dry when he grills
8	cALL mE wiErD, bUt I jUs LuV rAiNy DaYs! MaKeS mE feeL sO waRm &amp; cOzY iNsIdE  LoL
8	@mwahihi Yes. Nag twitter. HAHA  Thanks. LM.
8	Got 5 new followers yesterday! Yay  Just need 11 more til 50
8	Today is check in day for week 12 of the Artist's Way! Hurray time to celebrate another good completed journey.
8	Today is Will's first baseball game!  GO BATS!
8	@DanielleBean peace &amp; quiet.  Enjoy it while it lasts!
8	Good day all. Let's see what we can get accomplished today together.
8	@xeydna sounds good, the one I was too was also fun
8	@battle4acure Hey!    Good AM to you too!
8	Finally upgraded to Spotify premium - exceeded my threshold of awesomeness some time ago. Now where's the iPhone app &amp; remote @spotify?
8	Good Monday to all. It's still wet outside but inside I'm sunny  I'm feeling a surge of warmth and energy. This will be a good day!
8	@oninobaka you know it's a place with &quot;Action&quot;
8	@vbnavarro Love that song! Happy Monday
8	@sabbymcguire aiyo! so poor thing eh you! nevrmine la, the night is still young
8	@thomassmith Yo Thomas! thanks for the follow  Social Media Director at Disney? That's awesome! I'd like to learn more! Lets do lunch
8	school for a bit. glad jake got the day off
8	YAY!  A bright and shiny new week to play with
8	@TheFifthSister So happy you came and said hi! Twas very nice to meet you indeed  Thanks so much for coming over and talking to me
8	Finally Ubuntu 9.04 arrived as a disc
8	@elderwand oh i see   so what are you having today?? hehe
8	what a beautiful day not to got to my first class
8	@sweetemmaxxx yeeh. i also have a thing for drummers  basically, all guys have 2 do is play an instrument or sing and im all theirs :p
8	were you born in a barn? would you like some hay? 8-)(8) youtube the mother song
8	@MikeyConner Hey I bought that Porter Cable 4-piece set.  My new drill has an LED light near the trigger.  Oh I'm so happy.
8	Was watching @timminchin downstairs  Now getting ready for bed. Piano in the morning.
8	Listening to olivia play!!  lol!
8	Starting my internship today, pretty excited!
8	Brooklyn!!! We went hard!!! Now back up top!! But 1st Hajji's...yea again  http://tinyurl.com/codla7 http://ti.. http://tinyurl.com/cr8hjs
8	@alitherunner good. that was the intent.  hopefully others get the same vibe
8	May the 4th be with you
8	jb are so cute!  lmfao -giggles-
8	Happy #starwarsday
8	cooked my own Lunch todayy  Givin' my mum a relaxin' dayy.
8	When I check google analytics I can always get to google.com/anal before Safari's auto-fill kicks in. Makes me laugh
8	@DHughesy you should so host the next logies, i only laughed at your bit really
8	getting ready for summy yummy cocoa crispies
8	@DianneMR I like that!
8	@Bball4life Florida should be nice.
8	@ukrainiac yea, I was just about to say something  It's great to hear! Ukrainian!
8	1st place at competition, and superior.
8	so most kids love my dark hair some say that I dye it too much and they never know what color its going to be  yea me hahahahaha
8	@Snuffel16 gl and say hi for me!
8	@Its_Claire LOL  I will buy u some big star wars pants 4 Xmas !!!
8	At work making more $$.. The only thing that keeps me going is knowing I can SHOP some more once I get paid  I'm becomin a SHOPAHOLIC hehe
8	Its raining cats and dogs here, in Mysore! Thankfully, no pigs/swines!
8	I'm going to estonia!  woohoo!!
8	@dages58 lol after this weekend yea ur right  text me cause im goin to 3rd and they dont have computers there  bye bye
8	tea numver 7  (i may start on the coffee in a minute but that has way too much caffene in :S)
8	@azmomofmanyhats @rocknrod @gailelaine @sarahstanley  Good morning to you !  Its so pretty outside today
8	@HilzFuld haha this tripped me up once when I was talking to Harvard - I read it as an aussie automatically - came off as an idiot
8	#Happy Stars Wars day....Me's a JA-JA BINKS ha  A crappy day outside though ah well makes me have a bit more motivation to revise
8	@mynameismo Good Morning - here's hoping it's a good one for ya!
8	@TiernanDouieb Oh gosh I hope so. How fun!
8	Hey @robluketic wow cheers for the insight ppl  looks FUN oh im just stunned..it's AWEOMSE!!!   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
8	@tonyalangford It was pretty cool. The kids *and* the adults had fun.
8	@BrentO what about aPORKalype Now for the made for TV movie?
8	@clemchaz Thank you so much!  Have a fantastic day!
8	wats up in your world x) i just won a basketball game  best shooter on the team  idk if shooter existes lol but you understand haha
8	@archiedineros Yup I stayed until the very very end  Exciting!
8	@batman1952 You know what?  That cowboy hat in your pic made me smile today (you don't see many of those in Japan)
8	@OlorinLorien I know, snooker on though. @nicolaherbert and I ate huge fans
8	@RizzoTees LOL, point at yourself and laugh!
8	@Nawarii22 ur welcome  u finished ur speech (typed it and written notes)
8	am chillaxin after a busy BankHoliday, Hope everbody had a gd wkend! Holiday in 12 days!!!  xx
8	@frostedfroslass bahaha.... tax folder and phone books, they have such double meanings
8	@unodeellos where have you been? LOL
8	I want it NOW..  finally found what I wanted ..
8	whos going to see reemer on wednesdayy  me and kirsty are going (A) im well exited !!!
8	@dannisaywhat LOL kk i've sent u a friend request
8	On our way to St. Martin!!! Vacation for a week
8	@shanedawson haha yay We love you too Mr. Shane Dawson
8	well being a retired drummer I can do my own drum roll so all you need to do is read my posts since they take a ton of time  lol
8	@dougiemcfly : dougie, it's coffee. There's no &quot;I&quot; on coffee. Hahaha and your name comes up as predicted text. Pretty awesome
8	aaahhh...just woke up! feels good to sleep in on a monday!!!
8	@eric_andersen thank you Eric!  glad u appreciate that!
8	@JGDemas Hey Muffin, good morning to you! Grt textin wif ya last night
8	Make sure u pick up Chrisette Michele's new album EPIPHANY in stores tomorrow May 5th! You will love it! Promise!  Congrats @epiphanygirl
8	YAAAAY! I think I might have Aced my history test today!
8	eating maccies
8	@afiaa_afaya who??  the_handsome_blue_beast?? hhihihuahauu
8	The voice of Nemo turns 15 today. Thanks #NPR
8	@PushPlayCJ hey  yall were amazing at bamboozle! thanks for stopping to take apicture on saturday.. seemed like you were in a rush though!
8	@jerzicua I didn't say I met *all* the awesomest people, just a bunch of them.
8	@ inthebattle its really cute. One of my favorites.
8	Starting my work week with a little AC Newman
8	@mrsgizara  we are at FOrt Belvoir, on base.  Hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  I cant wait for pug pups!!  I just looooove mine!
8	@MissEileen hahaha  Really, I'm just trying to figure out the last time he was on FB by looking at all of his friends pages
8	What a grey bank holiday. Watching Wallace and Gromit cheered me up
8	I hope everyone had a great weekend! I will be here on and off today as I have 2 important meetings today
8	finally seventeen
8	good morning  tis a rainy Monday morning...blahhh!
8	I can has warm chocolate, I is happy now.
8	@shayMonkey I'm comin wit u!!
8	@GotSoul GREAT song
8	is at school. its her last day. of high school. ever. ever. ever.
8	@b32 WHEW!  I'm just going to focus on family time and more swim suit shopping for the rest of my vacay! Thanks for the kind words
8	Ok, seems I need to remember what account I'm posting as..... That last tweet was a @Geelong_FC tweet!
8	@FoolProofDiva  have a good day!
8	I just got my leavers do dress!!!!
8	@gerdaduring i know they are delicious.miss germany but like holland as well as we used to shoppin there at weekends.lol
8	Last day to sign up for GoCincinnati! www.crossroads.net/gocincinnati you can sign up with my group.. its going to be AWESOME
8	@ifyoucdenise kk, awesome.
8	@kayenchante thanks   got a hold of someone there who knew their stuff..at last!
8	Office til around 6 today. Good day yesterday...I have a BSc now
8	thanks for the props
8	@deversum I've gotta watch out for those stealth skillz! I always forget.
8	is rotting away at her desk. Would've been really down and out but thanks to YL, you made my day. You're the best support system - EVER!
8	@geerlingguy http://tinyurl.com/dlqo2p is a good one, nice
8	@savepolaroid happy polaroid week back at ya! #roidweek yeah
8	Version 2 of our live, interactive Trans-Siberian ticket planner is launched: http://tinyurl.com/c5ljwm - its very cool
8	shouldn't have stayed up til almost 2 reading &quot;rules&quot; but i did. such a good book. totally worth the sleep deprivation.
8	My phone works! Its whack. Well good morning. Gonna go eat breakfast with neil before school starts
8	m still watchin Boston Legal tho it cracks me up 2, scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh!!!
8	It's weird waking up in my own bed. Slightly comforting, but i miss the group. But i'm loving using my own pillow again!
8	@gabyrosario Thanks for the shoutout
8	now that was my first try at any other language on Twitter other than english
8	yEssss!!! goT ma TwiN oN LoCK!!!  weLcomE tWiiN
8	@gabbyfek yaaaaaay i get to see you too   looking forward to cupcakes and fun.
8	@FunderCats Munderday. I like that.
8	@impaulgriffiths pauly wallly ! you made my life fucking happy as hell and i love you x3 you should reply back to me
8	@jlovely crossing my fingers for ya! &amp; hey you'll be on my side of town!  Welcome! LOL
8	Just wants the morning to be over already! In another 5 or 6 hrs. My summer will officially begin  THANK THE JORD!!
8	I really want to be a star...Hope Flawless will work
8	@THEREALNOM hehe  now im smiling... but u still gotta make it up to me
8	@Kelly_StrayCat   haha ty
8	Heading off to Hollywood Studios today  Manta and Kraken were both awesome yesterday, feeling like doing a few more rides!!
8	getting ready to lay out by the pool....
8	is gonna go yoga-ing with a jumbo cup of coffee!!!!! Thinking about it is making her very happy!!
8	@zzybug thankfully it's just a really bad sinus infection. they're just watching out for me since i've traveled recently. thanks though
8	@robinmeyers Looks like you did the full Lincoln Marathon yesterday? That is awesome, the HM was tough for me
8	yay for my very last class of the semester!
8	Morning everyone!!!
8	Good Morning Sunshines!
8	@MsPonita 9 more week! July 8th. Flolloping just perfectly describes the way she moves my belly  hehe
8	Good morming my sunshines! Have a beautiful day! Last day of classes for me!
8	@kapilb oh optician! how did i not think of that. thanks
8	Chick fil a on the morning of my final...that is a must!!  *amj*
8	Had a great weekend with John-back to work for 3 days then going to Illinois on Thurs &amp; Fri for more Gigs with John
8	@DaLionofjudah Hey, you!! ;) Call me this week!! Gotta go hang out ... could use the de-stress!!
8	@easytouch lets go home
8	Staying home to work on a linoleum block carving for a project (due tomorrow). There will probably be pictures.
8	its raining!! gng for rain dance
8	@lollipop26 great interview, your videos are my favorite on youtube
8	@Raehole @melissahope did you ladies see ghost of girlfriends past? i really liked it! &amp; would totally see it again if  u haven't
8	@pricelessrock i'm doing good. i enjoy the rain  i hope you are well too.
8	Good Morning people!!! Have a great day
8	@jessejane looks to be a great morning already!
8	Got told I got a good chance at gettin the job  I am so so excited .omgggg. When I come back I want too...
8	Nope didn't get up at 730 930 is nice also
8	The rain outside motivates me to sleep.
8	May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!  http://ow.ly/52Aw
8	@YatPundit would be funny to see folks leaving jazzfest nola with something like your FollowStats, but &quot;FoodStats&quot;: Gained 17lb, Lost 0
8	Hey @robluketic its back!!    (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
8	@Teifion Thanks, I'm glad you liked it. It's a flower made of diamonds
8	going to the cinema to see ghost of girlfriends past!
8	&quot;I will stumble.. I will fall down... But I will not be moved  &quot;
8	@ben_stiller They sure DO. More than 40,000 to boot!
8	@darrendoyle Oh I had lots put on my desk during those years  I guess if they've done it to you then it would be ok to do it back lol
8	@petethevet Thanks!
8	Back from Sweden! It was great, hot and sunshine. Now i am walking around looking red  Back to the writing again!
8	@echoinghim it was my pleasure playing guitar for you!  So fun
8	@YuraF Nope wasn't kidding at all.  Sometimes I think of you as Forest Gump (during his running years).
8	Why kiss the feet of the people who kick you when you can be anything that you want to?  morning everyone! Hope you have the best day ever
8	@froggie775 I'll be one of your &quot;groovy guys&quot; any time, shortie short  #photofollows
8	@treasaint salad stuff, some chillis, whatever my horti mate gives me really, think it will be fun to do
8	is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can't wait for the glenn ball!
8	@Kitty4Peace how fun!  where is the twitpic! I had purple hair once...
8	@shefinds Great job!
8	says Finally, Im home.  http://plurk.com/p/rr121
8	@sortingtrolley sorry missed your post earlier about Edinburgh.  I am biased towards its awesomeness!  Glad you enjoyed your visit
8	@amytropolis wow. sounds heavenly.  we're just doing a quick drive to north carolina. i can't wait
8	@jspruett have a safe trip joshy poo.......you'll knock them dead at your speech
8	@parjoy sounds like the muffler bearings are going bad
8	this weekend was a very relaxing one.. i was at my cousin's place and watch a tv series &quot;Tru Calling&quot; really cool
8	@ajaimk Also, HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!!!
8	@andysowards andy!! It's great this am. About to wall over to the first day of An Event Apart! So exciiiiiiiting.  How r u mate?
8	All dressed now everything
8	@Sam_Ho Naw; it was before the 15 mins bug (where tanks would stop spawning after 15 mins)  I'm glad I get to keep it
8	@TackStoreLady I'm coming in today to get my other hat and my $5 credit!
8	@ash2good99 yay were all saved! Weve overcome god again!
8	Watched 'The boy in the striped pj's' the other day too..one of the best films I've ever seen.
8	had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  Yummy!
8	I'm pondering lunch at Shane's. I think. I can already hear people whining about it...
8	On my flight headed 2 denver...see yall in a min
8	How I Met Your Mother? Best show ever
8	@deanomarr That sounds cool! And you're paying - even better
8	@lilrainbow89 hi thanks for following me. u doing much? been a long time since i last chatted to u
8	I'm glad someone slept with me last night. My doggy  I would take a picture but I don't see my laptop.
8	@MsMandyMay Awesome pics! It's a nice way to start the week
8	@my3boybarians Laughing at my &quot;ah ha&quot; moment. Off to get some coffee.
8	@miss_om &quot;If I should paint my fingernails green- oh and it just so happens I do paint them green...&quot;  Marvelous
8	Starbucks I'm lovin' it
8	Gettin check outta school cause im siccck. Goin to pick up jimbbbbo.
8	I wash my dishes Like a boss!! LOL
8	@subtleserpent I'm fine - day off actually so relaxing with laptop. Haven't done a single other thing yet.
8	and we have mega sunshine this morning!!!
8	@auflutterfly Thanks! I registered
8	If you are new and in need of a few followers say &quot;TWEET ME&quot; Person with lowest followers will get a shout out!  U have 30mins
8	@wendyyoung Damn. She got it on the first try.
8	@hotpants79 of course i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool
8	6th street was amazing this weekend!!! The wedding was fantastic.. but im really really tired at work from the long eventful weekend
8	the new T-Mobile advert in Trafalger Square looks like a lot of fun  Except if there was a load of pigeons there too.
8	I just downloaded a ton of stunning, BEAUTIFUL wallpapers from www.interfacelift.com - go have a look.
8	@lilazngangsta have a awesome day at school!!!
8	@cwong5 same to you bud. Kudos on your hardcore gym training, it's a great lifechanging experience, keep it up!!!
8	@RyanSeacrest have a god day  xx
8	@sea_breez Yer please do! Have a good day!
8	never twittered b4 but here i am wondering what to do next...jared?!?!
8	@maenad_au my pleasure... hey it was played at my going away from nz party back in 87 lots   so it is burned into my brain
8	Went outside and picked flowers with Marina! i love picking flowers haha
8	manang is back! had a great dinner!  super busog :O
8	@PoisonIvy69 Fine thanks, not long now till Christmas....I'm excited
8	Worked out for about an hour.. nothing to hardcore. Sitting in Starbucks waiting to start work
8	Really? I can only go in 1Direction at a time?! UGh!  Gotta take authority over the time 2day!  Say hello! Don't be a stranger! BeBlessed!
8	@sadknob right now if be happy to win a packet of salt n vinegar crisps  or a new exhaust as mine fell off on the A1 !
8	@missyIbee Not a problem at all sis - respect due
8	@EllenMalloy thanks for trying   I was hoping Bud Trillin, but the Fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed.
8	lol good times in the journalism back room...everyone else thinks we're weird now
8	got tickets to go with dad and his girlfriend to see Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, and the Arc Angels on June 24th @ Toyota Center! WOO!
8	@stephenfry hong kong is great for crazy &quot;English names&quot;. A friend works with a &quot;miss chewbacca leung&quot;
8	@gfalcone601 hmmm toughie! haha you are so alike to tom with all these questions  xx
8	@blueskiesxj  i like yours too   i enjoy your photography. =]
8	Can't wait to see Set Your Goals at Leeds. Lots of website work to do today and its not on my own
8	http://tinyurl.com/c8nlzh - forgot how much I like this song
8	Por Favor!!! Only need FIVE more!  http://tinyurl.com/dzcpg3
8	@mafeinberg At least you have a large vocabulary -- the benefit of being a writer   Hope you're well, sister.
8	@djnvs LoL! there u go..that's the spirit haha
8	Ar work bored...hope Tiff gets here soon then the fun can start
8	Going to IKEA with the roomie so she can shop for her apartment. IKEA is in like my top ten stores that I love
8	http://twitpic.com/4jj43 - Me and Ari
8	Watching Ryann!!  Gonna be a grand day!!!
8	@Dhanraj1974 good luck with you finals!!!
8	I got a raise and praise!!!! Great way to start Monday off
8	I promise to post new mini magical village today, the weather is perfect for it   See preview here: http://pengpengsplace.blogspot.com
8	@khorshid I hope to see you soon again
8	@FransJr ... Lol! Probably a little sweeter in the carribbean! Tropical island sounds wonderful.
8	@absolutspacegrl I could feel the excitement in that tweet! ;) I'll be watching the launch on NASA tv! How I love my directv!  seriously.
8	[Aeroplanes - We Know, Plato!] One of my favorite WKP songs!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jq91
8	Sooo readyyy for the summerr babyyyy!!!!!!!!!
8	@twitlonger Hi x Your websites soo cool i love using it  Thank you
8	Star Trek in HD.... I'm impressed.... Beam me up Spotty!
8	Todays goal: Tweet more @ work  Im off to a good start but havent left the house yet. Welcome new followers! I hope your not too bored yet
8	Just jailbroke david's iphone in computer programming.
8	ohay clean teeth
8	I need a break! I NEED KITKAT! haha!
8	@Wally_v10 grax
8	@kristianc count me in
8	it's monday. yayy.. need to get my demi lovato tickets before they sell out!
8	monday morning . lets whip out some code today
8	http://twitpic.com/4jj4j - Birthday Breakfast! Yummm- chai &amp; an apple fritter
8	Good morning everyone
8	@StaceysJustFab blackberry messenger rocks! Its basically IM-ing with other BB users that u add, so like ur friends. Saves on texts
8	@Stevebrown87 Noo, good guys are better  x
8	Finally picked up some handwraps, but struggling to wrap my stronger hand with the other! Defo should have got some a lot sooner though
8	@ponet thats funny.. actually.. i could use a haircut...might be growing it out thru August for Woodstock Anniversary Party....40 yrs
8	@markhoppus ahaha its stuck in my head; thanxx
8	@elegyofhope haha you didnt see my macbook or my 24'' imac in that pic, so feel extra jealous lolll
8	@clyp1976 thanks!! I definitely will! The next season will be rainy and it comes in two month's time!!
8	@LarryTill I had recommended Harney &amp; Sons (http://www.harney.com/) from where I order much of my tea, I think.
8	@NEENZ I was just at Sky Harbor on Friday.    How are you?
8	Feeling pretty good this morning! Lets hope it lasts through the day
8	Going to French. Anyone want to pick me up?
8	death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  its a good way to start the day.
8	listening to dave barnes, getting really excited for junior senior
8	@CHRISDJMOYLES Get you lol what time we eating id hate to be late
8	It's soupy-soup time. Today: Heinz Cream of Chicken and Mushroom - yum! bbl
8	@m_jonas101 WOW they're totally amazing and they're more than awesome
8	@shay1988 lol same here....wish there was a way to microsize everything...lol
8	@RyanMills1 safe &amp; easy travels Mills. I'll miss u
8	Gooood morning!
8	@Nicholina6....got your message!!! You are such a twitter freak!
8	New project, new mess
8	A new week = new legend to make.
8	Sometimes all it takes to solve our problems is a fresh morning!! Hope today is beautiful for you
8	@Rene_Kay2 welcome to Twitter babes! I know what you mean...still trying to figure this out
8	@Joy_B I don't know but they aren't worth it, only 6 people actually showed up lol
8	@sharonkneadles Best of luck to you
8	@JAJMiami  Happy Monday!!  Hope you have a great week!
8	is excited to see Samantha&amp;Denise again  http://plurk.com/p/rr5id
8	@lopps_1999  ohh, that is so cute, fishing is so peaceful!  your daughter looks so focus in what she is doing
8	@mandydean thanks, Mandy!  What a good sister you are. @krikkert That may be true, but unfortunately my road tires can't say the same.
8	@sentimentalizzy Yeah, hope so. I'm excited
8	I always get really excited when 'Steal My Kisses' by Ben Harper comes on the ipod...great song...love the beat-boxing in the beginning
8	@ComedyQueen LOL it's overcast but otherwise ok. I'm tired but otherwise ok
8	@coollike http://twitpic.com/4jg09 - haha she looks a little like u charlie lol
8	It is certainly spring in Vail, Co.  It is raining and snowing!  Doesn't mother nature know the mountain is closed for the ski season!
8	so its been forever since I've tweet, just wanted to say thaty I love bill! and I hope ya'll have an amazing week
8	@toddkashdan thanks Todd. Enjoyed reading your blog too - I had a little cheer for good old Alfred Wallace. Curious to read your book
8	just joined Twitter...     Hiya world!
8	@kazab I like them. I mean I like what's left of them.
8	@lulazoid So vacation is good so far?
8	is exhausted from a great weekend, and is looking forward to this week
8	Wolverine was much fun, but Gambit was a bit disappointing.  Neither smooth nor Cajun enough for my taste. Pretty though
8	Omg!!! Is this the sun glimpsing through the clouds?! Woohoo!
8	@yogadarla @Gypsy_Yogini @Rock_My_Soles @Lotuspad i am sooo jealous  in a good way of course.  LC is awesome.
8	@PeterDowley  i've seen inkheart- i liked it too
8	@thegirlRiot there's nothing wrong with having a quiet day... it gives you more time to listen
8	Beer, Smoki and Lucky Strike...good times, good times   At work...drawing stuff
8	is at the farm doing what i do best...RIDING MY ASS OFF!!!...get at me
8	I only have one day left in school  My 16th is approaching
8	@melindarice same here, as long as i get to watch it somewhere i'm happy
8	Working, Listening to music,Testing out a new singer/guitarist tonight, let's hope for the best
8	@THEDIAMONDCOACH  Hey my friend need some inspiration...  no one can do it like you.. @deadplaygroud   Thanks
8	@HiveMindMovie and Miss Fizzy Duck loves Hive Mind too
8	@junelover just email em to the email i gave u thanx awesome person
8	workin a long day today... hopefully i can make some good tips
8	Taping at Cox then picking up starbucks for the office bc I am so nice
8	is excited about Taylor Swift on wednesday!!!
8	@lindsayrcg hehe, I can almost hear out of my right ear now  Can you yet?
8	feeling so great!
8	@dejam88. Well gotdamn girl!!! I dont know what else!!!!  I'm sleepy again! Grrr
8	@myfabolouslife here I am!
8	@SuzyDaFloozy we dont have the points yet, was talkedabout it though - first ticket I get in my whole driving career up to date, not bad
8	OMG! i'm almost done with the last block on this quilt! Just a few hours of work left  i can't wait to meet my goal
8	@thedustball main event has not happened yet, but he is doing well so far
8	@techn0crat .. IN SWEATERS
8	Monday, Monday. Mr. Cade is home on the couch &amp; I have lots to do today!
8	'k, going to curl up and watch random mind-numbing DVD in hopes that rest will cure runny nose. Night folks
8	Happy Star Wars day ! May the 4th be with you
8	Time for school  i'm feelin good.. 5 AM jogs do good. ~aloha
8	@misterdevans   Well....hopefully someday soon you can get one!
8	back to school! feels like its gonna be a great day
8	I went to the World Education fair today. It was a whole different kind of circus.
8	@JesssEv me too dawg  thanks so much!
8	@gfalcone601 you should come to Estonia, I know some epic horses here, hehe, and a good trainer and good beaches were to ride!
8	YO I'm just on the computer
8	@sandsP Thanks for the FollowFriday suggestion!
8	Watching 1st Potter film with kids and eating their sweets  Grotty bank hol weather in Hoylake. Typical !
8	@__emilyy you guys are the bomb haha
8	@EliteAffairs This was funny! I have 7.
8	@DavidArchie oh! La Roux is a band right?? An English electropop synth duo band ..  cool!
8	@cubedweller What are we doin!!?? Tell me! tell me!
8	@Jerrica_Perez That's great! I hope I'll study with my bff too and we'll live together. well..we will see
8	@extremejohn @FLallday @hursty810 Caladesi was definitely a nice peaceful way to spend a Sunday! I got a lil tan!
8	Don't follow your dreams; chase them.- Richard Dumb (who I think is very smart
8	@MrDDG classes. n bout to make sum breakfast..
8	@RPauline8913 don't you just love the &quot;butteflies in your stomach&quot; feeling?  ano man yun, kaya mo yan.
8	@pchaganti concur with http://tr.im/kmVl, but people can't wait. Don't stop making VAS. When clouds become a commodity, do &quot;cross-cloud&quot;
8	@MonroeOnABudget thanks for the link love yesterday by the way
8	@0xcafebabe I haven't heard anything negative yet. As a former manager used to tell me: If they're quiet, be happy
8	@Nessepes if you register now, you'll be able to buy in pre-presale next year. Saturday's gonna be mayhem on internet, wake up early girl
8	awake  slept in a little cuz no construction. now studying bio alllll day but i dont mind.
8	@ceot Thanks! I have a Teflon liver (Being Scottish, I was raised on whisky)
8	i just successfully defeated the swine flue with the power of positive thinking!  #Swineflu #H1N1 #Swine Flu
8	17 again was funny
8	@marieskizo Amazing! The concert, the city, everything. It was really an awesome trip
8	@RealHughJackman You were absolutely amazing in the Wolverine  you're sooo beautiful !! you're also such an amazing person, i look up to u
8	@VengeanceChrist hey girl i just sent ya a message on Myspace
8	@eeUS I sure hope so!
8	today will be productive: gym now....lots and lots of writing later
8	Sent Twitterville 1.2 off to Apple for review  More screenshots etc will be released later this week.
8	@jay2busy I do now LOL.
8	@Ian_Stokoe I bet! I can imagine how much work it is making a movie. I can't wait to see it
8	Heather is awake now
8	@leinadani haha i just realised it sounded a lot like stellllaaa lol. anyhoo i got ur facebook msg and will start working soon hopefully
8	@CoachCharrise its funny, I didn't even know it was there!
8	@davechapman A new baby? How exciting  Congrats in advance
8	@mcflyyerr yess, they came to amsterdam on the 18th of april  best night everr! have you?
8	Six Flags this weekend? Sounds right!
8	Received our first bit of spam from Twitter - not sure how to feel that the &quot;sanctity&quot; of our conversation has been tainted.
8	getting ready for the dayyyyyyyyyyyy. i hope work goes good!
8	@amcmoore Have fun, hon! Ooh, look what a poet I am.
8	so I slept in a little...well a lot. whooops
8	Morning...tired should i excercise or jus relax need to catch up on sleep..Ladies would you like to see Shemar Moore @ Embassy? Hit me up
8	Is off today and gonna go shopping!! T-minus 22 days til CUUUBA!!
8	This is going to be a great and productive week - I can just feel it!!!  POSITIVE THINKING is the key
8	Happy Star Wars day!!  unbelievable
8	HAPPY JUDDDAY
8	Ten min. on what I'm doing to stimulate biz.  18% off sale, good customer service, awards, Breast cancer camp., koozies, product variety
8	@adland thanks for a nice blog post! @peterrosdahl should however be given some creds since he has done at least half of the work on it
8	@barroca serio barroca?? parabens!!!!!!! May the 4th be with you!
8	Ive chosen Grease
8	@chiacy  Thanks
8	Gettin ready to hit up the mall w/my mom &amp; Jayden!  DO ALL THINGS W/FAITH!!!!
8	@DavidArchie Shoping till you drop david..haha..enjoy your day
8	@svickn G'morning! Good to know you're alive and well today!
8	@udupendra I'll keep that in mind when he gets tonked for 40 off his 4 overs.
8	@peacesignpamFOD that David -- nice to know he feels so comfortable &quot;twitting&quot; or &quot;tweeting&quot; us.   I have a feeling he misses home.
8	@RyMartinez Good morning, baby  Yes, i slept like a rock. Refreshed &amp; ready for anything. How are you? *hugs you &amp; doesn't let go* Miss u
8	Thank you all for proving my point
8	3 years in 2 months!! hooorah! can't wait!
8	looking forward to body works today
8	May the 4th be with you  I couldn't resist!!
8	uploading all my bamboozle pictures of facebook
8	omg 44 tweets till 8k  and only about 90 tweets difference btween b and comedyqueen
8	morning all   will be at Warner soon! lots to do, then go to school for some work... hope everyone has a great day!!!
8	Getting ready for school...hope today is a happy and awesome day
8	Going to Houston and Nola this weekend with @jill5455. Who wants to join us?
8	@evanmcbroom I'm sure Mayor Brainard will be thrilled to hear that you're a fan.
8	@boydhilton Thank you so much for the Retweet  x
8	Liam peed in the potty!!
8	rosales is cool
8	He is so silly.  http://twitpic.com/4jk6b
8	Little girls and their shallowness annoy me. On the good side i didnt straighten my hair at all today and it looks some what decent
8	@solangeknowles I'm going to the show in Amsterdam!  Can't wait!
8	Little one's cast is taking a beating. It is starting to show some wear and tear and it has been on less than a week. She is too active!
8	Skipping school like all the cool kids do
8	Having so much fun! Haley is super-cute on the beach, she LOVES it! Millions of pics to come, of course.
8	home.Going to be a warm day on top of it. Is it Friday yet?
8	@JBCP Separate desks, computers, and sides of the room with short dividers...but, we're thinking we need them to extend to the ceiling
8	dance gavin dance/attack attack/a skylit drive tonight!  i'm so exciteddddd
8	@jermtech @bradconner I do the same thing to anybody covering dave... haha... we don't like people messing with perfect music.
8	@Arizona_Abby Thank you. I will check that out
8	@Cpopulus happy birthday corey!!
8	@lucascruikshank http://twitpic.com/4i2zu - wow, thats so cool!
8	lmao...ummmm nothing...
8	@psuedonym Alternatively you could spend the afternoon reading &quot;Pride and Prejudice and Zombies&quot;
8	@Xlex Glad you are happy!
8	@peckhar shld says.. great phone
8	Through to quaterfinals of charity football tournament. My penalty save sent us through
8	allo! twitterville! how is everyone doing this morning...hope everyone had a great weekend mine was pretty good! its monday (blah) !!!!
8	Had lunch. Watching holes on bbc1.
8	@storrao Thank you  respects to our designer @luismvaz
8	at workyy, trying to get on point with all that I have to do  smile!! &lt;3Lin-Man tonight!!
8	Hey Tweeps...good morning. Wussup America...Talk to me tell wut's on ur mind..
8	bored. cold. tired. lethargic feeling. Man! great holiday monday!
8	done with the photo album  as im a good person so i make it quite private for now. pity you ben haha
8	@shawn3k Whoo hoo Chuck! Although it is gloomy out, today is a much better day!
8	Hey @robluketic Bye Bye  was fun too   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
8	http://twitpic.com/4jkea - @edstetzer now has 10,000 followers! Congrats!
8	@annabranch You just let me know how that goes.
8	@hotpants79 In two months i will have something of the kinf of prom  and i'm really excited! and you haven't any contact to her?
8	@Sweetnote Smooches to you as well, have a great day!
8	@DarenYeow Oh wow they are really good  I think Im going to use one of them lol.
8	@lilers at least after this you'll be done!!
8	@Danielindra actually,we r going there in june with my office colleagues,paid by company
8	It's the start of a new week with tons of new photos to take and edit  Yay!!
8	@mmurray Hearing that my songs brighten someone's day always makes ME grin.
8	@tommcfly yeahhh! u've got plenty of great fans!! And in Spain too! u should come and play a gig here!!
8	@CrystalRain Glad to hear you're okay. Could have really hurt, by the sounds of it. Is the couch okay? lol
8	despite rain, having a fantastic day
8	@petewentz wow, i can sleep with my eyes open, tis amaze *i lie*
8	@daveredfly great thanks  looking for a client, maybe I can use this myself, gonna try it
8	@Isapersefone D Well, if you got that DVD then you should get those books too!
8	@Marvel - Does the 1st show count? That would be the midnight show Thurs night/Fri morning
8	I don't have the fake fascination like i once did before. Cause i no longer have to pretend i like you
8	@jerrynovak Thanks, hope you have a good one
8	@gfalcone601 def cheese and onion  however after being back in the states for 4 months, finding a bag of salt&amp;vinegar...they tasted GREAT!
8	Going to workout + swin... fun
8	im going to bed  nighttt nighttt xxo ily's
8	Had a Great weekend!! and is in such a good mood, she doesn't even mind being at work this morning!
8	@chrisfullman I would never do such a thing!  The only thing more awesomerer is the 15 minute walk to work
8	@ScaperSuse  hey!, which song was that? I would like to listen to it
8	@DavidArchie haha that's because you also look amazing in it! have fun!
8	@daniamiwa Were you at the parade yesterday at Powderhorn? Guessing Ava and Bella were similarly mesmerized by the whimsical fairyness
8	c'mon people, today is #juddday
8	Rest earlier is good for your health. So, I say good nite to you all!
8	@dannywood lemme guess - you ran 5 miles at the gym, and are waking your kids up, and then going to the beach and / or recording studio?
8	@himynameisryan let me know how it goes babe  good luck!
8	@spitphyre arre seriously! They shud take his sperm nd clone him into 23 yr old single guys
8	Just had the best shower ever  Still completely deaf in one ear but kinda getting used to it now!! Gonna watch 'the women' now!
8	@serinurshira lol ! You take David lah ! I want Danny  not tom !
8	@boardopboy Picture or it never happened.
8	Happy Monday, Twishers!!  Passing the coffee...
8	Discovered @AlliWorthington and @whoisTodd are sharing on G reader with me and didn't even know it. Sigh.... I'm such a G reader newb.
8	@DutchReaganite Then I'll need plenty of quizzes to get through the work day.
8	putting 3 new consultants to work this week. it's a good feeling!  congrats on your offers
8	waiting for amy so me, her and @reecerentboy can go see the hannah montanna movie!!!
8	@zoelovesarchie @zoelovesarchie it was just true  and you do cause me to having dirty thoughts lol well also some other dude, huh? ;) xoxo
8	happy! did crepe, again!
8	Getting some DMs asking where I fell off to the past few days  I was sick, but am all better now. I appreciate the concern! Game On!
8	@MissDeeeee Then you might enjoy this one too  http://tinyurl.com/ygcp3f
8	@CursedJezzy Thanks for the mascara input. It's appreciated.
8	Oh yeah the camera clipping problems with Void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about
8	hmm i dont know what to do today....cause im done with school...and it feel great
8	Lets get rich and give everyone nice sweaters and teach them how to dance...
8	Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.
8	@Raderr but yeah i like purple maybe thats why!! ;)  :p :d
8	Happy morning Sunshine  It's May 4! I'm driving with the windows down and singing and smiling and not wearing shoes because i'm Kirsten!
8	@lilmoxey Yay for full-term!!
8	Has finally mastered the art to uploading a photo on said Twitter. You can no longer assume I'm a heffer
8	@ThrivingIvory the next single is &quot;Hey Lady&quot;.ok, where is my million dollars??
8	@davidgs Rest is important, but like everything else don't over do it.
8	@ArielSatriani what did you do?haha. just wash your feet and go to bed,mommas boy
8	back from driving and now back to bed
8	@laermer yep - three things: a good haircut, the ability to listen and the value of not taking yourself too seriously
8	Sleeping sounds too good, goodnight my babies, cuddlez for everyone
8	Back at it, but had a GREAT weekend as a buffer
8	@maroon5princess I used to love you lol...so awesome...I knew you'd have an &quot;experience&quot; last night
8	@LukePersonified Yay.  I knew you'd like them if I shut up about them
8	@sassyotaku enjoy NOLA definitely one of my favorite cities in the world. Please have a beignet with chocolate for me
8	@lilxklein i see you hannah klein!. lookin good today
8	@RWAneesa have a safe flight...
8	@CourvidLove4Eva  FC is back dear.
8	@Mofette briliant! May the fourth be with you  #starwarsday #starwars
8	added 30 minutes to morning sleep by cutting out useless Today Show. Feels nice
8	Yayz! Today's is the day I call and see if I got that job! x3 I ish so happy... even though I slept horribly... So I'm kinda drained...
8	Good morning ! Wishing everyone a great week
8	@PatriciaP1977 thanks for the follow
8	@IntriguingDs ... same to you!
8	@dg4G ha! nice.    that's about all the german you're gonna get from me.  after that, it's just counting and jibberish.
8	Happy Star Wars Day to you all
8	had a thrilling time with DAS joyride roadtrip! nice driving Pai and Paulo.  http://plurk.com/p/rrg18
8	@AndreasHale yeah !!
8	Beautiful morning here in the mountains
8	Cute dress!  Hyped  http://lookbook.nu/look/134071
8	I am parked in FS yet no ticket.
8	Goodmorning
8	@snappingturtle @Jonin60seconds requested the date - and he is the guest of honour after all...
8	@LittleFletcher oh yeah...haven't seem that in ages!! got to watch that soon!! thanks for reminding me!!
8	@atomicfern just made my day: http://tinyurl.com/cumqmv
8	subway  im going to get subway....  love it! ate it often when i was in new zealand....
8	from last Montday's award ceremony  http://twitpic.com/4jkvl
8	@Principled I'm grateful that my kids also don't like them, lol.  Textbooks are a tool, not the sole means of education
8	@stellarbeam Dunno yet, would LOVE to though! I keep missing them any other time for some reason :S &amp; have fun!
8	pilot to co-pilot baby we burnin' up   /i cannot stress how much this line works.
8	@latinavanessa I'm sooo ready for a beautifyl day
8	@gamerbabe360 I'm feeling a little sleepy now. Been reading Gunter Grass... wonderful but tiny print. Eyes done in
8	@Agent_M Thanks for remembering
8	I'm Kinda sleepy.. I Was up too late texting a nice boy making date plans for next weekend..
8	@MizFitOnline I agree. I danced with my dad to &quot;Kind &amp; Generous&quot; at my wedding. HUGE fan.
8	@alissawoolery you go girl!!!
8	Back from AOT last lec.. Alot of question marks on my head.. But thank God for all the tips.. Should be able to pull tru
8	@amandamiller Thanks! We're almost there
8	@ChaosSmurf Yes! You do!
8	@llittizzio I'm in a good mood... See?  I'm smiling!!!!!
8	@ROBsessedBlog At least he's in breakthrough performance tho. I just wanted him nominated in his own category
8	Time to get educated  Hope you all are off for a great start on this Monday morning
8	@MrPointyHead Lol at the VATS on The Insiders
8	@FragDolls ok I just love it when big buff tattoed (preferably Christian)  men strut...fluffy dogs are optional
8	@erwin57 Peek-a-boo!! i can see you!!
8	@ileanedover HEYHEYHEYY happy star wars day   watcha doin this friday? up for a movie?
8	@EmilyYoung09 havin fun? x btw isnt it bowling? x  xx
8	happy star wars dayyyy =D and hbd to uncle LEE
8	@horsekisser He's an amazing jockey! Saw that Clydesdale commercial too..loved it!
8	good morning tweeties! what to do today? I am all rested up from Richmond and ready to hit the beach!
8	@merlehenge the lost cost is a total plus.  Nutella is like peanut butter mixed with chocolatey goodness. yumm. ^^
8	All new implementation of test discovery for unittest. This time in a loader. Good start I think.   http://twurl.nl/nz8f4y
8	ooooo I am playing around with my book'smovie trailer (whn I'm not writing of course) &amp; it looks GOOOOOOOOOOD!  I need a release date
8	@jtchan83 Woo Hoo! It's time to play &quot;Name That Twune&quot;
8	@susiecheng We all need that simple reminder-thx!
8	@marimcfly morning!!!! happy #juddday
8	i'm excited about cake class 3 tonight   i'm a nerd
8	Back to reality tomorrow. But I think I will dig me out a cigar and smoke me a good one. Yes i bought 3 boxes of the &quot;GOOD&quot; Ones
8	@spumante hahaha! Yes, I do
8	@k_griffiths There was a good atmos. I decided to stay til closing, very funny!
8	@Doctor_Death Well I'm impressed with your technical skillz
8	@Jaceyjaden whoa!! hahaha! wee going there in a bit! just watching Hugh Jackman's interview at Oprah.
8	16 days until I start moving!
8	@taylorswift13 i wish you could come to Swindon...2 hours away...its my dream to meet you  xoxo
8	@reaching4amomnt it'll be close, but hopefully they can figure it out  they'll be eating nothing but those cookies for the week tho.
8	@CaroleCross Thank you for that!  I know it.
8	@DesiznTech thanks  glad you like it
8	@KatieKrafka oh you crazy kids and your stress. try effed / not effed; followed by acceptance. works wonders for the rest of the world
8	@dolliesierra Awwh....well at least you are up top, where the magic happens!  Today will be a good day, no worries.
8	@rOcketsBABY great thanks hun, i did thr family thing this wknd too! 5 weeks today we hit the USA, cant wait!!
8	@cutegingerbread i do but is just a haul vid/photo slideshow only. I only do it for fun  http://www.youtube.com/eyezaddiction
8	I lke wearing kiddies clothes. Makes me breasticles look all big n stuff
8	In Whin Park on the swings, victory is all mine right now
8	School. School. School.  today seems like it's going to be a great day!
8	ready with learnin today!!! .. and now its twilight time
8	@allysont haha. the pic wrong. haha. now the one is then correct.
8	@dmhome Well, in LA is decent weather. Tell me what's happening in the future
8	@PITCHERPARK i want her more on Survivor!!
8	Man, Monday sucks. What I wouldn't give to be a rich beach bum, diving in a tropical lagoon every day, eating fresh fruit and fish...ahhh
8	Good Morning Tweeters... Happy Monday!  Grab a big cup of coffee it's a new week
8	@electricbluebrd Aw thank you. I suppose it's a good thing since it means more tweeting.
8	@Perpetual_Kid May the 4th be with you
8	@jkarney  #amtarot Thank you so much!
8	@MrsVaught happy birthday, amber! hope it's a great one...and - you're far away from thirty...shhh...you're making us 29'ers feel sad!
8	@mcflyyerr yeah that's trueee  i can't wait till the tour dvd comes out, that tour was so epic (: and the backstage material is hilarious
8	@RainbowSuicide SHOW ME SHOW ME!!!
8	@prisca_eyedea I love last.fm but find it a lot easier (and more content) on spotify  add me on http://last.fm/user/an0key if you like
8	On an operations conference call with the great peeps @campusadvantage team. Y'all make Mondays a bit easier to handle.
8	@Utopia_of_Chas good mornin sunshine...at least the work puter will go faster
8	one of my favorite, most relaxing songs to wake up to: http://tinyurl.com/c8fr3e Good morning.
8	@Brawny2004 true true, I'm writing atm, trying 2 b coherent about the last 4 yrs&amp;string narratives through it but my meats rotting nicely
8	Listening to Miley Cyrus Breakout CD ! love it!
8	@SedzOz no actually it gets rid of the bacteria and they thaw out nicely
8	Morning peeps... If you need to get at me you know where I am... I'll be around  ? http://blip.fm/~5jtyh
8	Just checking in to say Good Monday Morning to all my #mamo friends....
8	@emmaemelie haha thanx.. now, twitter is a lot more public at YBC than i presumed
8	just got home from the gym..tennis first then badminton.ehehe!
8	working my ass off and I am completely happy
8	@LarryWalksFast Cool. That'd be fantastic!
8	@artistico The John Lennon poster. My inner fan girl is dancing with joy.
8	@ BeardBurk: Their being optimistic
8	YES!! REPRIEVE!! One paper pushed back until Friday! That leaves just three more pages due by 4:00pm... not even a problem.
8	booziest weekend in a long time, good fun though!
8	@apmckeown it sure is  Hope you're having a great morning
8	167 SQL queries to display one single deal page on OzBargain. Looks like I'll have fun optimising it!  Bad bad Drupal...
8	@mirnygirly If it doesn't work out drop me a line. I would love to talk with you more about this
8	Hey, thanks for the follow, wow this is exciting a new tweet.
8	MORNING EVERY1! Giveaway at http://tinyurl.com/dhc4hg  Mod Kid Emma pattern &amp;$25 GiftCert to HipFabric!! GO check it out
8	@nickdaigle too short as usual...  but was awesome
8	has almost completed the groundwork for Paper Pile.
8	@LilzCREATiONS thanx for showin luv
8	@gloria_hayden Welcome to Twitter!!
8	cute girl is finished with timing That Fool 1~ editing stage and waiting for spot translation.
8	@clockworkmelt LOL I feel like drunk right now...
8	found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o
8	Getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of &quot;Turning Left at Albuquerque&quot; this morning. I know you're excited - so am I!
8	@fotogypc What kind of help do you need with Machine embroidery?  I may bea able to help
8	Hitting the (fairly empty) shops in Orlando! Off to downtown Disney later  http://tinyurl.com/cdsuws
8	Right all strapped in and ready to go   http://twitpic.com/4jloj
8	Even though it is already Monday. Thanks for the #followfriday complements - you know who you are!
8	Back from mountains
8	Paid bills. We get water and electricity for another month  Woot.
8	@jensen_ackles New to Twitter. New to Supernatural - im only 1 day old :0) Jst ordered 1st season, after seein 1 gud random ep lastnte
8	there.  She says it gives her an excuse to sleep in the other bed! LOL  They're different sizes or I would have switched them for her.
8	Just had some 100 calorie Shortbread cookies and a handful of popcorn for breakfast. Think that that will give me some energy
8	@north385com Well I'm obsessed w/all of them - but I watched the first one again last night  glorious! where can i get a wand?
8	what a great day
8	out of office on business....needed the get away
8	@LoveLauriexox - my son plays pitcher and catcher.  Beautiful weather this past weekend for baseball, but I am exhausted!
8	@scottrmcgrew *dancing pirouette ballerina HUGS*  Morning my Awesome brudder!
8	FGinished Doinn Fake Tann Sitting Drinknig Coke And Watching Ink Heart
8	@mikebrinkman Actually, the post shows they know what happens when you overflow...
8	@apizzle86: thanks!  and you being #80 just made my morning!
8	@VisitGalena - we wouldn't miss it for the world!  ICCVB meetings @VisitPeoria Mon-Wed....  the fun is just beginning
8	@ZaraGreen no problem, keep it comin
8	About to Lock In on getting better  staying +
8	@missrogue wow! that is an *awesome* review; carry it with you everywhere; laminate it; read it when down;just plain cool
8	why me? i am about to read another ecology book for two hours. its all good fun today
8	Awh, thank you for your nice replies! Its so different, its scary so you've made me feel better!!
8	@halfwelshdragon those cakes sure look good ,,took one if it's ok with you  ummm good tks
8	@pinkladyjen that's a shame, next time hon  yeah tea on thursday would be delightful thanks bestest sis in law x
8	Happy Birthday Mommy
8	@ssherrill115 Thanks! We're still all passing around germs here but we're surviving.  Have I missed anything?
8	@crazyfirebolt HAHA I LOVE THE WAY U PUT IT &quot;He lifts our feet off the ground spins us around and makes us crazier&quot;
8	@tractorqueen Will do
8	....dont act like your not impressed
8	Happy Star Wars Day - May the 4th be with you
8	Bed def beat out gym this morning  .....still snuggling w Spike.
8	@MsCityCouture chillin wassup ma?? ayo in cali my day just started idk where u r but u have a gud day YA diggg
8	@robluketic  Thank you so much. That was so nice of you and I was happy to hear you voice  You've really started something Good!! xo
8	Ah, that was easy  I just received the new link for the Reegie rig
8	Just wrote up tomorrow's #DWorlds show. @DesigningWorlds followers get a feed soon: mine see it first  http://bit.ly/6jLaL
8	hey peoples, dont you just hate being grounded haha, im just sat eating an apple and watching death note (some anime)
8	@hcolephotos YOU'RE A BIG DAMN DEAL!!!!!!!  Have fun
8	@spazzyyarn he totally got you! ;) i think it's awesome.
8	@infovestment LOL, very true. I've been keeping an eye out for that - they arent very tech savvy so I've been alright thus far
8	@acousticalt I'll be listening!
8	At school 8am to 7pm, then keone chonie's class  have a good day!
8	@TheRealKeeks Not Pretty But one hell of a show  non the less
8	Happy nurses week! It's our first one as rn's
8	Moving today!!  I'm so excited!
8	back to athens. ????? ? ??????
8	@AlGov lmao I'm glad I'm not the only one
8	proud of the ceviche and bellinis turning out so well and LOVING the smell of fresh flowers in the house
8	@sabrina215 YES!! cant wait. hope these vip passes help since people already campin out hahah
8	@zipvojames Well......minus being related to Greg...lol.....just kidding
8	@chetbuchanan SANJAYA FOREVER! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
8	@joyousnfree lol. No new diet plan...ran late for wrk so didn't hav a chance to make lunch. I ate a lot when I got hm!
8	@thedrawingroom hilarious. so if she acts up, all you have to do is say 1 little word...&quot;gummed up&quot; grosses me out; hub says it 2 torment
8	Um... happy star wars day btw. Cheers to all you scruffy looking nerfherders and hot ami's out there.
8	I've brush my teeth but im eating Chocolates right now ha-ha just sharing
8	my last full week of school!
8	out shopping....
8	@SoldierBeetle Your welcome hun!    They are all amazing people - make sure to say hello to them!
8	No Evidence, No Conviction ! Absolutely hilarious.. Makes my day every time  http://bit.ly/lrolJ
8	@cocosbutter its already good...I got to meet you!
8	yeah  just made twitter
8	@peebles95 call me later so i can tell you all about the weekend. Easier over phone.
8	@HeavyBank That's the good part about it. YOU DON'T HAVE TO KNOW ANYONE!
8	Good Afternoon
8	@imjustcreative having a F**Kin' great day over there Graham isn't it
8	shake shake shake shake shake it
8	@ru5tyloxx  You're silly.
8	The seat was a nice place to go
8	haiszt.. im here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun!
8	@allicandy95 testing.... Hey! I gotta add you as someone to follow
8	@czarinas78 Ah  So you've seen both. (Either way, you get to experience the fantasy of sound and shock waves in the vacuum of space. Heh.)
8	I cant WAIT to be home and snuggle with my puppies! and my Fiance
8	I am so happy. Keve is here for early Mother's day. Let's be quiet. He drove all night and is sleeping.
8	@shrinkingjes WHOO HOO. Congrats on getting under 200lbs
8	Okay so yesterday was good went food shopping, cooked some chicken tacos and bakes some cookies!!!  Now I am back at work.
8	@meghanian I think I got it fixed! Woo hoo!
8	@VIVIatTheDisco Good luck on your first day !!!!
8	Just finished first workout on Jillian Michaels 30day making the cut program!  Feeling great  Hopefully the eating will be just as good
8	@dopenhagen are you in KL? I am  up for a drink?
8	@AsunUnique  Apple has done some impressive things for my almost 2 year old macbook. Except when I poured coffee into the keyboard.
8	my c key is stating to work.  yayness.
8	@MorrisonCorner i don't have any excuse other than night shifts! we got our orphan lambs from a local farmer so we cheated
8	Just picked up my copies of the printed brochures I did for the BWRC. So excited
8	all pugged in and ready to go. device updates on, so feel free to bombard me at any time.  Time to actually get something done.
8	Im fine also..up way to early..lol...soo those r all ur dogs? to kut3 ..i def want a pit! lol
8	Waking up .....working....Happy as can be!  Its gonna be a great day today... I can see it..and im not sore from Running yesterday!!!
8	listening to the online radio; oldies
8	@RitasItalianIce Cherry Italian Ice is my fave. I want to get the local Ritas on Twitter so they'll send out the daily flavors.
8	Wool, time for the top cote
8	says livejournal is being a bee-eye-tee-see-hedge. Dum dee dum, ok back to work!
8	Apparently today is Happy Star Wars day.  I'm suppose to say may the 4th be with you.
8	@richa_august84 haha...  may be.. hehe.. I might have been imported.  but i love the heat... love playing football on a hot day....
8	TextMate crashed for the first time in 3 months. Not too bad actually  #textmate
8	@wossy http://twitpic.com/4jjdx - Soak your had in hot water (but not boiling) for about 30mins - it'll pull them right out
8	@stylenoirgossip such a great idea!
8	@ngeow Yeah, planning to do that actually. Got a Kinokuniya discount card, so I'm going to splurge.  Just worried about being overwhelmed.
8	@jackalltimelow I just got my JAGK shirt in the mail! Omg I love it!!!  see you saturday!!
8	It is going to be a beautiful day!
8	@islandprincess2 LMAO!! That is so funny!  Thanks for sharing...I needed that laugh
8	@TSchryver ahh! Yay!  so you're gonna get it?
8	Early start today! More rain and more miles!
8	Guess who has internet at her house? *raises hand* And it's not dial up.
8	I have a 4-H lamb meeting. It should be fun. And it is sunny! Yay! I can play with my horses this afternoon. Clap, clap, clap!!!
8	@isaacn86 Thanks! Funny cause it's true!
8	lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day
8	Just got back from work, OT na naman. What's new?
8	shout out to Sanjeev! thank you for being my first follower  on twitter.
8	high &amp; dry goin to have an ice cream now with my best friend.
8	@atxtraveler thanks! I will try #boarding out
8	@phillybookco Nice yo!!! Live it for me buddy!
8	Yes, he's really back!: I couldn't wait for this day to arrive and finally it's here! Gale is back!!!  I'm pos.. http://tinyurl.com/dzzaf5
8	Tonight @ 10 on The Northland's NewsCenter we kick off a week long look at Great Summer Getaways in the Northland! Don't miss it!
8	@naeem_coza @strandloper Yep. Live and learn
8	Good mornin. Today will end early, woo. Gonna work on rick's surprise PROJECT DUE ON TUESDAY
8	wishing you all a happy monday and a wonderful start to this week ! Make it a good one
8	It's a good day! The lake is a mirror, the kids are happy, and I get to clean the cabin today... Err two outta three ain't bad!
8	@Jamie_127 glad you got a laugh out of it
8	Well, I'm here, good morning/brunch-ish I took my exam, think I did good
8	@juliannebritton Ohhh, i really want to see Coraline, it seems really good
8	@CraftedClay  most name brands have dairy even if it's called 'semi-sweet' or 'dark'.  I'll try to get some in the HelloVeggies Store!
8	@jessicacolon My son is back at school today - feeling much better. He wasn't too sick...he didn't stop eating!
8	bye y'all wolverine soon  ooaf hugh jackman, tell ya what he can sctrahc me anytime ;)
8	i am listening this song &quot;shattered&quot; by Tynisha keli   www.myspace.com/tynishakeli
8	Today I plan on taking my music history final, then catching up on some movies at my movie theatre.
8	each day is a new beginning
8	@mercedez000 Ta very much!  Happy B-Day to G-son
8	Shakti's celebrating her 4th Birthday today!
8	@esmeeworld Good luck tonight! have fun
8	@Jonasbrothers i can't wait! its most definately going to be amazing.  &lt;3 michelle
8	@janeporricelli She lives!  You were so Twitter quiet after the race. Recovering or celebrating?  ps. #20 Fem. in your 1st marathon Wow!
8	@bellaphonic yay! #iPhone goodness is so fun!
8	@SWrightBoucher Hi Susan, read your blog.  It's really good.  I look forward for the tweet updates
8	Rain makes for a good study day  almost done!!
8	has just come back from horse riding, what a brilliant day
8	@sozah Morning Sunshine
8	@crumcake That's a relief! I feel better knowing it's hereditary.  Have fun!
8	@DuongSheahan so nice to meet you too! @NancyLoo is the best for bringing me along
8	@TheMandyMoore so looking forward to your new album
8	Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government &amp; Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
8	This weekend I started a &quot;Healthy Lifeestyle&quot; - not Diet!     Let's see how it goes - will keep ya posted on my progress.
8	i've been eating cheetos all morning..
8	@Blanquis26  Morning, hope you have a super day...enjoy !
8	@wendaybird silly wendy. You know I don't speak French  just a few more hours to study before this ride begins!
8	@MaddieWan Maddie starts working? WATCH OUT WORLD!
8	someone said after wolverine they feel like watching x-men all over again. They're right! Now back to business, proposal, yippie!
8	is done with classes for her freshman year.
8	@MichalkaAlyson I spell my name alyson too! Aly for short! We spell it the best
8	@jeanettejoy Shanghai is also really exciting (precisely -- skyscrapers galore). Good tweeps in China: @sdweathers (SH) @winserzhao (BJ).
8	@timhahnproject Heh.  When I moved into my house Pius was having a pep rally, so there was cheering and a band.
8	Happy Star Wars Day. MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU
8	@mariannemarlow It is a drink but they have a trainer brand too.. http://www.office.co.uk/brand/babycham/8 &lt;&lt;have a look
8	I love how two of my favorite shows have the same acronym  lol.
8	@howie_d awww glad to know Little Sweet D and Leigh are doing good...thanks for the updates Howie
8	@jeg007jeg yay  coutch:couch
8	currently munching on baby carrots! nom nom nom nom...
8	Haha how exciting  wat does it look like?!
8	thinks SG is wonderful
8	@IvoryValentine have you seen &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;? makes &quot;super green&quot; a lot funnier
8	@KevinRButters Excellent then Chiang Mai is definitely a possible next vacation stop! thanks for the info.
8	And now the crazy is all gone.
8	about to take my mum out for jewellery shopping and a coffee for mothers day
8	show time baby! bye bye for now Tweeters
8	Well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an Individual without a SSN/ITIN or EIN according to Apple.  Hurray!
8	it's after 3 AM.!!  I think it's time to bed.!!  have a good night twitts.! ;))
8	http://twitpic.com/33hus that's my baby
8	Zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night
8	After seeing Star Trek again, I noticed they went a little crazy with the lens flare.
8	There we go... apparently I wasn't properly setting the DateTime from a Twitter response before.  Need a test for that!
8	The mothers day classic went really well, despite the cold 5.30am start
8	just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k? holyyyyyyy
8	@DiscoStarChild hahaha n I'm a do the same for u
8	@jtimberlake Went to your resteraunt in NYC, it was aaaaaaaaaamazing
8	@__Jasper_Hale__ *Laughs* that's because I like winning
8	@CloneCommander *Everything* is better with lightsabers
8	My birthday is a week from today!
8	@NeilMcDaid looks class the water splash looks so real  looking forward to my review copy ;)
8	@PerezRevenge Aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of ours kids and let everyone know it
8	@LGDADON it makes perfect sense. I guess i am very down to earth. Thanks for your reply
8	OMG brings me back to my High School Days!  ? http://blip.fm/~5ygpg
8	Nina's High: Hanging out with Ninah and Taylor all day! theyre AWESOME  and getting to go home tomorrow to see my MOM  Nina's Low: NADA
8	@blueobsidian Always a good idea.
8	....ok, sOooooooooo I DID that!! i've got u in the palm of my hand
8	@DanWarp: Loved it!  Would never have thought he was into the iCarly version of Beanie Babies. xD
8	haaah, making the card for mothers day,  and listening to musicc
8	@adamdon lol, get to your bed
8	get it right! I think I am obsessed with Hydes' voice @_@  I've chosen a guitar song to learn for the summer! Time to perfect picking!
8	can't wait for Daughtry's new album! Ack. Two more months!!!
8	@vogonpoetry42 At least there's no denying nerd is part of it!
8	Thanks so much to everyone who came out to Speakeasy last night! What a hit. Wonderful to see you all having fun! June will be awesome.
8	waiting for JONAS to come on
8	Well that sucked except for the company I had. Go Kelly.
8	Next to my birthday- Mother's Day is my favorite day of the year.  The one day I don't feel guilty for slacking just a little.   Aaaahh...
8	Perfect day: flute quartets in the morning, web marketing in the afternoon with Barrie, and Star Trek in the evening
8	Watching next day air
8	Belting Next to Normal is a fabulous evening choice
8	@allearsdeb http://twitpic.com/4w0yj - wow, fancy!
8	Spending the first night in my new place!
8	i decided that myspacee is wayy better
8	@BADSenoritaa when u do get at me i will show u all the hotspots there is no where i dont kno when it comes to shoppin here lol
8	baked a cake &amp; watching a movie.
8	@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vuuy - thats the most colorful thing ive seen all day,wow.
8	@CinnamonCloud well you'll ether have to buy the DVD or wailt till july to see the Secret Episode!!   Episode 13!
8	@_chloe yes! it's on youtube  its from may 7th, and it made me feel 100x better. it's halarious.
8	Just got up from a nap.. Relaxing for the night
8	oh man had great nap (still alittle tired) having pizza for dinner.
8	@elengrey Yay!  Lucky!  What'd you do?
8	twitter fam, i`m about to hop back on AIM i went ghost on y`all lolz sowwy
8	@JRKNaughtyNurse Yep, @thespunkyone that B-Day kiss is gonna happen, right @JonathanRKnight
8	@lancegross http://twitpic.com/4vd89 - such a good looking cpl!! can't wait to see what kind of kids y'all will have!
8	just finished watching &quot;Role Models&quot; (hilarious), and debating whether to go to 251. Hmmm...
8	Went shopping a lil... I deserve it... And now a night on the town in the big city of Norfolk
8	@kamiNcali Oh, no need to stop. I could use the ego boost.
8	I wish I can see clips of your show that you hosted. Hottie Shawn in the 80's! and yes your still a Hottie!
8	@elysion32  I am here to make friends.. real life, internet.. what ever level people are comfortable with..
8	walked over 140 blocks today. then ate a delicious black &amp; white cookie.
8	Sometimes i feel pathetic going to bed so early. Oh well.  i TOTALLY get clam chowder tomorrow! =D
8	Haven't been on in foreverr!  Almost happy mother's dayy. Yay. :]
8	Enjoying d view @ sg flyer
8	@jimmymcdonald Let me know how that turns out!!
8	This feeling inside me, Oh it sends me sky high...
8	@EverRaven I figured you'd be bouncing about it
8	saw Hannah Montana Movie today!! was the best!!!!!! was AWESOMEEEEEE!!!!!!  Hannah  and Miley RockS! lol
8	At the @drakkardnoir concert! I hope @SongzYuuup makes a guest appearance
8	New Twitter coolness: conversations with neighbors (http://is.gd/ybd0) during a thunderstorm.
8	@tenotch awesome, I'm glad you like it.  FYI - Platinum Notes 3.0 should be out as a free upgrade this summer
8	Pool, alcohol, &amp; a cute band, couldn't ask for more on a Saturday night  #fb http://twitpic.com/4w1rr
8	@SweetWifey Her new cd is lovely.
8	1 surprise party today, 2 parties tomorrow.  FunFunFun! But, need to finish bug project. O_O
8	@iamkeshia happy birthday keshia, keshia, bo beshia
8	@Turch Aww, congrats to the family. ;) Send me piccies in the email!
8	05/30 - first session  yay me!
8	@Prince_Aries Me and that person have something in common then! LOL jk....
8	@lilcdawg its because we run on CPT!!!
8	big ups sister #1 for calling in too
8	Just sang &quot;Shine&quot; by Newsboys in the car with @hollyewallace Holla!
8	@OfficialBgizzle  Whaaaaaaaaaat?!  Thas HOT B!    Super nice!
8	Less than 24 hrs until GRADUATION!!! Going out tonight to celebrate
8	Star Trek rocked!  It was WAY better than I expected
8	going to another birthday party tonite
8	i cooked breakfast for my mom  HAPPY
8	Only six hours left of being 15
8	@Iamme828 No becuz we're being honest! Lets look at the big picture..my happy ending with the smile on my face
8	Eatin nachos watchin the game.!  all i gOtta say is LebrOn is a Beast. ! dO anybOdy feel me.?
8	LOL. My moms present cost 69 dollars.
8	@fotojen @halgriffin hope you guys are having fun!  Can't wait for ya'll to be back, Wilmy isn't the same without you
8	@artcon http://twitpic.com/4vfcx - awesomeeeeee
8	I'm feeling better now that I have something in my tummy
8	CSI NY comes back to aus with 'sex, lies and silicone' (s05e04) EVRYONE ON EAST COAST TUNE IN TONIGHT  pleaseee
8	Just came back from hanging out with some friends + cocktails. &lt;3 I'm not drunk, but feeling good.  Hope everyone's well?
8	Relaxing after a busy week and a tedious Saturday . . .
8	@hellocupcake84 Well I'm trying to get rid of a lot of my stuff.  You could come over and pillage.
8	is learning how to play Waiting for Love by P!nk on acustic guitar!  epic
8	@theDebbyRyan Just left you a message! Hope you get it
8	finished eating sushi with ladiez  getting shwasteddddddddd**
8	definitely ready for a plate of pancakes.
8	me &amp; kelly share the same last name, wouldnt that be sweet if we were related  @TheEllenShow
8	Family is here,hanging with them
8	phew!  made it thru the return of babysitting!
8	&quot;you can ride one, you can catch one, but its not summer til you pop open one&quot;  ?
8	@WayneDaStar oh wow THANKS Wayne
8	Had a nice pre mother's day dinner out. Now a cocktail before retiring for the evening
8	Scratch that. Now we're watching 'marley and me'. Thinking I could stay awake better for this one.
8	@jojowright http://twitpic.com/4w24f - ooh, nice score, jojo!
8	Glad to see @Nigellamb and more Red Bull Air Racers here keeping us in the loop
8	@ForetDeMichelle you don't need my physical presence, you have my energy already!!!
8	Adventures with jamie and bethhh
8	My three-day weekend starts now.  Was gonna watch Star Trek, but opted to go another night instead.
8	@lyndons think yourself lucky!  I also broke  all my fingers at school when a window sash broke with my fingers like pancakes on the sill
8	Ok we found our way now... I think  tonight let's just let go its dance time!
8	everyone follow @FollowMandy and @FollowSavvy ! they are amazing
8	@paulwingz nothinbg home about to jump in the shower the streets is calling meeeeeeee  @STEFFSOFLII what is it 4 tonight @COKEbabyy tell m
8	going to see star trak expecting noting but amazing
8	Night of the cookers with my dad
8	@Ja101 Makes me wish I had dogs instead of cats!
8	and we're off  to OT !! exciting game like always
8	@InnyVinny why thank you!  u out tonight?
8	chillin with my bros and a couple of yeunglings   doesn't get much better than this
8	Playing pacman on itouch!  lol
8	pythonkings.nl    equals ----&gt;       almost better than the sims....
8	At the reception eating some nasty ass pasta Woot! But other than that its beautiful!
8	@hnnhmllr lmao! You baked non-stop? Sounds like yummy fun!
8	Feeling smooth like chrome
8	Fun at the water park then dinner at the rainforest cafe (all free!) then party tonight  pretty good Saturday I think.
8	@Jonasbrothers OMJ I loved it....it was a good laugh and Frankie did a great job, and you guys did too ~Agnes
8	@crzyqbn That's awesome dude, yay for surprise celebrities!  I got to meet him a few years ago, he was soooo friendly.
8	home for the night to hang out with my mom and study
8	Nothing beats spending an evening with my mom
8	Healthy Wishes. I may just start saying that.
8	i just made the best turtle ice cream pie everrrrr  btw, happy (soon to be) mothers day!
8	@IamTam not having your lights on concerns me! Lol! Stay safe!
8	@TheRealKitCat Haha...YAY!!! I'M CURED!!!!
8	@scottlava was fun meeting u today! thanks for all the doodles on the goodies i got! hope u have a super time in TO &amp; visit again soon!
8	@SunnyBuns Haha, you didn't do anything wrong.
8	@CelestialQ good!  now let's go get this done..... www.HennesseyBlack.com
8	@AnnCurry The photos are AMAZING! What a GREAT subject &amp; way to get people educated about Darfur! HUGS! U are an inspiring woman!
8	Heading back home with a win!
8	@RealBillBailey it really made my night. infact, it made my weekend! well done.
8	such a long day, heading to bed  . iloveyou &lt;3
8	@Pranajama I've never been to Prague, but if i had the money, it'll be in the 10 first cities I visit
8	@c4ss4ndr4 do I discern a request for Hulu support? excellent idea!
8	watching shark boy and lava girl! on disney channel. hanging out with sarah jane, micah, &amp; rachel
8	whats going on tonight?!?!?! lets partyyyyy!
8	@FollowMyJourney Oh girl, get that baby going to bed at 7pm!
8	@Spacegirlnz DON'T PANIC! Hehe, it will be fine. Email it to me
8	Welll my folkiesss(; im offf to dream land;work in the mornin;ugh;ewwy. Talkkk to me;but tomorrow  &lt;3 lurvee ya'll[;&gt;
8	Whew.... finally home after putting in some hours in the lab. Watching Catch Me if You Can and eating cheese and grapes. Good night
8	@mrstreme Thanks so much! I will be back on tour soon. Two new books in the pipeline!
8	i would like to see bacn.me added to tweetdeck as an option for a url shortener   tweetdeck would be even better with #bacon
8	I should have know that &quot;extra hand&quot; comment would cause trouble...  About to upload House Music and Beyond Vol. 3
8	@she_writes i've been wanting it for 2 years LOL...that and a HD camcorder
8	@cschug We do! Its been to long! I think i have next weekend open. When are you going to have the house warming party
8	You can't take this feeling away from me&lt;3. going to lay down &amp; watch a movie.
8	@Annaeeee yeah I m so happy for them that they should moved on and out there partying I m so happy
8	at least I get to watch over time  Let's go Pens!!
8	@KatjaPresnal Thanks  #sigjeans
8	@MikeHuntington oops, me and my drunken stupor lol. Ima check it out
8	@Keels_90 haha agreed  LOL
8	Making pork stir-fry and brown rice for dinner.
8	@LexyMez Thanks so much Alex! Best wishes for the day to you and yours
8	@slicefate I love the humor, I just reworded it. Like saying &quot;group therapy&quot; instead'a &quot;gang banging&quot;. Keeps my moms off my back.   Hahaha
8	Playing d.j in Ray's ride! On our way to have some delish sushi
8	@justlikethem I would lime them. Or lemon?  And deal, sounds fabulous to me!  Text me up when you're back
8	Just shot my new .22 rifle!  The auto-reset plinker target I built in shop class works great!
8	@Bout14  Yeah, I only drank a little bit anyways. It definitely was the show and not the drink!!
8	@bandit_zero its cool, and thats good
8	@penpen72 Haha, true  thankfully the regular keyboard does the job... most of the time.
8	@GetSmart86 haha...Live long &amp; prosper. The movie was better than I thought, they did an awesome job, I'm pleased
8	my dad and i totally just rocked out to the offspring-pretty fly for a white guy. haha.
8	@joenoia lol to see my king
8	Had to change &quot;within 50 miles&quot;, because within 25 miles were effin' BORING.
8	@Medi_Ready What's you're new cite/business about?? I'd love to hear about it  Doing the same myself actually
8	@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
8	@Victoryhawk It depends if you are having fun or not...
8	@HeatherHAL Thanks Heather, glad you like the dish
8	Happy imma get to see some lovely ladies
8	i forgot how much i really needed music until i barely had any for about a week. but i have music now. yay!
8	Congrats to Dave &amp; Anna! Surprise proposal at the Enzian Theater in Orlando  http://qik.com/video/1638824
8	@michaelsheen Well I guess they think of everything   Thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop
8	@MoRethANHuMAn hey you! Did you get my present this morning? Hope u liked it?
8	@harrislacewell You are a dope mom too! Love you too!!! Now stop drinking the mom juice, stop twittering and get some rest!
8	@E315 -. ---    .--. -... .-. --- .-.. . --   It would be better to hear that then read it, but it's a start
8	live long and prosper
8	Karaoke at a small town bar. Having a wonderful time!
8	Oh it is so sunny.
8	@DirtyRose17  told you, you would sweep haha :-p
8	@Rachel_Pengov: Extremely so! I'm in an incredible mood
8	on the way to kuya jordan's house for an O's sleepover  !
8	happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and I can't wait for next weekend either!!!  so grateful for all my blessings!
8	@maryrivss hahaha that was funnyy!
8	@gashead Prowse? I got a Christmas card of him last year.  &amp; I wish I had the money right now. Saving for an apartment
8	getted crunk of budweiser with the fam bam
8	live on stickam.com/itstyleryo COME CHAT!
8	@ClayWalker so glad, I hope yall make it back down near New Orleans
8	@jennyinmaui I just read your twitter bio. Love it. Very clever and cute. I'm all about smiles.
8	Yay! Bannerbomb for the Wii is finally out. I can run homebrew on my 4.0 Wii.
8	@Lizzs_Lockeroom Maybe   But you start to really like a team after living 12 years in the city.  Was there for 2 Cups.  Awesome!
8	@deauxboi LOL...he was cool! shoooooot...
8	grecia! its between mood &amp; party! i wanna see him lol but we are going out fershure.
8	everyone get #buckonellen one of the topic things!
8	@caffeinefueled Welcome back
8	feels great after solving a minor but long term problem with 3ds max just now!  Maybe I should try animating the avatar after all? xD
8	@xodedexo18 OMG, I get the $50 coupon from them all the time, do you?? I'm obsessed with their catalog when it comes in the mail
8	Enjoyed see'n everyone last night! even tho it was a really bad night financially... Cant wait to kick it again @ the drive -ins!
8	having a great time in kc  http://twitpic.com/4w3fi
8	@a_double as if there are any other kind  http://myloc.me/Fkl
8	@Miss_Kookie girl,rain is my song forrealll!!!
8	@bendvrx no swearing ben, say 'fudge'
8	@missoliviaa i decided it was best for me to stay in tonight lady. i shall be in pittsburgh soon!!  (FAREWELL!!!)
8	@princeryan No, I'm waiting for it to come to DVD. (I'm frugal.)  You saw it?
8	@LifeByChocolate alredy had my chocolate  it is impossible to resist ;)
8	just rearranged the living room- it looks HUGE.  This is what Joe and I do on a Saturday night
8	knocked up is sooo godamn funny. never gets old  &quot;you're tupac. you're biggie.&quot; lol
8	@archuletachick lol i know! I was like oh ya tough guy!
8	heading to Kitsilano for a BBQ  this weather is b.e.a... UTIFUL!! x
8	had such a fun time with allegra tonite!!! we saw 17again!! good movie
8	headed to the beach with puppy maverick hugs and much aloha
8	@digital_geisha @savasavasava  For reals. It's lovely being around someone so refreshingly analog in his interests
8	@RClapham Well we'll have to organize one for when you can get down, can't guarantee no oldies though
8	Viviann's all minee. Yummm
8	@sweeti20 thanks  i make ur job a little less crappier every day!
8	Right now at my second gig !!! Sippinn on guess whut ? Water  we sta focused we are on the job
8	On my way to see star trek
8	Off to see my lovely mum  Then maybe star trek!
8	Sulumits Retsambew is thinking: A billion here, a billion there, pretty soon it adds up to real money.
8	Has no idea wtf Twitter is about but willing to give it a go!  Going out for a bit!
8	Awesome night ahead: BAD v Rat City! Most of my favorite skaters on one track  #fb
8	just made DIY acid wash shorts! can't wait to see what they look like
8	yey finally home
8	@ceemce Home Friday makes me  too!!!
8	is closing at 10 instead of 12 yay!!  just 15 min till i can go home and talk to my lovebug!!
8	@deiu you guys are moving to LA?! Why so far? But we shall make a castle before you leave!
8	@itouchiphone thanks got it will contact you if i am having troubles!Thanks
8	responding to more questions at Thou Shall Blog! I appreciate this community.
8	not letting anyone get me down  tired of taking on other people's pain all the time! I am a happy person with or without drama... om.....!
8	eating nothing, drinking water, about to watch a movie, join me?
8	Home from work
8	@tararizing so i'll excuse your love for the Cavs and the west, even though I don't share it!
8	thx for the tip.  how did you figure that one out?
8	I am officially a kindergarten cop
8	@MichaelHotaling Thanks for the thoughts... Unfortunatly it didn't work out like we hoped... ah well. The paintings were beautiful.
8	@MCFAN247 Glitter, she sings on it!
8	Boredddddd Follower @meryreino Shes AMAZING!!  *Broken*
8	@emilmor it was fun  Ate at mas.Thanks!!  Good luck w/ ur showing tomorrow.
8	Chillen with Csla.. Waiting to start.. Watchin pacquiao rerun..
8	woke up from napping  finally got the sleep i needed
8	@LILJIZZEL hahaha! YES I AM!  Lil Jon is the freakin jizzle! U know I named my 1st puppy after u? Lil Jizzle...remember? LOL...xoxox
8	making more muffinsss, wheat jerm AANNNDD psyillium husk
8	@mistressmia Their is no such thing as TRANSPARENCY only selective OPACITY...
8	Almost dun choreographing the dance
8	Very very interesting night in Defiance to say the least... but hey, I got 'Guys and Dolls' for free!
8	@jennywoo42 we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it wasn't deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
8	@SafiG Lol..Wat was Vibes doin on Atlantic? &amp; where's ur shirt in your twitter pic? lol
8	went swimming with the fam for over 2 hours! we're a little toasty
8	@teacherPaddy hey Padster...it's a dirt track.  thx for the info! I got 3 miles in
8	is having a jam session in her room and then seeing star trek...again
8	@konghee Have a good time with Sun &amp; Dayan there at NY!
8	@TheMadModel Soooo happy your back!
8	Guess what? mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) His name is Corky
8	is excited!  http://plurk.com/p/stk04
8	@NKANGEL74 Sweet! Thanks!
8	check it out check it out check it out.
8	@mcr_chick haha. I completely agree
8	On my shoot with Ron and Torey! Have lots of fun
8	listening to some music!
8	@theellenshow @KalebNation twilightguy.com kalebnation.com youtube.com/kalebnation PUT HIM ON THE SHOW! Sry for spamming but we love him
8	The usual. Two family parties today. Happy Birthday Lily!  http://twitpic.com/4w472
8	@mbm88 ahhh I'm drinking some too!! And bride wars is really good
8	@scodal  yeah I saw, looks like hard work, But I would know  whats upp handsome
8	Chocolate milk and subway. MMM
8	@Joviswillow Loved those books   Did you read The Host?  Amazing storyteller.
8	Woo hoo! My happiness score is 612. Apparently I am over-the-top happy. Considering the week I've had....
8	Watching Miley Cyrus on youtube!
8	@michaelsheen can't wait to see.  i hear you are a pretty HOT Aro.
8	@bobbyrettew  That makes my day so much better, it's been a rough one. Did I mention I love the new photo!
8	looong day! 8 houuurs of work, then a 5 minute shower, then back out with shane, and now here  man, i can hear my bed calllling a bunch!
8	@NLiukin hey i know ya dont know me but i wanted to say yopu have helped me a lot i was over in iraq and i wanted to thank you
8	The sun is out here in Melbourne! Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there
8	@GeorgiaPrincez No but I just checked and got it LOL. You are ok! I went live for a few minutes and everything is fine.
8	Home from Ghosts of Girlfriends past with my lovely luddite  Not exactly high theatre, but a good date movie!
8	@parislisbonne I'm glad you liked it   Want more?
8	@natashabrown brad's face when he saw that gift is priceless!! Thnx Nat!
8	haircut as short as possible, even change color , new me
8	is enjoying family time. Hoping to be able to make a graceful exit and enjoy some friend time soon
8	@felixcau Hehe
8	Today is my first Mothers Day with my little boy. Hope you're having a beautiful Mothers Day too
8	waiting for the plane at the airport   so exited bout going to tasmania see ya when i get back
8	@girlygirl007 Well done! Happy for ya.
8	Happy morning to everyone!
8	@AshleyTaylor_x3 you are too sweet girl!! My food was soooo good
8	i always have 2 do xtra cleaning b4 leaving... so now were on da road  on 2 springhill suites, then cafe 360, yum!
8	Helping Devin at his photo studio. I'm sitting back, sipping a green apple martini, and watching him assemble everything.
8	about to play my first game of apple to apples!!   wish me luck...
8	Dinner with the parental unit is always grand
8	@amhartnett That sounds like fun
8	really really getting excited!
8	@agentdelblaine yeahh
8	at home with her fam  see you in CoMo tomorrow!
8	7 hours and many massages later, I can now spend time with my wife and son. It's mother's day ya'll. Don't forget to grab a gift or card.
8	@inuyaki Macs, food, Spam ... I knew I had to follow you.
8	@jstueve Oh LOL! Yes, on Facebook! That's a nice safe environment. Like a church basement!
8	@Sweetcakes16 lol well i learned somethin new  thx !
8	1 John is an amazing book. Just what I needed to brighten my mood.
8	@stkulp lol. your tweets are always fun to follow  Never a dull moment with the Kulps!
8	Swimming party at my brothers tonight. I had an AWESOME time.  Since when am I a sissy about cold water?  Who am I?    LOVED TODAY!!!
8	@youngscraphics - I produce/direct/film/edit... I write... I coordinate events... I manage Don Fetti... there ain't much I don't do!
8	caught up on emails for my research project.  yay for labels and search in #gmail.  much easier
8	star trek was grtsat bggeting drunk now
8	Reds win! Great end to a great day
8	Back from a long day of working it's good to finally be at home.   How is everyone tonight?
8	@angusmaclean yeah I've been there, my son is two so we go to only the kid friendly places now;) congrats on the baby!
8	http://twitpic.com/4w3zh - My son, Finley.
8	What a beautiful day! Hangin with the guys Graham and Josiah  lol waiting for the others. If you wanna stop by come on over ;) with food
8	says Happy Mother's Day to all Moms out there  http://plurk.com/p/stkr2
8	stealth shopping - got wife b-day present while at mall together and she didn't notice - buy, hide it in car, back before she missed me
8	@JonathanRKnight I am jealous...Ur koi fish are getting ur attention &amp; I'm not.....lmao   I'm kidding!!
8	@LilPecan We people? I'm just an amateur Ark builder, no political affiliation. All are welcome
8	@sarahismail95 its cool
8	seen mi abueltia at the hospital... she's doing good!
8	@JohnLusher You're welcome! It's been a wonderful day  How about you? Stayin outta trouble or should I be ready to crash a party? LOL
8	morning sunshine
8	@vinnipukh I'll give him a hug when I see him  tell him I say hi
8	My mom just came home and she FINALLY got me a guitar strap! yay!
8	@ddlovato Glad u r back Demi! You're such a talented, authentic and amazing girl. Keep doing what you love, you're making it brilliant
8	@ginjagin That's great Bastos!  I'm happy for you. You gonna do the mabaho leg, to celebrate? haha
8	@BrandonSmithCEO Wow. That's looks really good. I wish I had some. Was it good?
8	@chaosandharmony Where are you at the mo Becks??  Guessing it's you.  Met you Tga WBW when you spoke there last yr. Business or holiday?
8	@erik_rubadeau Last weekend I had a pretty solid brunch at Bar Wellington. Hard to screw up steak and eggs, though
8	@rescapism hahahah tell me about it tomorrow then
8	Fashion Show is done &amp; only one slip...now cooking &amp; having a glass of wine or two
8	Happy Mother's Day to every mommy out there
8	@ZooeyDe : It's very nice to be able following you on Twitter
8	Guess I was too late  #sigjeans
8	It's a Peter &amp; Gordon morning  -&gt; And I, go to pieces and I wanna hide / Go to pieces and I almost die / Ever... ? http://blip.fm/~5yk38
8	Ahhhhh now If You Go Away  by @nkotb is on @retrorewind YAY my other fav song of theirs
8	Happy to see Kurt spin.
8	@stryperband - Love the comeback, I will stay tuned! You fellows should follow people on here though. You'll in turn get more followers
8	CONGRATS @couponprincess!! I just KNEW a princess would win!!!   #sigjeans
8	@Malunis A couple of other guys did similar mods, so it may not have been mine that @Artoni saw. I think mine's the best, but I'm biased
8	Law and Order! Yeah, I stay home on Sat nite!
8	@AmberCadabra Wow, I haven't watched that movie in ages. It is quite fantastic.
8	correction...a hot coco in my NKOTB cup  what a sweety!!!!
8	@wendywings cute   Time for a twitpic ;)
8	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!
8	@meredithhawkins Aww nice
8	@amyswarren ahhh yay! I'm getting into it. Knockin' a lot out.
8	Just bought a flavor for my snow cone machine  mhm!Yummay! I need new sunglasses Rachel&amp;I have a plan!Yezzz-sir-E we do Ruless to Much!
8	@heatherjacobs indeed! we are trying to get it in the Trending topics for the fun of it  all Some Twilighters idea!
8	@kingsthings Larry, yes Obama is pretty much funny today. The kids took airforce one on a joy ride  he is really putting on the shtich
8	I'm going to obu for the night.
8	Tired and gunna go to bed soon!!! First time I've been online today!!  All ready for mother's day tomorow
8	@BabyVOfficial  aww thatz 2 bad...ud b great in new moon
8	@jasonhoard welcome aboard my friend... the fans are gonna LOVE ya here
8	Another amazing day. Ever since I got a Twitter, I've been having great days
8	@cocotian of course i do.. such an adorable face.
8	Lossing power while your in your house alone? Not fucckinggg cool. Party at cakss!
8	@LeslieIN u can see I just twitted them if its the real xmsirius that is. Let me know any other contact info. Lets transmit this!
8	@fuelbot hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  that could be interesting
8	@leighwsmith better safe than sorry!  Glad everything is okay.
8	watching the games and making some popcornss!
8	finished the book... vat a good book &lt;3333
8	@socks_b_rockin hey it's Julia. On twitter. Don't faint. I'm trying to get it to send to my phone
8	@RachelxVacancy hi 80th fallower
8	Okay people my fones charged
8	@sdelighted Oh yay! Glad you are there and having fun with the baby.
8	&quot;Then It HappenED&quot;, sorry. Watching a movie with some friends in a while!  Fun fun!
8	I can only message those who message me, if we're fwends...so those that want replies..follow me.  hmm..that sounds funny..
8	@morgandonovan Haha, nice! ;) Thanks for letting me know!
8	@VanetaRogers Thank ye, Vaneta.  Much appreciated
8	@kidb thanks again for coming out to support us  you rock!
8	New Star Trek movie = Awesomeness. Unnecessary brief underwear scene (pun intended) but besides that, just awesomeness.  #startrek
8	I know exactly where i should be
8	goodmorning !
8	@labelladeanna whatsoever do you mean by 'how I get down' lol I'm always sober
8	@PochaccoYoly  as long as you're okay...
8	@jota_pe awesomeness! Phillip hasn't completely finished it but if goes up, down, left, and right
8	@aussiecynic LOL #yourock
8	Comment my new myspace pictures plz?
8	Laying with lyndi on drive way. Drinking tea. Listenin to music. Takin pictures. Just a Chillin.
8	seeing Star Trek tonight! Super stoked.
8	We did it last year right around the time The Black Parade is Dead! came out. Awesome times, man.
8	Chili night in Minneapolis.  I refuse to turn the heat on in May!
8	Movie is pretty interesting actually. Gonna finish watching it.  probably seeing star trek tomorrow. &lt;3 ZQ. lol
8	@ff3725 She must be able to tell we're reprobates, despite your endorsement. She sounds pretty smart!
8	is  happy  cause  my  voice  is  back  &lt;3
8	@AdamTheStudent ISP all sorted i gather?! cheers for the bday wish too
8	@vrooje did you see Star Trek yet?  i've seen it, twice already! i didn't like it the first time, the second time was way better!!! hahaha
8	I'm back from my first 5K running race   And still alive!
8	nursing my scratches and bumps from Festivus mud wrestling. I swear there's still dirt in my hair but a good time was had by all
8	spring show was super fun!
8	happy all my studying and all nighters payed off
8	@emmielovegood Nope, I'm on my way home now.
8	@FredaMooncotch turn on your closed caption ... Then you can read and watch animal planet at the same tiime.
8	i'm so happy i aced my final!
8	sittin at home watchin monster in-law waitin for pizza.. yum yum
8	@PetiteAntoin oh that's cool   Thanks!!
8	@mightyvanessa Hahaha, that's a cool pic that Sal made of Daniel and you. lol.
8	@BlokesLib absolutely!  I have a &quot;his view&quot; section on my site.. I know you're busy but you are more than welcome to guest post
8	@ceramicheart my heart sings
8	@ncarcadio congrats on your new mac book air!
8	Whoooooo! Spcn 2009!  ready to cheer for @Dariane!
8	@davedays i heard one of your songs, and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
8	Off to dinner with @rademach &amp; his fam.
8	It is so warm out this evening!  And I just met my new neighbors, they're so nice.
8	@TheFifthSister LOL yeah  I forgot about your TweetDeck statuses! So funny
8	@Krisbellmusic  yeaaa!
8	@Sarah_LeAnn if it makes you feel better im studying on a sat night w/o blackberries
8	Listening to Obama with one ear &amp; listening to music with the other
8	@brigwyn Yup, everything's there.
8	Anyone have an extra Keane ticket? I promise to buy you a drink and take rad pics for your FB / Blog / Flickr., etc
8	good! now i don't have to answer the question 500 times a day
8	welcomes my nephew to the christian world.
8	@meghan7x Happy birthday in 2 hours and 54 minuets  Haha
8	@everyboy  give them my best!
8	@Tam98 just looked at your page and realised it was a radio show, get them to play Call It What You Want so love that track
8	umm yeaa i go to like watch-movies-link.com or something like that and there pretty good quality
8	Just downloaded twitterberry. My life is now even MORE convenient.
8	@PinkBerryGirl Aha I see...will do
8	fun day with boo. short but fun
8	@CrZy4Him girl, when you crash, it may last for 2 days
8	watchin what a girl wants with mom and brittany..
8	cousin leon was born today
8	Just took a shower.We're gonna go to Church.Time to thank Him for my mother.
8	Had a good day selling at Feria Urbana. The ladies love them some laser-cut felt.
8	Caps lost. ARGH! But HP game evening was much fun
8	@denisev3 it was a biligual sweatshop LOL I talk 2 him once in a while but not as much, he got an r6
8	Family guy reruns, food, and, good phone conversations  ah, saturdays.
8	Sadness is a necessary evil in life; it gives us reason to remember and appreciate the things we lose
8	@stephanewws Thanks for finding me!  Have a wonderful evening!
8	@mizzlianne that's so *sweet*..
8	who goes bowling anymore?... me and my friends
8	Watching the Pianist with my dad great movie.
8	@luvinjrandsmoke His beard is addressed in this week's LOLs.
8	feels accomplished!!!  She got a lot done today! http://plurk.com/p/stns9
8	There's just something about a sexy blonde cowgirl rubbing herself in a field  http://worldsbestpornmovies.com/faithmov3.htm
8	I wish I knew how to play an instrument. Lessons for Menace and Missy Moo, for sure. Piano? Cello? Bass? Whatever they want
8	this aztec mask is harder then i thought! but u kno what, i think i did a pretty good job for not being an artist
8	Mock AP Chemistry exam today! Then to Central Park!  Is there gonna be a AP Chem v. AP Bio tournament?!
8	@ITTO88 dear ITTO what could possibly be THAT bad? Xo
8	Had fun at the Airshow with the boys today - exhausted
8	@elliottng congrats! My wife would oppose live tweeting birth too I'm sure
8	@SherriEShepherd hey Sherri -- don't give up b/c they're married; they may have a brother or a friend!
8	@jtimberlake wweeeeooo! snl soon
8	@alaina_ Lmao I know!! They have two days off. Good thing for them
8	@dazzledbydiaper Everyone, please welcome my new friend, Kari, with a warm follow, as she just set up her twitter account tonight
8	Yummy yum-cha for mother's day with mum, dad, arcel and egg-pants  yuuuuuum  http://twitpic.com/4w65x
8	@destroytoday hahah I'll try
8	@TheKrewe Glad you are having a blast.
8	@kirstiealley  Your such a riot!!    You go girl!!
8	@claramattos yea, i should know.. but tell me EVERYTHING!  ps: send me direct messages telling..   haha
8	getting ready to go read, pray, and go to bed. Enjoy the rest of the night
8	watching &quot;slice of life&quot; (laughing at the songgg) and then going to sleep
8	lvl 96 me vs a lvl 115 owned me i was useing crappy armour
8	@FollowSavvy @FollowMandy have funnn!
8	@YoshiTori Yeaup. I was gonna tell ya that
8	Relaxing
8	@Praxilla My kids count down the days till Saturday. I hope it's something they remember all of their lives!
8	happy mothers day x &amp; go the dockers
8	i jus love doin night shifts...will be done in an hour
8	@LYRiCSnLiPSTiCK me me me!  lol
8	@jerrytrainor We never miss ICarly - my son has a huge crush on Miranda
8	@iampritty Oh! Outside? Glad to see you didn't melt!!
8	@harmonymatters Cool I'm glad.I will save some tea for you
8	@tanahuffman Same here  Mmmm... Macrina Bakery.
8	So @jtimberlake is on SNL tonight! it's going to be a HILARIOUS
8	just got back from hangin with the bestie at the pool, soo nice
8	@BrokePimpStyles Yep Yep! I plan to do nothing  That is bliss to me!
8	@ItsNeet Teehee..I know it too!
8	Had a good end to a busy day and now I'm off to bed with a full belly of sushi
8	@cestcassie Aw, that song makes me think of girl scouts.
8	@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - oh my god! you're adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration Nick!
8	@Deejai Nice to meet you toooo  Good to know another one of my followers ACTUALLY speak!
8	@DavidArchie @Hatz94Music i just want to wish your mom a happy mothers day!
8	About to venture forth to Turkey Creek &amp; fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. Hope he had fun
8	http://twitpic.com/4w6lf - BBQ time again.
8	@WalkingHorse Fear not! You deserve alot, you care for animals. )) I'll get some food, don't worry!
8	@nsharm75 thank you for reading Ohlala
8	@savagetaylor next year will be sweeet
8	Happy Mother's day
8	@MICHALL_BODUCH Awww, you will get more friends on facebook. Just be yourself and people will add you
8	celebrating being engaged for 1 year to the handsome @aaronmbaer!
8	@farwyde quite all right. cock sounds better than clock coming from a female anyway
8	haciendo mi primer app con Thin + Rack + some crazy stuff...
8	@staciemwhite Its over for them
8	A shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair
8	@ReelJPMorgan I'm tellin u. I'm pretty mean in the kitchen lolol they're yummy
8	@eeeegads thank you
8	my mother is drunk grrrreat.. It's okay it's mothers week
8	@DiamondBlue hehehe!! Are you tryna find another condom  better get u for boxes cuz ima take u thru all of em
8	@marano2288 aww, thanks babe!  you and yours have plans for tomorrow?
8	Woo hoo party over here. Its gonna be fun
8	listening to the best days of your life by kellie pickler
8	Yaay congrats Shmolan on graduating  I'm proud of you!! Have fun! &lt;3
8	just got home from Tillie's dance recital. lol, it was spectacular!
8	I'm sooo HAPPY Demi's back on twitter!
8	@aprilcandy70  also check out @spiritjump and @hatsandhugs  2 other wonderful causes that need our help
8	is thrilled prom went well
8	My tweet is on cheaptweet.  You wanna vote for me  http://cheaptweet.com/t/syopvd
8	finally get my hands on my laptop!  just ate the biggest burrito de asada EVER  and now im gonna get ready for the party-ooo!
8	@twtboxdj  Thanks Mr. DJ!
8	Hanging with my cousin Jimmy then hopefully hanging with my friend
8	I had a great date last night...tried to find the CDCaves with Daniel  it was HILARIOUSLY FUN!!!
8	@fureousangel that is comedy  good luck my friend!
8	stephs grad party gr8! shoved cake in her face, watchd sis bitch slap a boy, ate good food  satisfied
8	@jesfive SWEEEEET - San Fran is awesome!!!!  Love it there
8	@bunnydrumming Hi bunny! I recently have subcribed to your channel on YouTube! You make some great stuff. Kinda just wanted to say hi!
8	I'm likable after all HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Still over the moon
8	@JulieAbel I am in Weirton Julie, way up North at the tippy top! LOL we don't think southern WV folks like us too much.
8	awww i bought my mom the cutest things for mothers day  woop woop mee expert shoper
8	@ddlovato hi ya demi! im glad ur back   http://twitpic.com/4vuuy i personally love the picture! haha
8	Finally home sweet home
8	the last song all american rejects.......... an amazing song
8	@Linz__marie lol..french toast sticks too!
8	@ppittman you are not old!!! You're  just comfy! Like worn in sweats! Said with all the love my sarcastic heart can muster....
8	at the farm not enjoying cary ann, but loving the company!
8	goin out wit shina &amp; gigi . moviez
8	@AnnCurry those photos are lovely! Who knew you were as talented a photographer as you are a journalist!
8	@shadrach I'm just following you because we're both wearing Converse
8	@shakeitblueyes good
8	Massive morning.. I'm stuffed now
8	@rsxy ive been spending time w/my momma! we're celebrating mother's day for her early  ive been good! how was woodburn?
8	I'm ACTUALLY on Skype but ssshh don't tell anyone.
8	Downing a glass of ginger ale and then relishing an early evening in bed with &quot;Because I Said So&quot; on Lifetime.
8	Yeah, I think we've earned it!
8	The Eagles make saturday nights so much better.
8	@GregCarter I hear ya. You'll have to go back to work to rest.
8	http://twitpic.com/4w7d2 bwahahahahahaha I am so awesome
8	@GericaQuinn Yay  I Feel Loved  By You And My 113 Creepy Followers.
8	MY SiSTER iN LAW JUST LEFT FOR HER PROM!! SHE LOOKED SOO PRETTY.. TEARS ALL AROUND
8	Chillin at a bbq gettin my drink on
8	at the taste a addison w/ her fav. ppl
8	@akoyamiazaki #steel toe boots - Good to hear that you're comfy. Hopefully they are Kodiak or Terra brand
8	LMAO Twitting... thats never gonna get old haha!
8	@bunnymousekitt hahaha, yes, our discussions always seem to jump around randomly
8	OH EMM GEE!! QUEBEC IN 16 DAYS. I AM SO EXCITED.
8	@teemwilliams Michelle, @tamronhall is on here. Don't u miss her being on Fox? I liked your interviews with her.
8	@xstaylor LOL!  Considering the recent debate on DL, I'm not touching the bad boy thing.  I like the logical ones.
8	@JoyofZen haha. so you are actually doing some cleaning! good actual work!
8	@heidimontag my saturday was good  i cannot wait until this monday night
8	@aprilyim @nesarajah he's hard to please, methinks he has the picture in his head just fine
8	Got some beautiful flowers and a mag subscription for Mother's Day  Spoilt! &lt;3
8	@isabellacane Thanks! I was gonna make a joke and say they look just like mine!
8	@ihatecrayons http://twitpic.com/4w75p - I like it!!
8	I have lived through our band's first performance, and it was pretty damn fun.
8	is tired but happy the orphanage was wow.. and babysitting was really fun
8	is off to Tagaytay with the family! Happy Mum's Day to all you hot momma's
8	Watching water boy  about to grub on some carnisada. Yum,Yum!!
8	@car4dave lol thanks!
8	tired as hell!!!! bed time from cara  nighty night twitter world..
8	Watching superbad with brit
8	@davekennedy Wow, you might be countering the Benedryl with your enthusiasm.
8	@limheeian iPhone is awesome man!! Time to join the Apple cult!!
8	on my way homee  i love long car rides&lt;3
8	Did anyone go photographing today? I managed to get a few macro shots of some flowers that were blooming
8	@sparrowstudio They turned out great! And I had a killer workout before-hand so no guilt
8	Operation Mischevious (Pinwheel) to commence in 25 min... lol  waiting on Ed to show up
8	@miizronnie aha speaking German  haha maybe i should send some stuff in Italian ;)
8	right n0w, im on my bed  egotastic r0cks!hahaha..
8	@davedays GAH! I got some of your songs off itunes  I'm so happy! They're SO AWESOME!!! keep it up!
8	flashlight tag!  i love playing games in the dark.
8	relaxing...enjoying the evening
8	just got done washing dishes not too long ago
8	I got the new Silverstein CD. aha. Its AMAZING.  I highly recomend it.
8	@Hey_B @Cabbrock thank goodness!!
8	Just finished with a little booty duty  that was a work out. Now I'm hungry. .
8	@JaySodmg heyy jay, wat's going on witcha ? &amp; do you want a twitter background ? you already know i gotcha if you need anything.
8	im thinking that im going to have fun tonight....and maybe some changes are coming
8	@MishaSaysRawr i'm totally gonna have money to actually buy a pair of shoes this time
8	@SeanScottPotter I'm watching girl movies all night! Great night for movie night
8	@lunaliu  You are such a positive thinker, I am for sure keeping you around!
8	Just got off the phone with garrett.  still cleaning my room. It s raining  that makes me feel better
8	@seetiggerbounce White House Correspondents Dinner, funny stuff for political junkies. #whcd   I'm a recovering addict.
8	@LauraJames3 I crochet Laura. Simple stitches...I can make a mean afgan!
8	@TheeRealFDHC Ahhh I can only imagine what you're looking at!! So luckyyy. Hope your having fun.
8	on the phone w. Chantellie ! &lt;3
8	@acummings I am ecstatic client can do a deed in lieu of ...so Monday I will take my sign &amp; lockbox off happy another satisfied client
8	@tadasauce Have a good time
8	this song called stolen, it soooo amazing!! it by Dashboard Confessional
8	@janae24 LOL! Let's find something quickly.
8	I gave a homeless lady named Ruby an Ice Cream sandwich and a cigarette.  That is my g00d deed for the day. :p
8	Chilling feeling really nice..
8	@idann, now that sounds better
8	@Strabismus You are too kind! I swear I'm always feeding someone!
8	i forgot how much i love all these songs on my itunes. i love shuffle  and i love watching the pranks from AP Tour!
8	@LiveInLove10 YES!!! haahaaa.! break out the jellybeaniesss!
8	@rvagirl Oh I believe you...   sooo @RebeccaNavarro thinks she belongs elsewhere, I say I dont think so...
8	Selling my laptop for CHEAP if anyone's interested!  17&quot; Toshiba 1.3gig ram
8	Watching the CAVS!!!!!
8	FTSK and Mercy Mercedes were amazing tonight.. as always
8	@mahamimo Thank you! Your makeup art is top-notch, come to my house every morning! ha ha
8	Thank you, Afrin Nasal Spray! Also, I got a giant teacup tonight!
8	just got home after an hour at the track, I feel real good now =P running is nice  and abs work and push ups haha =P
8	@mynewgroove I said I wouldn't drink tonight, but I say this as I drink this Sam Adams
8	@spiderdj82 thank you. yes yes. hooray!
8	soooo sleepy.  but gotta finish this game.  lol. gettt it cavs!  whoop whoop
8	@followfrankie it was jokes!!!  me love the mag..really!
8	had fun at chel's with nicole and cried watching benjamin button   exciting night i must say
8	@KeepinUpWKris  Have a Happy Mothers Day! I thought u had blocked me cause i couldn't get anything thru the other day
8	Star Trek was GREAT yet minor details needed to be worked out, but I give it a Thumbs Up, regardless!
8	@eliasharrak ummm, come on, for me twins and slurpees, and being in a car with the twins is going to be pretty epic!!!
8	Having fun with all my dolls  tequillla...carne asada....and my mom dancing funny!
8	Averaged $31 per hour at work today! Gotta love holidays
8	listening to @hardqueen after last nights Up from the Underground screening, awesome job @latapia
8	@scenexxqueen haha. welcome to my world. we fail together.
8	http://twitpic.com/4w855 Operation Happy Mom a success!
8	@officialjosephj Hahhaa okaay ily! Lmfao
8	Finally going to bed! Woo-Hoo! Gotta work at 5am! Lots of love to all!
8	took 8 trips to basement to move books from my room - i have a floor again
8	Reading, cryin, reading, laughin...  Enjoying the ride while being enlightened and inspired by letters to a young sister!!  Thx Hill.
8	About to pik out my hair, braid it up, scrub off my make up and relaxxxx.... tonight was fun
8	@CHRIS_Daughtry You should come play in the college town of Eau Claire, WI.  Seriously, you'd have TONS of people turn out for it.
8	loven the rs ftw pvp is bac
8	@shygamer @Zeralyn I told ya'll I am a good girl. You can see my halo and everything
8	I love these App things, it be hella awesome bro.
8	relaxing night at home with best people
8	@garrettmurray Same here!  I just wanted it to keep going and not end... ever! ;)
8	@cldoug Jana laughed when I told her about the anniversary tweet.
8	Played some Mythic Brawl in order to get a good screenshot. Instead, I got a Perfection!
8	Gonna see the cab twice!  In August, I'm taking my friend Jess to the Vegas one for her bday!
8	is cute
8	My goal is to be in bed by 2am
8	is home  i love traveling, but there is nothing like coming home!
8	FIFTH RUNNER UP  at keg with @kirsten95 , @devonshire94 , hannah, darian, fiona, &amp; phillipa
8	@MckMama  This has made my night!!  Way too funny!!
8	@bencredible hopefully the weather has been nice/cooperating
8	Goood Moring
8	Women in Science &amp; Technology conference in La Jolla - what an interesting day!  Met some really great people!
8	@DomSoFresh bl MUTHAFUCKIN ah!  I win!
8	I feel like dressing up for the heck of it.&amp; putting make up on. Haha
8	Search Ryan Carera &amp; Josh Kelley  They're really good
8	Hellerrr new followerss. I'm Tricina &amp; uhhm I'm cool
8	Great motorcycle ride along Hood Canal and through Gig Harbor today. Not to warm, great sunshine, stunning day
8	I'm really excited that I'm a Queen Bee on the Power Mom 50 List  I feel really REALLY honored. #nielsenpowermoms
8	@carljohnston
8	Reached Bangalore!! Now gotta hunt for rooms
8	@shmeezie thanks for having me! i had a great time too
8	@r_city tell brandon I said hi!!
8	baseball games whoo hooo  when to banquet yesterday at the hyhtt sooo fun
8	Watching Groove the movie with @mikecase my hubby!
8	@james_stjohn That's what we hope for!
8	so who is in for bring at HK lounge tomorrow ? $12 all you can drink till 5pm... then kareoke. I think it will be a nice Sunday!
8	Top cashier at work today! woot woot! now off to have a drink...
8	a chilled day  party tomorrow.
8	@TheAsterik BETTER BE. ALSO, YES. UNF UNF &lt;3 ...Lisa still hasn't gotten any, btw  *smacked*
8	http://twitpic.com/4w8kr - meet Bella the new member of the family!!
8	It's official - Liberty Grand is my new fave reception venue... Will blog some shots Tuesday
8	@hiimlianaa haha yea &quot;help&quot; (technically itz called cheating but my teacher helps us anyways so im not cheating)
8	Watching Sex &amp; The City at my brothers soccer game. I have totally defited the purpose of coming.. Hehe
8	@JackAllTimeLow Im glad you're a lot happier barakitten  &lt;3 see yah in july
8	@SHCollectibles Aww Thanks!    Glad I appreciated the weather so much yesterday!
8	HAHAH, Did I hear MVP Chants in Atlanta's Arena?  At least they get it right there, unlike at staples
8	@jerennyofficial Hahah JONAS in 10 min!! woop woop! it was fun me and Doug had a 2 cmmt convo. it was magical hahaha
8	@jackalltimelow lucky! that's awesome
8	A long day with the family.   I'm so tired now.  Had fun!
8	Come on Kirk, hook up your Wii to the wifi....you can do eeet!
8	It's good to be home
8	@opinionatedant Have a great weekend Mononoke  I may be tweeting from inside the movie theater either Monday or Tuesday  lol
8	Finally making some headway in the family room!  Home is finally begining to look like it!  btw dial up can go die!
8	waking up at 6 am? yuuup. still going out tonight? you better believe it.
8	And, I'm accumulating money again, so I can use a fancy finance app. Thinking of getting another CD or an IRA.  saving for a house. crazy!
8	havin friends over hangin out with christian tonight!!  gonna roast marshmellows and chocolate and cramcrackers.!?!?!
8	winding down, love having a low key day.
8	Partied long and hard...goodnight Twitter see ya in the mornin
8	@bluecrystaldude happy attending kenduri.. eat those yummy stuffs on my behalf ya.
8	I'm one of them... Just got off phone w/ chanel   I told he  to tell u ur a brat for the temptation... Which I couldn't pass up! Thanks!
8	@starryeyedsoul Meeeee! It sounds delicious
8	@sayitwithecards Thanks for the #followfriday!
8	I hope they re-run this nerdprom later-  sounds like they're having LOTS of fun.  Thanks all for the play-by-play
8	Getting my hair done bout to hit the club ....... Ha see u later ....... Smooches
8	Mom, happy mother's day  love you. Thanks for everything. I'm sorry for being such a spoilt brat all the whiles. You are my HERO!
8	@shootingstarmzx yup Florin cat foo sho, don't worry about the whole pix thing, I'm a sexy piece of caucasian sensation  lol
8	The time Is 3.50am and if finished my essay  I can have Sunday off  woop
8	Just watched another episode of JONAS. Is it better than Hannah Montana? Very much true!
8	Starting out @chuckreynolds bday bash with a Blue Moon  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07k6X
8	having a bath with epsom salts and listening to carrie underwood
8	@russiandiva  Tat, You looks beautiful and are a heck of a mama and business woman.   Dana
8	@assos Eh, it's alright - nowhere near the same quality as a standard keyboard, but still useful!
8	lifes been sweet ever since thursday    im totally livin the life right now
8	@dpbkmb Thank you for FF
8	Get on a plane! Come drink my Cristal with me
8	See No Evil starring WWE wrestler Kane. You should watch it
8	@Afish0410 awwww jim jam  we're good at dodging meatballs WOO
8	The Black Canyon seriously have the BEST fusion food around
8	McDonalds in the car.  http://tinyurl.com/onoger
8	party in the beach
8	@xxLOVExxPEACE yes  and i want you to keep going if you would ;)
8	@aprilllllx hey girlie!!!
8	@jazzii3phiizzl3 oh mm gee we got aerolas in the live tonite
8	oo. and studied today outside after having a ben+jerry's.. wearing a sundress, hopefully didn't get an awkward tan line.. haha!
8	@budceiling Sorry.  I'm a squirrellist, and I only talk to black or sliver squirrels.
8	it sleepy time  [&lt;cody&gt;]
8	@etherjammer  I think it's because I'm always offtopic and sometimes inappropriate (germination and &quot;fruit picking&quot; jokes, etc)
8	@onti1 have fun tonight
8	@SmBizGuru You are very welcome. You deserve #followfriday every day!
8	@tommyreyes OHHH my bad! yes him  heh heh
8	@StorySeeker lol...but they aren't here! I'll tell them to do that Monday. lol
8	@davorado Bet she plays on Medium and you play on easy too huh...  #iPhone #Fun #Game
8	@actionchick  YAY! I love new ppl! WOOOOO!!
8	im officially done with school til fall.
8	i have twitter, sooo i'm pretty damn cool now
8	@Lawrence_n_DC amendment 4.5: the right to be big pimpin? Because gotta say, a positive right at best. Man, 2nd time tonight w/ this thrd
8	As a reward for getting so much done yesterday, I'm playing World of Warcraft today. Yay!
8	@christian792 LOL we're such twitter addicts
8	just woke up from a delightful nap. I can't desribe how much success is involved in an 8am nap on sat night....need rhubarb now
8	Happy Mother's Day!
8	Get to see and hopefully meet these guys next week at ROTR!! Can NOT wait!!!  Adelitas Way - Invincible ? http://blip.fm/~5ynxr
8	On my macbook  Inviting Friend to Twitter  and Happy Mothers Day
8	@hobbz You really think it was that awesome? We'll have to discuss
8	@SweetIsa it was a crazy time, nothing to be ashamed of that you were timid. you were osocute in your bashfulness
8	@cassowaryjewel Excellent point.
8	yeah! i made a drawing today and now im getting flooded with requests for portraits for people
8	Welcoming cimmarongirl  I'm so proud!
8	Ushers: You guys made Mother's Day really awesome today! Thanks for coming in early to prep the surprise gifts for all our moms!!
8	@Postlemonkey Oh, awesome, I have Yahooo!  Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
8	@glossymom yeah i am getting to that point. Need a new phone anyway so its gonna happen real soon!!
8	@taylorswift13 Mine too! Hayley is great
8	@MariahCarey can your 500 hrs of beautey school fix that?  haha
8	http://twitpic.com/4w9ce - my future car ! I love it !
8	@justinsxe woot, woot! super cool
8	@CherryBlossoms4 YEYYYY MADDY IS FABULOUSSSSSS GOD BLESS HER
8	just got home from work. ready for chill time  shoot me a PM. aim: pillowtalk6188
8	Had a ton of fun w muffin today
8	Bleah a tad tipsy and too many cup cakes. Maddies birthday tomorrow + family party
8	@AimeeLady The girls there last night would have let her! And I figure the boys would have enjoyed watching...
8	Is it possible to pass out he your laying down? Bed soon if i can sleep &lt;3
8	With my jordie for a little bit
8	Just saw the new Star Trek movie. It was so good!! Zachary Quinto is amazingggg
8	Made breakfast for bf; went to sears to pass my drivers test! stayed with minh for a lil, sauna&amp;spa with aunt, uncle &amp; mom; FINALLY HOME
8	@heffabella i dont know u but heeeeeeey  my name is shannn *extends hand* put er there. where u from?
8	@bumblebeex0 yeah the freedom is awesome, it's great being a little more independent
8	DW, that was funny
8	its funny how people can forget their anger with the arrival of other people they least expect to see
8	getting ready for the concert tonight! YAY!
8	@Kicesie or elope  I can't wait to see the pictures of you in the dress. It will be breath taking
8	animating an ad for work. One of my favorite things to do. So much so that I'm doing it on a saturday night for fun!
8	Bass drum heads breaking equals bust. Who needs tickets for May 15th? You?
8	&quot;It's not rape if you scream surprise first.&quot; - my customer just said to me. Haha.  (via @OMGitsJessieLee)LMAO
8	just got back from six flags  wicked fun. even tho i almost died!
8	@musiclove18 haha thanks  its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol
8	@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
8	@AimeeLady Lol... She is fine the way she is  How has your weekend been?
8	just finished YSC runthrough for service! It's gonna be awesome!  - http://tweet.sg
8	anyone excited for harry potter like i am. damn twilight postponed my first love   oh well off to find some hai chai
8	@chaotic_barb I'm totally with ya.  I blocked the negative from my stream
8	@SairzBillington lol, thanks  I think my husband would classify it as &quot;annoying&quot; - but I like awesome so much better
8	@GericaQuinn lmao haha nice lolz it's all good though. i can wait  lol
8	@LoveLinds HEY THAT'S SOMETHING I'D DO!
8	good morning everbody!
8	after prom party tonight
8	you are so right! @Adrianmw1
8	good night! im off to sleeep!!!! 5 am  good mornining! xD
8	@DianaRay1 I KNOW I'm so excited for them!
8	BYEEEEE!!!
8	*PEN JAM CLEARED* CLICK!
8	Just reached my Cellgroup leader's house and he is surprised that I'm dry. Haha.  - http://tweet.sg
8	Yay! Made it home. Feels great to be back and it's still light out.
8	The food here looks amazing! Our dessert is Frozen Grand Marnier Souffle, of course we have to eat @ the bar
8	@stevetilley it was a lonely battle, my friend, but you fought valiantly!
8	just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today!
8	THANKS GUYS! 200 FOLLOWERS
8	@inflight1  we get so bored with routine.. lol!
8	after some pizzas, going sleep
8	Spongebob sing a long. Amandas mom gave me and crystal jonas brothers calendars
8	I don't care about netsexor cams or the route to heaven, however, #lobster sounds super good.  I'm almost tempted to go get some.
8	@plsdontgogurl That's the one. I wish I have a video compilation of @jordanknight's thrusting
8	@LiveCrunch haha  Thanks!
8	walking home listening to music and singing to myself. :d Six feet under the stars
8	@charmainelhs then you must insist you write essays the twitter way - no more than 140 characters
8	on the north im BOOMIN!!!.. lol.. fucc the club dog i rather count a million buccz!!!..  ..THEY CALL ME STARBUCCZ BITCH!!!..
8	Writing and researching. Tired of being foolish, so I'm educating myself &amp; moving forward. Gonna marry a white boy they do you right!!!
8	Go Canada they made Nikkie Payne #1 comic well she is soo yeah but she is only funny to pervs or teens or people in my family
8	finally made it to phoenix!  I am home.
8	@lar206 just saw a baby blue regal with the word &quot;SLAB&quot; written in huge letters on the side  hahaaaa
8	@RussellMoyer olawd go see it, its priceless  soooo funny
8	D-Lab on MIT Open courseware http://is.gd/ygt5 There goes my chances of getting any work done in the next few weeks
8	Dinner with Gma and the big sis by the water!  yummmmmm
8	Is waiting for Foreigner start
8	@SaraBareilles That's a great point... but I'm not shitting in ANY! woods, Sara... you should know better.  Haha
8	I would love to sleep with pete Lmfao   jk
8	Make sure your mom knows you love her
8	hey guys = ) i went to Jenny's house today!! i had so much fun    so how about everyone else? what did u guys doo?
8	@KeepinUpWKris hope you have a great day tomorrow!!  happy mothers day!  let us know what you did
8	holy smokes! star trek was freaking awesomeeeee
8	@geramie yeah I was thinking about that ,ahaha
8	Been Mother Day shopping....wow...big thanks to my sister for coming with me. Sorry about getting you drunk though
8	@BarackObama i heart you
8	With @MOBARZHARLEM walking the streets of Harlem. Home sweet home
8	@omgdarleny hahaa your awesomee !
8	@TheYotesDiva Yep, I tolerate nothing in the facebook group
8	News of the Wierd is so entertaining
8	feeling like in 16 again - watching TWILIGHT &amp; enjoying it
8	I'm so proud of my NAU graduate friend!!! We're getting ready to celebrate  tonight!!! It'll be an international ordeal~
8	@ MGM grand, mraz on stage! No doubling back opener.  lots of old memories flooding back
8	have a good day  @tuanyia @mirandaspazz @augustblossom @amoremotore ? http://blip.fm/~5yomt
8	Finally at home
8	@capemaybooks alright don't want you to overdue it now. LOL you are funny  nite nite
8	@mikegentile http://twitpic.com/4l85a - best kind of gum ever! I just bought a pack
8	just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out
8	Helping with &quot;kiddie church&quot; tomorrow! Yay little guys!!
8	has enjoyed her first day of summer
8	@BigGuitarStore I'll drink to that  #shotdrinksaturday
8	@George_Mounce yes and it lasts way past my bedtime!
8	@SecretVampire:  nice to see you on twitter!
8	@loyaleagle good catch!  Thanks a bunch- have to put up a new widget.
8	Had tons of fun, yay!!  On to after prom for lots more fun, horayyyayayay
8	Wishing a Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mothers out there.
8	@MarvetBritto Awesome! that's how I wanna roll when I become mogul status
8	my new phrase is 'you never doubt mo williams'   six game win streak!
8	..my mother just WON the City of Terrell, Texas District 2 'City Council' Seat  ..i'm M.i.A lol HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
8	@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx im in schaumburg rite now ... and u want ice cream lol its type chilly outside lol i got ice cream here
8	mrskutcher &amp; aplusk you two are to funny!
8	@DanSherwood lannen fall?    we have a new EP coming out shortly.  I want you dudes to hear it!
8	@nyisles if you like those cookies, you are going to LOVE my cookies   Lars Tetens cookies that is. You coming to see us on 5/16?
8	just got back from my grandparents suprise 60th anniversary party...it was sooooo much fun!!!
8	11:10pm on a Saturday... you know what that means! BEDTIME!
8	had a very good day and is now going to get into bed!
8	Updated blog. Shows You Should Be Watching: The Unusuals http://digg.com/u12w7c Go check it out
8	haha i just watch a funny ass video on youtube  made my day
8	@StickySoyChai well that propels people to change direction. No point wasting your days on something you lost the passion for.
8	I'm learning the guitar very quickly. It's coming naturally
8	Going to church in the morning...happy mommas day almost
8	http://yfrog.com/0guyoj bonfires are my fave!
8	@moonfrye I thought I was the only one with the tags on the outside of my shirt
8	I know my sunshine did wonderful today  I had an alright day! Text me twitterers.
8	@ExocetAU i always have those for my Champions League parties  Tis awesome
8	Its 11:11  make a wish
8	got back from visiting relatives...time to watch a movie
8	Grilled chicken, broccolli, and water.  Yummy and healthy. Well until I put butter on my veggies but whatever
8	@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/4vw9a - I'm not gonna buy one...nor two... But three! I will be the ultimate slaughter machine!
8	@aoibhe   well, I couldn't get a real clear shot, but I've got the best I could...silly people walking through the admitting of the ER...
8	@johncmayer What does it matter? We ALL love you.  Take your pick. HA!
8	@heyitscheryl ooh like what? I'm planning on spending the night in as well
8	watchin family guy
8	@ginaturner i'm fake. . Is that the same?   ~K~
8	(L) ice grande half-sweet French vanilla soy milk from Starbucks means summaa's coming !!!
8	@KarlaaM_ A blouse! ahahaha I gave her money and she went to get it!  Where's your mom??
8	@natashayi between the Garlic Pills, the Spider bite between your toe (LOL-Classic) and you always being hungry. U are killing me 2 funny
8	Thanks to @ksatnews and @doublepunching for the updates on tonight votes.
8	ellen degeneres and mcfly fans!  i say we try to get mcfly on the ellen show..how about it?
8	@bumblebeex0 awesome! maybe someday I'll find a book of yours on the bestsellers list? lol
8	over him  finally
8	I had an amazing night with my friends!!!  now I am losing my voice!
8	@sweetdee15 Your peanut butter soup was amazing and so was everything else!  Your soup was just a higher form of amazing
8	@tuffyr that is cute, a manly cute of course.  reminds me of a Scion
8	happy mother's day
8	@chickieleighc That was nice. I Just ordered my mom her gift from me and my sister.   Something different and unexpected.
8	@victoriabsb That sucks! Eat a Burrito!  They're way to fun! Hey check this out: http://backstreetpride.net/teamburritocontest.html
8	I've got jam! Oh yea.
8	perfect night in nj.
8	@baloneyFACE probably the coooolest thing we've ever done
8	@BeDimples Lmao dimples naww thats cute , ok ill try to remember first of winter is dimple day
8	Smoking Maryjane is my favorite thing to do  speaking of ima name my daughter Maryjane Lakoda. Lakoda is mrijuana is latin&lt;3
8	@iamglennie how fun!  Invite her to the hhs group
8	@emma_daarling haha yah it's walking distance from my house  Mission Tiki Drive-In haha every summer we go like every weekend
8	FREE FREE FREE- just a pesky registration but after that  ENJOY http://bit.ly/rlQGu
8	Im eating a salad  and rember to comment my new myspace pictures plz?
8	listening to the falling rain...lalala
8	I have found the best songd to have stuck in my head are relient k songs...I know every word and can finish them
8	@tayloregly I am filming musicans friends of mine  @Landslideduo at a Legion  These people sure know how to dance
8	Strawberry margaritas + baked stuffed shrimp =
8	Makeup + cute dress = I'm ready to go
8	its a beautiful,albeit, windy at times, night in So No....
8	where is the love by the black eyed peas, so many memories. Watching the hulk!
8	@DanWarp &quot;Shut Up&quot; was the line removed from the locker scene! I bet I could recite that speech easily! Dare me?!?!
8	Figured out twitter for my phone
8	finally got my SayNow account up and running  YAYY JBs got a Canadian SayNow number!.. is anyone else using their landline phone? CALL ME!
8	@BeccyR It's a program that shows all Twitter and Facebook status updates all in one.. it's alright, but yeah probably won't use it often
8	A slice of pizza, a movie (Star Trek), and a shared hot fudge sundae @ Sundae House. Saturday nights are Date Nights again
8	@veeiceekayi look, i'm following you!
8	A gift to myself. PUBLISHED! Episode 68 Align and Re-Align with Sensitivity Level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  http://bit.ly/8QAgh
8	@perivision btw - downloaded iphone 3.0 sdk
8	I just put my TV on the Canucks game and they score  yaay come on VanCity baby (I know, I can't believe I'm watching hockey either)
8	JONAS was absolutely heartwarming. Now, time for bed. Goodnight!  @Jonasbrothers
8	@DanielleAdalis the ending is te funniest, you'll see. ;) @JonasBrothers you know paranoif is always stuck in my head?? Love it.
8	such a fun night with Bekah just talkin and stuff. Wuv her
8	Gonna go drop some logs in the pool  back in 15 min
8	lucky to be where i belong
8	@nathydiaz it was ok after all. a couple of things made us late and stuff but after we got there we had a lot of fun.
8	Just got home from a day of pampering and shopping!!!! My white outfit is now totally complete
8	@Coodieranks Thats nice. My cousin just left my house. He has daughter's their all daddy's girls. So sweet
8	its awful breezy out here good thing they sold blankets!
8	Making a video for HitRecord... hope it comes out well, it'll be my first record
8	alone @ home... nice  very nice!!
8	@Claymoore for sure! You and your wife seem like cool cats.
8	@kakakatey That's cause Ovie is the one man team and when they show Pens highlights, it's the whole because we have more than 1 superstar
8	Summer is finally here! Graduation in a week!
8	is hanging out with the roomies. I adore the 4 gentlemen I live with. Great people and a good talk when discussing boy issues!!
8	woah! I Love the new twitter app! So many new things to do. just got finished watching Jon4Lakers video on this and it was good.
8	what fun!  I got retweeted by a bot
8	@e__O lol but tiz a good song
8	Star trek was good times.
8	Crawling into bed super happy that the Penguins won tonight
8	@arielle_marie Justin Timberlake is sooo funny!!
8	Phase 2 was a success. Self discovery is vital. Phase 3 is only mins away. Cool &amp; Classy baby! Shout out 2 &quot;D&quot; yeah mane!
8	@jtimberlake love the new website
8	@Dynamomagician Dude you are awesome
8	@penguinsnews Go Pens go, Gino Wins it for the Pens
8	@ayanakamura0428 so excited for you and Paris ooh lala  i look forward to knowing you a long long time lovely ! hugs n kisses g
8	loves John Mayer's updates.  And modeling in the hot sun... and being sweaty... jk. But seriously...
8	just got out of the shower.. man i feel good..
8	&quot;She threatened me, I patronized her, we didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.&quot;    Movie night.
8	Doin the Damn Thing Here at the Crib..Bout to Watch Star Trek... Yup
8	@Teresamerica oh yeah he IS!  .. you should see him when he REALLY gets going! LOL .. doesn't care WHO doesn't like it heheheheh GREAT!
8	Playing Ghost Online is really interesting. The new updates are Kirin pet and Metamorph for third job.  Can't wait to have a dragon pet
8	New pickkshaa! If it's really big then it looks MILKY!  YAAAY!
8	@orphanth i just had pasta  from pizzahut.
8	@10veisonitsway OHSHNAPSSS. is she pissed at blair as usual ? hahah. &amp; yeeeah, i bake cookies
8	watching beauty &amp; the beast  haha
8	Thanks to good friends for coming out, hanging out and being our ears out there, you know who you are
8	I should get a metal for making it to work this morning...
8	@justinphillip. Awesome!  what kind?
8	Nice win by the Dodgers, 8-0 over Giants
8	SNL is gonna be great tonight
8	Parrrtty!..Playing twister and getting tipsy!...well everyone else is lol
8	whoohoo! just went to get movies and junk food  its a womens night mwahaha &gt;
8	got it? good. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
8	@JanieceLincoln Ha... Totally go for it. You're a journalism major, so it's a perfect fit.
8	Today was eventful...
8	@alidg take me with you!!!  Have fun!
8	Watching One Fine Day while eating my cereal. Start a good sunday with a good movie
8	Following new other #sanctuary fans! See the wonders of #SanctuarySunday !!!  good to meet you all!
8	is going to be in Cincinnati all day Sunday...visitin' with an old friend/brother from Korea, then a date with someone special
8	Gonna read a story bout adam lambert online then bed. Nighty night
8	@Shaunie_O Awesome! My family owns it...The Flowers.. and we love having your kids there! They seem to have lots of fun!!
8	@josieinthecity LOL!  good men watch the flicks w/us and just sigh!  this is a good flick so far it's called &quot;Because I Said So&quot;
8	@SinnamonLove Yes we did!  Thank You!!
8	@IncredibleLAGO I'd be soo honoured if u cld chk out my beats, perhaps sm advice on wat I nd to do 2 improve da overall sound of my music
8	eating oreos and milk
8	@thatswhack74 aww that's sweet! i made a home made card and i wrote her a song...   it wasn't that much but oh well..
8	at dancing...waiting for my turn  hope i get my newww cd with the funky reel music todayy!!!
8	@CocoDishman wasssup cocoliciousness!!! I knew u didn't recognize me!  how's ur daughter?
8	Can't wait for the next twitter.
8	@4everBrandy looks like your having fun
8	Guys. Just got someone with saran wrap. Tuesdays video shall be awesome
8	my two new favorite prayers:  &quot;help me, help me, help me.&quot;  and &quot;thank you, thank you, thank you.&quot;
8	@avenue_a The rocky kind! With little rockpools &amp; octopi &amp; shells &amp; stuff. Now I want to be at the beach. Its the perfect overcast day.
8	Thanks! carry on the craziness again!!!
8	2026 2164 6790 9128  Add me up and lets play something.
8	@vogleratmizzou yay about breaking 200!
8	@MariahCarey Happy mother's day to Ms. Pat Carey
8	@MaryCateOMalley Like the Simpsons? That's like asking, &quot;so you like breathing?&quot;
8	Pinkberry
8	FOOOOOD  yummy so. whose washing the dishes now ? NOT ME ! not i ..    rofl
8	@TheRealMJ87 I saw the game not a huge cavs fan lol. they pay refs. But Yao's out 4 the rest of playoffs so L.a is cruising to the WCF
8	@chrissinicole I guess thats just how I am lol
8	Four hour baseball game. At least the Crew spent much of it making the Cubbies look bad.
8	@peacelovekelly and we will all eat it and be happy
8	bowling with cousins  awesome
8	lets play some russian roulette.
8	@Sarahbear9789 Haha thanks.
8	another bday w a special friend
8	@worldfamousKid awwwww poor Drew... I hope you feel better before Krush
8	@dexterlo feel better!   c's been teething all week &amp; its been rough...
8	@theteganandsara PRIDE next weekend in Long Beach!!
8	Just watched the movie The Holiday. I had forgotten what a feel good movie it was!  Lovely evening.
8	Ok, time for bed. Good night Twitter
8	Just at Starbucks with Farrah!
8	Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill
8	Had a nice dinner with mom! I've started the chicken rolls. They are going to cook overnight. The rest I'll do tomorrow.
8	please check out www.mysweetebony.com and lmk what you think  ... my first paysite ... post up your site too!
8	i need to see @betsycon7...now! someone buy me a plane ticket, please?
8	is NOT watching Star Trek tonight. But is heading to a lovely dinner and fun board games night with @chrisweis
8	WH Correspondant's Dinner Rocked! Wanda Sykes was hilarious and Obama wasn't too bad  Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there......
8	Watching one of my fav movies Sparkle  + go get food later!
8	this week has been fun...i hope next week will be even better  NYC in 19 days
8	Listening to dashboard confessional &amp; counting down the days until the @varsityfc concert on May 16th with @ashgoz
8	@coleryanxxx yes LOL that's good one .remeber that bottoms are always the top .
8	@BabyPatches I had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun
8	Bioshock is as fantastic as the first time I played it. Now sleep then more Bioshock tomorrow
8	@JENjbphoto totally digging the napa valley idea! I can deal with wine and a limo ride
8	Going I sleep today was a long day happy mothers day to all the moms out there
8	@jumblejim &quot;A hike in the woods with four little kids couldn't be that exhausting, right? Wrong.&quot;  LOL.. Try downright masochistic!
8	If you guys would be interested in watching me get tattooed tomorrow, let me know!
8	Writing this post on my new iPod Touch!
8	@jadedcreative did you find me a spot on your team??  wink wink.
8	@zeenell when we were poor and lived in Germany it was our favourite cheap Saturday. Now we have one 20min away.
8	that party was a great time  just got 'paranoid' by @jonasbrothers as a ringtone! yay
8	Margaritas with my Momo. I've missed her.
8	@Pamela_Edwards Heh heh. Odd but amusing. Thanks!
8	@PaulaCampbell Happy Mothers Day Paula
8	@DC_VulcanRaven thanks again
8	time to go swimming in the freezing water at kalies. yeah!
8	@Personal_Trainr Thanks for the link.  It made me smile
8	@Joannah11 I've had @hempware for a while now, just in case. And yeah, I start work there again tomorrow. Very excited
8	Said The Whale &amp; Mother Mother? OK!
8	happy thats its finally summer  and cant wait to turn 21 on weds!!!!!!!
8	@robinware Did you see Star Trek? Now I can't sleep.........too much action. Can't wind down!!!
8	@DakotaCassidy Hah!  Sparkly ones at that.
8	@CrysWinchester HAHAAH! Crys, you blowing the fuses is a typical move
8	@Pamluther I'd like to put your fruity article on my website if you'll permit
8	Feet hurt...finally in bed...will not forget this crunch when it's over...very very productive day today though
8	Wearing &quot;purple with a passion&quot; by OPI and I absolutely love it!!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wc1y - Cracking myself more &amp; more up..  PhootoBoothingisFunForBunny Volumen Eins!
8	Today was fun  I &lt;3 meeting boardies! The acoustic set was just soo phenomenal!
8	Time for bed!  Hope your saturday was as lovely as mine was...
8	enough for today, good night all
8	41 Followers? Random people, but okay!
8	watching my new season eleven dvd
8	JONAS rocked tonight!  going to bed after I write a lil bit... Night and bless all
8	@Kevin_AnR_Shine Feeling pretty good. You should check this out http://www.myspace.com/bigcitymonkey Just saying.
8	@TxKFilms Yay! have fun
8	hi twitter people
8	okay the new jonas episode was awesome
8	got a lot of shopping done today...really excited bout my new travel journal! Going to go to sleep watching a movie with my cousins
8	Back in New Mexico again! Happy Mothers day to you mothers out there!
8	@vardenrhode Many thanks, mate
8	@asiareeves I'm just glad it turned out okay for you!
8	LIVE FROM NEW YORK ITS SATURDAY NIGHT!  finally a new one
8	had a lovely breakfast with mum...yummy pancakes
8	*happy sigh* Mom liked the flowers I sent! PHEW! It's never a sure thing with her
8	@johncmayer Haha your humor makes me happy
8	My inner desire is to go to an isle in the middle of the Mediterranean to soak up the sun; Good night... as I dream that inner desire.
8	finally packed...thinking its time for some sleep! Ready for Chicago!
8	Bones (the show). Check. PB &amp; J. Check. Writing my play. Check. The simple joys are still here, even if the greatest are gone.
8	@teamwinnipeg  Gerry, THANK YOU for following me!..help spread the news...further...I think this will be cool...thank u thank u thank u!
8	@google aahh google, you never fail to make me smile http://twitpic.com/4w9rp (via @richiban)
8	is obsessing over chris pine  heehee...
8	omg  @nicolekennedy i found it  thnx
8	@mrs_nickj07 Um....Nicks Voice,Smile,Eyes,Laugh,and Hes a Great Rolemodel
8	started a great mother's day season!
8	@Hstreet96 always good to see you - even in cyberspace
8	@AliciaWag hehe - about NZ being the most magical place on Earth.
8	@Jakpedz you should come out!!
8	Jumping im the shower after a long day of work  it shall feel ahmazing I CAN MATH!
8	@YourboyH thank you broooooooo!!!! I've been out of the twitter loop today!
8	@ Butlers watching Dr. Farmer rock out w/ the hispanic Jimmy Hendrix ... drinking Cosmos
8	@Reicya Thanx sis I'll b sure to let them know how many people r praying w/them...
8	Live from New York, it's Justin Timberlake!
8	OMJ! The 3rd episode of Jonas is too great! They are so funny. I wish I was the Pizza Girll. Lol &lt;3
8	has decided NOT TO GO TO UNI TODAY!  http://plurk.com/p/su0yr
8	Finally off work!!!
8	@DonGeronimo dear michael sorce, you crack me up! sincerely, me
8	@laniew the exact one i was thinking of  the bestttt.
8	@nickasaur hey nick  how are youu? x
8	'Cause you have that effect on me, you do ? ?Currently loving Hey Monday. Thanks a lot, @alexrellosa.
8	@Poekasso Howz it going hun??
8	11.40 AM. I don't wanna wake up. Shoo, roommate, shoo.
8	@glorianatheband hey guys!! saw you in st. louis and LOVED you.. would you ever play in CT?? i met you outside after and u were SO NICE!!
8	@johnwyattedgar i dont really trust the judgements and vouches of @brandy_xo   jk. i'll think about becoming a friend of yours
8	@annaeeee my youtube channel? Demilynnmusic haha cause I love 2 sing &amp; stuff so yea
8	Hawks lost but it was a good time
8	@slashfilm peter!! follow me!! oh and have fun in europe!
8	@mcrfash1 that's great!
8	Bran!! Watch my video!!!!! please dont make me go stalker status 2nite  http://bit.ly/3Ysav
8	@DaRealMrDevine lol! I thought we was suppose to guess..damn, I tried tho..lolol!
8	@bella456  im going to my inlaws tonight.  hopefully my new niece will be there!  who needs kids when my inlaws have them all for me!
8	fiiiinaaalllyyy home after driving all day. speeding ticket. torential rains. ... fun times
8	Taking the dog on a walk..the weather is perfect rite now  @patty_p sucks becuz she didn't come with me hahaha
8	Going to Jack's for dinner with my BFF!
8	You should retweet others good tweets at least 10 a day to get involved into things at twitter
8	@aimeelynne you are right. haha. shes not that bad.
8	P-Nutt got a new collar and leash today  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/1034415
8	SNL with Justin Timberlake!
8	On my way to dazzle bar!!
8	@cowpunkmom Sweet deal! I so want to see that movie! Methinks we may have to do a Star Trek movie night some time, hmm?
8	had a awesome day!
8	live long and prosper  #fb
8	Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that's nice
8	@MarissaC500 Aww!  That's so sweet!  So glad she's home with you now. Happy mother's day to you
8	OMG... Folding my laundry and matched ALL socks to its perfect pair!  Good laundry folding day it is
8	Everyone going to the hometown show is excited they get to go on Thames Street. I'M GONNA SEE THE ORIGINAL THAMES RIVER, BITCH. ohhhh.
8	@MoreDior if u can smell goodness all around you and energy of big city and pinch on butt feel real YES u are in Chicago
8	@vulcansmuse @lorirusso still waiting to have a beer with Moldovan. At least he's happy I came.
8	Y is it when I luv someone I fear them? i just wish someone can exsplain it 2 me
8	THE CURIOUS CASE OF BENJAMIN BUTTON!!!!! I'm so excited about this fucking movie
8	After sleeping in  the rest of the day was busy. however, I got to spend the last of it with my favorite babysittee (the kids are great!).
8	@mundah and I'm really glad you were able to watch the game
8	@WatchMeRise youre very welcome....you deserve it!!
8	@Mattdavelewis Lol Your tweets are so funny! I met you in Calgary! You're awesome  Can't wait for the next HP movie!
8	Very tired from a day of awesomeness and cake    Now time for a bit of sleep.
8	@dustyedwards  Those dog pic had me  ROLF!  The one  with the snow stuck too it  has that &quot;if looks could kill look&quot; way funny
8	@BooG_PopuLarEnt awww boog u aint been on in a min....hey to ya.  but that's whats up enjoy ya'll selves especially your lil cousin.
8	@Praxilla As opposed to twitter, where all we can do is talk to people.  SL is fun. I already have way too many ways to distract myself.
8	@nickiminaj pleeeeeease pleeeease make me a dj drop
8	@Roqayah good morning
8	had a GREATTTTTT day    taking Liz home now. &lt;3
8	@missSHANNAbaby YAY  u get to see ddub again ;) those 5 men always keep me happy &amp; motivated
8	@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha yay for crust  (i tend to be a little weird when im super bored lol)
8	Is enjoying staying in the house today
8	Ouutside in the city talkin to trey trey  i misssed him
8	@konghee It's allright pastor, jiayou for the book!!
8	i would take the ???s out the sky for you
8	@MrsTravisBennet its cool.  Im glad everyone had a nice date night.  Maybe one day ill get one too.
8	is excited about so R and R for mother's day
8	just about to go home. I'm usually 'mr. positive' but this has been one of those daze. well, 15 mins until tomorrow!
8	@MzWhatThePuck Good luck  I wanna see them again too. I waited outside by their buses to see them before, no autographs tho!
8	@Peacehippie04 is a loser;) baha, dude! i'm gonna come &amp; put those pictures on my myspace really quick!
8	@ChynaDollxo  Na my friend.. why? you ask  is it my great physique lol
8	@yaykimo baaha  &amp; healthy choice my friend! (:
8	Archuleta &amp; Cook will arrive in 2 days!!
8	heading to bed with tea to finish Breaking Dawn.
8	@QueenSapphyre So!!! Why should that matter? I bet you would be GREAT at it! I do!!! It's what you love, right? Why not go for it!
8	@PANICitsLeslie Aww that's still awesome. You had fun though I can assume.
8	@MariM525 lol I am blessed to have you in my life too &quot;mama&quot;  Sorry about your back pain. You should do some stretches.
8	@kristi_crow he's happy because hs is there haha I know we would be
8	@Jayeliwood No it's not sad. Should make you proud
8	Moveout should be fun. Thank you VT students for working to make VT the best that it can possibly be
8	I'm on my way to see '17 Again'.  I've wanted to see it for a looong time
8	So apparently i left my front door wide open before going out to my show. With my and my moms laptops on the coffee table. Love my area
8	@Metqueen sounds awesome..
8	@erichalvorsen @LorenBrinton @nicksantino i say you all tour again. same lineup...with austin gibbs!
8	dancing around and cleaning the house..... loving my sunday so far
8	@jtimberlake i think u have more than enough friends now, including me lol
8	@triplesix_ Whoop whooop
8	@katevoegele that was an amazing concert!!! got some really good video and pictures
8	@MrsBlue23 its been reli gdd ty its 4.50am lol and im not sleeping :O but im watching tv alls good lol how was yours?
8	@jerwjr Thank you!  I'm working on @ddlovato's
8	http://twitpic.com/4wdgr - Yay! I'm a blonde again!! I feel so girly
8	@amoonchilde  Thank you!  Tomorrow is my b-day too! I tease my Mom and tell her I was her Mother's Day gift.
8	is up. moooooorning!  http://plurk.com/p/su3dg
8	@adventureaddict Awesome, congrats on completing it! (I can't believe you cycled the distance to my cottage though in 1 day.  )
8	Ha, sure  hey, text me normal. 512 718 4879
8	@BarbaraNixon THAT was a GREAT AMP JOKE.. Thanks for sharing
8	sleep time  big/little lunch tomorrow at olive garden
8	@PrincessSuperC good luck C have funn!
8	Going to go kennel the dogs and then I am going to watch Goblet of Fire
8	@syedbalkhi It's ok now ! I've cleared my cache and everything is fine
8	Thanks for the concern, guys. A few stitches later, all is well. Whew.
8	now accepting maid applications.  would be nice if you'd start first thing tomorrow - would make a wonderful Mother's Day present!
8	paramore songs? one of the best! currently listening to &quot;emergency&quot;
8	Having dinner @ Rainforest Cafe with Laura.
8	My lesson is finally done for tomorrow morning. I am looking forward to speaking to the high schoolers on dating.
8	59 may be my new FAV number!!!
8	going to eat rice and fried chicken from sederhana  the padang restaurant! yummy!
8	@rowansong !!! It's fantastic!
8	@arinbjorn Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty  I hadn't tweeted for 30 some odd hours and got a little tweet happy.
8	@courseofhistory Vancouver, so classy.  #canucks
8	These days have been looking better better betterrrrrrrr.
8	@Jinxie_G yup - that's where I watch all my movies
8	Such a long day!!! So much fun though  tomorrow will be just as much.
8	@valerie2776 Quite a few. Peacocks and Oceanographer's Choice are my new favorites to play
8	Alright, so playing cards in the rain wasn't the smartest idea, and now I might be sick... but it was fun
8	@Samantha797 Yay! Tell her I said congrats
8	@Mary_R_Roberts I LOOK forward to seeing and sharing
8	More pictures! It was such a pretty day  http://tr.im/kWOD #fb
8	I think Steph will enjoy her first Mother's Day tomorrow.
8	Nighty night Twits! Tty in the morning...
8	@WildFlowerSweet lol... hell yeah!
8	&quot;Bad words are a crutch, they lead to tattoos and peircings!&quot;  Hahahaha!
8	@rjdempsey savour these moments!  #canucks
8	@Candice_Jo you'll have a drink bc the race is over...I'm telling you,it's an addiction that leads to Elvis presiding over our wedding
8	@rockndan dude... i tried the vegetarian thing and i lasted about 2 months... good luck!!! going vegan is intense!!! good move though.
8	trying to learn to tweet!!  it's all good I hope..
8	@bwmson And so very you.  You know I say it w/ nothing but love, dude.
8	Happy Mother's Day!
8	The wife gets stung by a bee and she has been acting like i big ass baby ever since and this was about 5 hours ago.  lol what a baby.
8	Relaxin after a fun day
8	Just saw Star Trek! It was AMAZING! Seriously, so good. The entire cast was excellent, Spock and Kirk especially.  I want to see it again.
8	@SRMPROMOINC lol, sounds fun
8	@ItStartsWithUs hey!  sorry for the late reply.but i do plan on posting on both facebook and twitpic.
8	what a fantastic saturday
8	had a nice time with her little sister...baby is all grown up
8	watching Justin Timberlake on SNL
8	had a fun time at the concert!  almost got a picture with Taylor Momsen, freakin next in line then she left!
8	@NicholeAudrey LOL! Ok, &quot;we&quot; will get right on that. I will let you know the verdict manana. Off to watch a movie with my lovely wife!
8	just watched yes man. bahaha. that movie is messed up
8	@mrskutcher HUGE difference in temperature from the last time you were here, huh?  Gotta love DC. lol
8	Yay got the Internet on my itouch working
8	@KimKardashian saw you today! So BEAUTIFUL!! You looked so good! Glad to see the wonderful turnout!
8	got a new prom dress
8	says she wants to be w/ marykay @ sendai right now
8	The horoscopes website I use has all changed around  I like it!
8	Love, laughter, creativity.
8	@MathewDavid iknowww! Not many people know about it tho. So I like to keep it my little secret
8	@mattmccoy Interview! 177 views! 22 away from 200!! Thanx for reading ppl!!  http://tiny.cc/GmKbT #mattmccoy
8	@Mansur_Rahal Thing about living is that there are always undeveloped pictures in your future.
8	I sewed my shirt  and I fail at screaming v_v but I had a quesadilla!  Quesadiaas are bombbb &lt;3 I will try and scream another day! :]
8	today was boring, but i did a lot of homework. tomorrow should be amazing, i can't wait.
8	Just talked to Anthony Rapp. Face to face. !!!!!
8	@HannaHassan go to mid valley la boobs  haha! never mind la, i don't wanna go with you anyways
8	Heading downtown! Drinks and dancing!!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wdui - She's so festive aint' she hehe
8	500! updates! wooow!! haha!!
8	Having Margaritas w/ mommie...what a great combo!
8	I'm going to go check out DJ Volt.
8	Goin to drive-in movie for the first time
8	@JenAlaniz Don't worry you will have Ava to distract you on the flight
8	recovering from being sick ... anyone want to bring me soup?
8	played okami for 14 hours today
8	Just spent the evening at a gala for her high school drama company's 20th anniversary. Lots of memories
8	Popping out to see SAMSON AND DELILAH this arvo, hear it is good
8	lol...my neighbors must think im nuts...for #canucks
8	Instead of telling God how big my problems are, I like telling my problems how big God is!  http://bit.ly/5ofzj
8	@Custardcuppcake how is Aussie...im hopin to be there in Sydney in less than a week just got my VISA on thursday whoot whoot
8	@selin162 SELIN-It-To-the-Highest-Bidder!! HEYYYYY MAMA!
8	Nearly finished Angels and Demons, awesome book, feel so lame for only reading it now
8	so ready for dc tomorrow, photo trippin'
8	@courrtneyyy Thank you so much  Me neitherrrr!
8	@DonyaMaries oh absolutely!  I cant wait for the lettuces to come up.
8	@dzaniff I was searching for interesting people on twitter then i found yours and the link of your blog was posted on your profile.
8	@Ms_Nigeria oh yeah I know  We met when I was taking out the trash, hhaha
8	@JohnnyDeppNews  back in a few .. i will make u a lil something
8	@otoole4info Check out my latest FB post.  (Things I want to happen). I don't think you can miss it.
8	@ms_hypnotic oh thanx, just when i thought ilost it, iappreciate it
8	http://twitpic.com/4we51 - summer is here.
8	@karinphillips it's because you're popular
8	Be sure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   Almost Mother's Day.
8	@dimples_03 He'll know Tupac lyrics too!
8	@howie_d Wish Leigh a Happy Mother's Day for me! It's midnight in NY
8	Multiply's getting boring :| I wish Reichelle has twitter. @isaofoz, convince recruit herr, will ya?
8	@JoannePeh jia you !
8	@mkeguy69 thank you  have a great weekend
8	@nmogha9 Thank you so much
8	@AnoopDoggDesai i haven't watch it yet... but it seems like a cool movie.. anyway happy watching...rate it after u go watched it yea..
8	long weekend. thank god i can sleep in on monday
8	super excited
8	Who thinks I should start doing iPhone App Development business? @ reply to win an EasyWriter Pro code!
8	Ok that mother fucking duet was hysterical LOL
8	Aight, pau au'au... Heading to the Blaisdell Arena for the Ladies of the 80's concert!!! CheeHee... Awwrrite!!!
8	LOL. THX WHIT!!!
8	off to a place where i dream...maybe i ll see you there!?!   sweet dreams, all!
8	@harrislacewell thanks so much for that!  i will most definitely pass that along to my amazing mother...
8	Looking forward to Sunday b/c the weather should be warm and sunny
8	@takinghostages ~entonces estas perdonada porque sigues a tom conrad, who we all know is made of awesome
8	Classic JT for a Saturday evening  http://bit.ly/LrzJr
8	@ShaylaSenzafine haha..yeah..10th of May..lol..im greeting in advance! haha
8	Watching Ace of Cakes: LOST edition omfgggg
8	@Jgurl804 thanks!!!
8	goodnight twitter, ill see you after 10 + hours of sleep or more
8	@lizziechristine Thank you so much  Miss you toooo!
8	@rebogard READY!!!!!  ... I've heard Bobo probobly 100 times , also BoboByeBye!!
8	@angienewton You mean set up to start using? just jump in! Use the # sign with whatever word you want to use
8	@emilyorshan hahaha i have a bob marley one
8	@MsEsquire hmm, interesting... i think im on the way to that club too
8	I like this bride's sense of humor, she wore this wedding gown once...by accident!  http://bit.ly/Tnshf
8	wants to greet all the mom's out there a Happy Mothers Day!!! May you enjoy your day!!
8	@BaybeehDoll No u miss me !!!!! LOL
8	@schmiss re: Edwards I hope so!
8	Happy Mother's Day to all to all the wonderful moms out there.  -Matalatine
8	getting off for the night, in such a great mood!
8	@rockonrebelchld Happy mother's day to you as well!  Have a good one!
8	you got my vote hottest guy of the yearrrr @thomasfiss
8	best part of that movie was that kirk was a total babe
8	I hope my mom enjoys her Mother's Day gift
8	@PHILIPGRANGER hey Phillll! Wazzuppppp?!
8	ang payat ko na, yes! hoping to go down to my Melbourne weight from last year  http://plurk.com/p/su622
8	http://twitpic.com/4wehl - graduation pic
8	@4everBrandy nice capture
8	Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  My mom is getting a special gift from me today
8	@AmbersAlerts lol i'll have to look on youtube later  thanks
8	2night- dance parties, fun times, &amp; awkward situations  highlight- driving w/ nims and annie listening to satellite windows downnnn
8	I've mastered the Spongebob
8	@autumngirl82 hopefully I'll get to see HTB next week and LA really soon!! Can't wait!!!
8	@tncc24 - so sweet  why aren't you out livin' it up this saturday night?
8	enjoying this whole relaxation thing
8	Saw the new Star Trek movie the other day. I strongly recommend it!
8	Had a great day with the moms and sis  really makes ya appreciate those days
8	back home with my puppyy
8	@slinkawoogie I'm so honored to hear my name on a Breezy track  hope u liked my shit! #drunk_bowling
8	pretty tired after a nice full day.
8	&quot;how do you like them apples&quot; is from the movie Rio Bravo. Good Will Hunting make a lot more sense now.
8	@sharonhayes #twappy http://bit.ly/D9qVk
8	@tiny1877 Oh no! I guess I'm officially a big nerd now. I heard the movie is great even if you don't like Trek... and I do
8	@JessicaCorban stellar! You 2 look great
8	Working on the store's Facebook group, getting ready to relax and play some 360. I'm thinking Mercenaries 2 tonight; Me likey explosions
8	Falling asleep while listening to James Taylor
8	@msulatbuku LOL! Glad you like it!
8	watching ace of cakes  its suwweeeeet they use alot of fondont or howeva ya spell it.(:
8	@FlipFlopsChels Yes, I would love some more cowbell!
8	@vanessavaldeezy i'll go to the movies with you
8	Can't wait for tomorrow ! It's finally over ! Bittersweet for sure
8	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYYYY!!!
8	Going out to down town with a friend, long time haven't seen him...OKOK.. i am feeling fresh again
8	Time to put the weapons on the charger for the night.  Sleep tight
8	@greenpolkadot99 u go to profile then ill help u from there cause ur right next to me!!! he he he
8	@loadedman look at my background that's how I want my future date to be like  (well if I ever get him).
8	WGN is playing old episodes of Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle. Fractured Fairy Tales for the win
8	thanks mom, we love you too.
8	Haha. Lacey just shutdown the livestream. Party time
8	@EPLisa diapers??  Feeding?  Cooking?  I don't do any of that stuff!!!  Hahaha... yeah, right!  Sounds like a normal day for me.
8	Downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory!!!
8	Crabs are amazing...well as long as they're not in your pants.
8	Gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  Finally!! =D lol
8	just ran through the rain
8	@clairezee86 fo sho, im down
8	@QUEENCHINAB He seemed all happy about it
8	Cannot wait to get all dolled up and go out tonight
8	Took the dog to the off-leash park today. He overheated then ran and laid in the only mud puddle there and splashed around. Was amusing
8	thelma &amp; louise, Good movie.
8	Watching fireworks off the Bay bridge.
8	@HarleyPlays you and @dezzy88 are both baitersss  hope tonight is fun!
8	Congratulations Mr. Jay-el and Mrs. Maricar Chu! Wish you all the best in the world!
8	@aimeesays aww i hope it does fly by because JT episodes are usually really good (and it's early but so far this ep hassn't disappointed)
8	@xVOJOx It's kind of like your birthday is 3-days long!
8	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers!
8	Swiped the last package of fruit snacks! Hell yeah. Finished Catch-22. What shall I read next?!? I'm such a nerd
8	@Mj69Catz thanks  let me know which print from my gallery you would like, and we can work the details out
8	Goodnight  PS- thanks for jailbreaking my iPod, stacie &lt;3
8	@JJLola Thanxx for following me
8	making my mom a mothers day card
8	@Krystania thanks.mine wasn't too bad. Made a card for my mom, had a nice nap, finished some work, wrote bills, I have a surprise for you
8	@jpblogger Nothing like &quot;RocknRolla&quot; which is another good film with rock in the title
8	I'm really happy...and drunk  but really happy
8	Just got home from a wonderful day with my family!!  I had so much fun today.
8	@Cohoons_World LOL! poor cubbies! brewers on a roll?? my rangers lost, but my Leafs won!
8	My dad knows i got drunk today. And i didnt get in trouble.
8	@WAVELORD @dari_tariq @lollipopvomit thank you
8	gahh. my freaking lip ring is going to be the death of me. it never cooraperates with me. and im over it now jack haha;
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES
8	happy mothers day. ekin sayang mak!!!
8	Fuzzball is more fun than Mother's Day  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
8	chatting with some of my old classmates, hellyeah fun but we have some of very weird conversation haha. @dyankaaa hello? bbm lo error ya?
8	@kluless65 I am doing fantastic JJJ!  You? Doing your questions already? teacher's pet!!
8	@A77boy i.m with u on the internet surfing part lol but we.re drinking
8	@Chocolatito ahhh!! haha ... thanks for clarifying
8	Just got a bunch of presents in the mail from my mama! So excited to open them on my birthday... 3 more days!
8	just got back from cheescake factory boy oh boy are my guts stuffed
8	@MichaelNi Ooh, I love sweet potato fries! We should definitely go.
8	just met Sarah Kelly... wow... she is an amazing woman of God!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch
8	Very content with my life at the moment
8	A little happy for the wine jeje ok it'sm my free time so who cares, jaja i love this day
8	@misscruisette Glad you like!
8	@joannarobbins You are 'spot on'...I wouldn't tweet without it!! Thanks for your share tonight.
8	@casndra okayy mail me thenn  Lol im hyperrr too much candy &amp;&amp; Jello x]
8	@Desert_Paradise Hi Dale, your welcome man! Hope ur weekend is going well. I think I would enjoy your Desert Paradise! fun, fun, fun!
8	Had a good day 2day!  off to bed. Nite tweeps.
8	@MsNessa thats howya pose ta do get cake  (twitpic)
8	hungraaaaaaaaay. i'll just eat. don't go away Twitter! @whatchandrasaid LUNCH.
8	@PrinceJamir thanks for the follow bro!
8	@james_a_michael CUTE  thanks for sharing! AND PLEASE Direct Message ME before you go to bed James ;) ;) you know you want to!
8	Roxy was right. This palmade stuffs pretty cool
8	Singstar  after stupid downloads finish ;(
8	Hi this is http://gayorbispace.com We hope everybody is having a safe &amp; fun weekend
8	@RiotGirl14 Sounds Fun!
8	Thanks Synn!
8	@AceArtemis7 well nothing. I can give you a pen.
8	long, fun day  now for some relaxation. some TV with the mom, then sleeeep
8	@kricket_rc234 good morning sushine!
8	Busssssss with everyone!  yayyy!!!!!!!
8	Just got home from dinner with my mommy and my new grandma. I'd rather be in Hollywood right now
8	Art show at dee's place!! Woohoooo.
8	just saw ghosts of girlfriends past with my bf, that movie was so predictable but so funny! i loved it
8	@skotot Oh, that said, the sellout was a fluke. It turns out the projector was broken.   I still think the film is bloody good times, tho.
8	Fun webcamming with caroooo
8	i had a dream last night, and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wff3 - Got these pretty sweet stickers from @refyousuck
8	@bbelle_ yeah, just knew him because of your link  HE'S COMPLETELY AMAZING AND HE SINGS PHANTOM!
8	I am soo happy! Thank you baby for the best 1095 days of my life
8	@barnaby3 I saw them a few on this tour a few months ago in Boston. So good! Glad you finally got to see them
8	@oliviathiem thank you. We had a blast
8	Good show, sleepytime. Goodnight moon
8	tiiiiiiired! Going to bed! Drinking leads to making out with boys, who you later forget their names.... Don't drink kids. Goodnight
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ME
8	Korean music festival &lt;33 i miss you ): Hahaha sexy time ! (: &lt;3 Can't wait till SHINee ! LOL !
8	@JonathanRKnight awww thanks Jon! My 9yr old told me I was to sleep in, while they all clean the house.. best mom's day present ever!
8	love it when jonas brothers are in the trending topics. maybe taylors turn next
8	exhausted, sore and sunburnt. but I'm really happy
8	Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow Montreal Blockheads who are moms  I'll join the club...one day! LOL
8	@alwayswyser Good night.
8	Just starting integrating Twitter with Forexforums.org ... looks like a great partnership!  I welcome all to our chat room tomorow all day
8	Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there
8	Finishing this giraffe, then getting some sleep. Super excited about tomorrow!
8	@kelsie_marie1 hey beautiful whats up?
8	thinks the world would be a better place...with more cowbell.
8	@tpaulding // your FACE is stupid.   thanks... i miss you too. HA!
8	@arielm27 Happy happy birthday
8	@ocell great to hear you saw Slumdog Millionaire! And yes, that's a Bollywood thing at the end
8	@shufflebite im gunna juhs so its another way to talk ta yu  &lt;3
8	craving a king sized snickers
8	Tomorrow is Mother's Day! What did you get for your moms?! If you don't have a gift, just tell her that you love her.
8	@IlanRubin Freaking awesome job tonight! You seem to really be having a lot of fun. I have some pictures I wanna send you..
8	@barrysma NEW motorcycle and you POPPED a cable already? wow-you ride HARD!
8	@kellimiura I'll save the celebration until it's sent to my professor. I am proud that I wrote a 15 page paper though
8	@janetleejohnson A rare treat b/c we're rarely ap and at 'em that early!  But we may make opening bell at the PDX Farmers Mkt a new goal.
8	Come an add, new twitter.  Only for fans.
8	@yfeandipoo I'm sooooo excited to see you also love.....let the craziness begin  7 daysssssss YAHOOOO
8	Went to friend's house to watch some good old season 1 episodes of Supernatural &lt;3 Damn I love this show soo fucking much
8	@ssnape Yes, though perhaps I wasn't thinking. I like vague. It seems a popper term for you.
8	@Gilamuffin Sounds like a good time, very nice of you.  Did you see him, when he played at the Rio or Aladdin? I've seen him live, 3 times
8	That's it. I'm hooked.
8	@BoyceAvenue hey guys it's leann. . i dont know if you remember me but i just wanted to say that i'm very excited to see you guys go far
8	Snoops uncle who was the COOLEST dancer EVER!!!!!!  http://twitpic.com/4wfqn
8	@AboveAllFabric wow! you've been tweeting all night!! looks like you totally made up for the day
8	is ur boyfriend better than mine? hell no!
8	@robdyrdek my husband wears the same shirt all the time, think you can send some of that this way??
8	@ChesterBaker Really laughing out loud! Seeing a limo in front of MacDonalds is just to funny!
8	saturday night live is amazing &amp; makes me laff lalala  i will always love this show  timberlake's sketches are always funny &lt;3
8	Beautiful day  Northwest River Park for Mother's Day then movie night. Church tomorrow is going to be insane! I can't wait
8	and it's my birthday tomorrow. Everything worked fine w/that in the end Convinced her not 2 invite ppl she didn't know
8	Watched The Rescuers Down Under with Dru and ate Mickey d's. This is how Disney sequels *should* be done
8	@traceym75 Thanks! I will tell her my friends on Twitter say so.
8	@CARAciao haha :S i started yesterday my dad helped me so much!!!
8	@LaniNicole Yeh yeh. I would switch to Cingular, but I have more friends on T-Mobile. Free minutes, yo.
8	@iamchrisc haha  cute. ps thanks for the reply made my day haha
8	Star trek was SOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Spock and Kirk were hillarious!!!  Im seeing it again. sooon.
8	Home finally! Im soooo tired and kinda lonely now, blah but w.e I'll cuddle in some blankets and watch a movie by myself  sounds good. Lol
8	trying to figure this twitter thing out!   I'm quite excited about it
8	@stefanie504 She must have a very adwancrd sense of humor!  That's funny
8	Barack Obama is a legend, just watched his dinner speach, it was pretty funny
8	@m1dnightc1ty I do too!! Sounds interesting
8	@melgreco thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
8	@ticketranaway It's not sad. To tweet is to twitter, not someone misspronouncing a word kto make it fit a card.  I would have tweeted it.
8	playing 20 questions with Chris
8	@danielradcliffe Sunday and Mother's day!
8	Looking forward for orange juice and fried eggs and cinnamon rolls tomorrow morning!!
8	had a great night with friends
8	@MissJia  Word. Yayy twitter after dark lol.
8	Baking experiment results: delicious, very sweet, very rich.  Almost too sweet.
8	@JonathanRKnight awww such a sweetie. hope your mom has a wonderful mother's day too
8	@mahhsaayyy haha! well im glad i made you feel better in your time of struggle
8	Sturday night live
8	@JonathanRKnight you &amp; chicken soup &amp; I'll be good!
8	@chelsealitalien but you always have lee. Let's go to Paris
8	wow i'm tired... going to bed, GOOD NIGHT
8	@LKnerl yes we must I had so much fun at SXSW with you guys  PJ party in my room
8	Done studying bout the earth
8	@CloverandBee YEA!! Way to go! Super excited for a great Midwest resource!!! Midwest pride!
8	My laptop was being an idiot. Its back to normal now
8	@kellykleinwi okay, thanks!
8	Watching SNL. Awhh, Chris Pine is a cutieee
8	TodaY was better. My Panda can eally cheer me up. I dont know, I am Happy, Like the legit happy.
8	Ok all have hit the point of relaxation.. heading to bed  sleep well and Happy Mother's day to all you Moms out there!! Night
8	@bunnyrenee thank you
8	May 10 is Human Kindness Day.
8	@Werby76 oh suuuuuuuure...rub it in why don't ya!!!!!!!!! LOL Enjoy!
8	Just finished down loading AIM6.9 and guess what! I can get updates from Twitter on it!  Message me at: i am katie arttt
8	fun fun night  miss you. night tweets
8	Just Another Mobile Monday is back online. There's two days I'll never get back.     http://tinyurl.com/ra48ye (via @justamonday)
8	Fun is being had.
8	I think I would be a good radio dj...I like awesome music and I have a great personality!!!!  ;) !!!   !!!
8	making german apple slice  nom nom nom
8	Just back from bingo w/family -- I won over $1100! Fun night
8	@__Greer__ Hey Greer! I'm Marco! It's nice to talk with a fellow actor(ress) haha
8	9:30pm and this grandma is going to sleep.  20ish Mother's Day reservations tomorrow...
8	Thank god for Starbucks
8	@GoodNightIrene Thanks lady!!
8	@Clara_miss my best friend won tickets to see them from kiis fm!
8	@MISS_OTTAWA have fun!
8	@katyperry the good life!!! - under a honeymoon
8	totally the best part of my day was studying with @beccahicklen  haha ok now i'm really leaving holly's and i'll be there shortly! peace!
8	Working on our baseball fundraiser  Get 10% percent off Platium or Diamond wedding package if you let us know you saw us on Twitter!
8	@abiFACE thanks for havin us overrr!
8	@JonathanRKnight hey babe, happy to hear from you again on twitter  the today show was AMAZING!!
8	I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep
8	@Turrislove09 but i realllllllly want to. llike im really starting to hate PA. btw, i just messaged the great one known as dylan
8	Painting is hard work. Very tired. But satisfying to see God's house getting prettier.  And I like the yellow of Tim's room.
8	Prolly going to Jamba Juice in thirty minutes , shop for awhile then hit the airport and see my daddddd.
8	Choir banquet was more than I could've ever dreamed.   I'm so happy! Now after party at Lauren's!!!
8	@jessiemona mama the boys gon be sweating her hard in Pre K  lol muah
8	is about to Camp Rock with @meltrev &amp; daddy  YAY!
8	fireworks @ KBOOM concert... second best I've ever seen...preceded only by last year's show 2008 &lt;sigh&gt;
8	@brotallybeh dude, was that you in the new Star Trek Burger King commercial? Bud Light AND Burger King? So proud of u man.
8	@CompanyWoman haha i have 2 ask, are you 2 as beautiful as ur voices? curse u super cool beautiful women who are likely unavailable! lol
8	@whiteangle We held out, Japanese people were making origami animals for Darcy   Had a great time, amazing place!
8	maybe he could drill a hole in me?  LOL    OH SNAP!  (sorry couldn't resist)
8	Ok, 4 Star Trek fans have given the new movie good reviews  getting very excited!!!
8	Think i'm going to go down to the lobby in a while to get either Starbucks or.. perhaps some ice cream
8	mhmm idk i thought of just showing up and freaking ppl out hehe...but yeah i TOTALLY understand if it is just for u guys  VN sounds cool!!
8	Will be going to Indiana Baptist Sunday, Pray for summer missionaries...
8	@LeEyecandy hahaha. I think you're pretty far from me. Maybe next time though
8	@gemstwin Granny, Linda will be happy.
8	@aramos82 yes! the pool opened this weekend
8	thinks castles are fun
8	@MsKnitSox thanks amy, its full of hotness
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS!!!!!!!!!!!!
8	wooo...my luck is done
8	Drinks &amp;&amp; din w/ Amy and Lori
8	needs to escape from this town. getting ready. seeyuhhh.
8	Welcome aboard to 5 new followers  Thanks, I'm honored.
8	@lo_ferrigno YES!! YOU FTW!!!!! LMAO i wasnt watching
8	had an awsome salad! I recommend getting the Spicey buffalo chicken salad!
8	@TheWayIRoll HIII!!!!  i've missed you  just bored....what about u?
8	@neeliemoo thats why im such an asshole
8	omgoodness FINALLY back from dinner with the fam bam!
8	NITE PEOPLES!!!!!
8	Today is not lost
8	@Jonasbrothers It is absolutely incredible. It's official: My FAVORITE JONAS is FRANKIE. He is the man
8	another fun night!!  chilled wit my homie @ green turtle n the park....good times...good times.
8	@remzology it was amazing but due to time constraints could only visit the meadows and pine forest. Shall post images later.
8	@jark turn them off, you can still go 100% aero free.
8	I had a GREAT night with Justine and the boys and all the westconn people I met tonight haha
8	@oheather78 Sweet! I'm a Jaycee one-letter-er I think. Just D!
8	@AlexAllTimeLow ohh snapp, have fun
8	@littlemissgina I beat you to the punch!  #stickam
8	@Merlene Cool! You're in the 5-figure-Tweeter Club.
8	@HilHolla have fun on flashy fed hill..im sure you're imported cheeto eating ass will fit in lol
8	@freshalina @itsmeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single....!  &quot;Why R U&quot; ...I'm sooo excited!
8	@kimberlynicole Yay!!! I'm so happy you got to meet her!
8	@WeddingTresses what fun are you speaking of?
8	@jefferycjordan Sounds good to me!  Taylor + Kellie on tour together is just pure genious!
8	im determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me
8	@XKirstyxo haha  I love Dnt Regret It Now with Tyga &lt;3 But just randomly, DeLeon sings on Tifanny Blews! Haha like one line.. XD
8	@ultraviolet10 the only thing I know about star trek is the joke from tina fey's twitter, &quot;may the 4th be with you&quot;
8	What a great night.
8	@J14magazine HaHa i Forgot...It'll Probably Be On Youtube...So I'll Watch It Later
8	http://twitpic.com/4wgoi - At bus boys and poets ordering medici and white chocolate banana bread pudding @kspidel!!
8	I love my job. getting some REAL sleep. Icing the birthday cake in the morning!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wgoq - The Beach was phenomenal 2day
8	@totallyapple Here, have fun with this: http://bit.ly/PlNm4
8	#snl...you've gotten better  keep it up
8	just got home from all states honors choir, the 9 hour drive payed off, it was amazinggggg!
8	@KatieKatPink it's not a test to find cancer, it's just some stuff in regards to; in this case, positive results would be a good thing
8	Just thinking that it will all pay off in the end.
8	I am off to bed now....my family has a wonderful day planned for me today      Happy Mother's Day
8	@Ethan2Rock Thanks for the heads up, Ethan. Watching it now
8	@clighty Invite them to your house instead
8	ah! i almost missed snl. thanks twitterfriends
8	@TheQuietOne35 so it went well.  Andrea
8	I'm going to try &amp; get some sleep. I got work mostly all day &amp; I'm training for bakery also. Glammyyy crocker on deck. Lmao. Text or call
8	going to bed.   goodnight
8	@having hot cuppa coffee made with milk &amp; fortified with Monin's Irish Coffee syrup! Bliss!
8	@daftlikejack it seems totally awesome to me! you know, two real reasons for celebrating.
8	@_catchfire Happy Birthday Chip's sister
8	Mm. Goodnight. Going to play Rock Band 2 'til it's time to watch SNL with Justin Timberlake.
8	great day/night with my gabberss
8	@mr_shiny Thanks for the heads-up. You're an hour ahead of me here.
8	@mikeprasad noticed that yesterday too...i'm actually really happy about that  #StarTrek
8	@jennettemccurdy WILL DO!! (of will did?? lol ) great episode
8	@iamdakota oh cool you're gonna be in van ? thats cool i live in victoria. well ur pree awesome girl
8	@karlixpaz Hmm... it's a miracle you're using twitter, and it's fun... so... Tweet!
8	@anyamarina that was funny! LOVED IT! I almost fell for it. Haha
8	@flomingo that sounds cool! post video!!
8	@AlohaZen do u hav a garden? bunny probs r decidedly uncool.   thanks 4d link!
8	So much news on more Android based devices - especially on T-Mobile. I'm all giddy and can't wait  (starts saving up) #android #tmobile
8	@Warmnfuzzy Re-direct that energy into creating men's jewelry.    And frequent walks too.
8	@djskee not there but wish I were
8	@mahnameisjerik0 THANK YOU
8	@stellery Thanks!  Got tired of bleaching it. The, um, bangs there... yeah they are actually a bit purple &gt;_&gt; oopsie.
8	Subway always tastes better when some-one else pays for it  http://tinyurl.com/re5s5h
8	writing a song
8	@Nora_78 Elaine's my online mommy too. She gives good advice.
8	I am back from the best party ever
8	@promisetangeman you are such a beautiful bride! you're gonna love the married life. it absolutely rocks! congrats to you both.
8	@alterna180 i sorry sweetpea... almost over with!
8	Sunday morning
8	happy mother's day!
8	on my way home from ny...then sleeping
8	@AKGovSarahPalin would love a slice of summer from Piper's lemonade stand! do you think i could have a jump on her trampoline too?
8	http://twitpic.com/4wh0o - My mommys gummy mothers day posterrr!
8	just got home from the City Lights show  yeahhh!
8	Didn't meet Rosie O Donnell but it was still a fun night
8	@ConcreteLoop @RapUp @itsmeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single....!  &quot;Why R U&quot; ...I'm sooo excited!
8	Yup, I'm pretty sure summer could not have started off any better than the one this year
8	@ninjen Really enjoying Drown in My Own Tears
8	wants @jubliantJO to come back online so that he can talk about all the gossip and horrible things which transpired today.
8	@SEPIS haha...it the booomb
8	Had an awesome pedicure today!!
8	@MrCartersNurse  congratulations for your mom for tomorrow ! buenas noches
8	@DawnRichard Let's go!
8	@HeatherNKOTBFan Knight...sweet dreams.
8	@xVOJOx It's kind of like learning as you go...the blog thing, and Twitter, too!
8	@angelbear7 Getting back online, now. Just shifting locations!
8	just got out of the pool!!   so fun..now gonna watch tv and do stuff on the computer. (:
8	Happy mama's day to all the mamas.
8	@beccamorte Oooh, neat!  Yes, SF has such good food.  Again, so jealous of all you SF people.
8	btw. ear is getting better! its about time! finally - i say goodnight twitter world, (even though y'all are already asleep). xoxo
8	Congratulation's to phil packer on completing the london marathon  x a shining example to us all x
8	@AllanGoesDMB I listen to it alot at work.  Damn good show!
8	finally got my own set of keys for the store. how should i celebrate?
8	Happy Mother's Day.. To All The MommiiEs Owt Theaa... &amp; ii Think ii Got Thaa Hang Of ThiiS ThiiNg.. Yay!!!
8	live long and prosper !  lol star trek was the best!
8	http://twitpic.com/4whaf Tonight's art show was a success.
8	happy happy joy joy    is that good enough for you
8	is wishing good night everybody
8	Birthday was awesome!On video:my daughter opening last gift screaming in joy, &quot;My  Birthday Wish Came True !!&quot;couldn't have been better.
8	@TinaS71 It was fun meeting you too Tina!  We'll definitely do it again soon.
8	feeling nice... got a big ass smile on my face for no reason  @mralister take my ass to sleep right? lol
8	Goodnight. Actually, great night. Seeing Daniel tomorrow!
8	@Jesse_Attack thanks dude!
8	I miss @lavren cant wait until June for HIL HANGZ~ Tonight was sososo good
8	I forgot I set my iTunes to display by play count last night. I didn't understand why Taylor Swift was in front of Belinda. Haha.
8	Roommate gone. All of Moyer away at the Ball. I'm definitely going to be naked for the next 11 hours
8	happy motherss dayyyy  so my sister decided to make lunch...hmph. but i decorated the house !  andd then i danced and sang hahaa
8	@AlexAllTimeLow Happy Mother's Day hahaha
8	I'm not going to lie, I'm loving the Ace of Cakes  wooop! LOST!
8	Just finished watching the last of Star Wars
8	happpppy mothers day
8	@AClockworkToad awww! thats sweet TTT!  Im sure she will love it! your a good son!
8	finally, holiday.
8	@dbgrady lol that was a great movie
8	Time for me to go to sleep! It's almost 1am. Night everyone! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
8	@imsomiami86 i been coolin and shit ya know me
8	@hokutokonishi which means you're just going to have to come back to vancouver and have it our way! hahah
8	@rachamin well thank your phone for me.
8	going to sleep. big beach day tommorow. love you guys. nite.
8	o/*\o (high five) to all of our fans! It's finally here! I'll write up a fancy news post shortly, wanted to get the mod itself out ASAP
8	@jholden23 we'll test that theory  with no right arm to strum with.  Got a feelin I'll be humming my new tunes for a while
8	@dtatusko thx. will do.  you always make me chatty! night!
8	@TXP2 hi there, nice to meet you
8	Great meeting...lunch on the patio in the sunshine...nothing more perfect  busy day...time for bed, ahhhhh
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS EXSPECIALLY MINE  LOVE YOU MOMMY
8	Had the super massive sandwich mom made last night,Ohh. It was yummy.. Btw, Happy Mother's Day mom!!
8	@DCMA_MEXICO Hey hey. No problem.
8	@xennyeh Sure, I'll be in chat in a sec   Here's the thread http://tinyurl.com/ojcf5l
8	@sydeni_f_babei best two seconds of the movie
8	chai tea then sleeeeeeep. lunch with the family tomorrow
8	@LeonceN I have it.  Hehehehe u want the torrent?
8	Thank you guts for 360 followers! It means a lot!
8	@Ginchan: AWW! Thank you honey.. Didja get mommy a daddy?
8	@StreetPaparazzi  whenever you are mama!  Let's do it
8	@RonDance **Jaw Drops** **Gasp** Whatever do u mean? I'm as sweet as pie  Allow me to re-introduce myself, I'm Coach &amp; I'm a Cancer &amp; u?
8	Taco Bell With The Tramp!Yesssssir
8	Im glad i can make sumone smile
8	hanging with amber.
8	@lovejones83 haha LOL  no one is effing cool as you, you got the Wu-Tang and P.E. t-shirts! You are gorgeous + represent at the same time
8	@JanisJ1212 haven't laughed that much in awhile
8	about to drink a hot chocolate  yummy.
8	@dearsarah420 well you can  lol
8	things are looking better and better! i think i might be quite happy
8	Just had some delicious sushi from niko niko on vermont and hollywood  mm
8	@Rick_Tarrant nice! It's mommas day
8	Throwin' down in the kitchen like I do  making Rah's illi Chili and Shalonda's Bangin Cake
8	@Boomstone Thanks and Cheers back at you.
8	overall, tonight's snl = epic win.
8	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Mom, and every Mom everywhere.  Off for a stroll at the Beaches later--hopefully...
8	@MatthewHass008 Love that she couldn't just stop with one picture! First one is priceless, but the speedo is great, too.  Kudos to mom.
8	just had a great dinner with my wonderful girlfriend.
8	@Mingo123 SUFFICATION NO BREATHING. It's okay. There'll be more. You're invited to mine, but I can't promise fun times.  *Jinx
8	@bellesouth Thanks!  Your name strikes me every time I see it, as a friend of mine uses belofsouthie as her email
8	@oschmid14 How cool is that!   Thank you so much!   luv it!
8	@ktique so see you on my birthday visit me  haha why wack Saturday ?
8	I've got Isabel now to get some food!
8	Happy Mother's day! Going to cook something, thank goodness there's tablespotting
8	Playing with my puppy
8	I love my Boogah! Can anyone contain Lebron James?  Talk about so sick
8	Tribal Cafe.  Watermelon slush.  Natalie singing.  Ashley&quot;s birthday.  Love all around
8	@TimJackson LOL I can imagine you doing that. Ken said to let you know he agreed with a gazillion percent of what was being said.
8	just got out of prom, it was fun  off too after prom text me
8	can't wait to watch the next season of heroes
8	I want cookies for breakfast! Luckily I'm an adult and can do that!
8	&quot;i hear its wonderful in california.&quot;
8	&quot;I want you in my mouth and my butthole b!tch&quot; mm jeffree rawks
8	@urban_asher better.  That wasn't one of my better summaries
8	@jimmyfallon you &amp; justin were really funny tonight on SNL!
8	Enjoyed Star Trek... More please
8	LOL OMG @MissKeriBaby replied back to me out of all ppl!! THX
8	lol! woow okay its not that big of a deal
8	happy mother's day everyone
8	Anthony's pretty wicked too.
8	@jimmyfallon Saw you on SNL with your diploma..Congrats. You must be overjoyed.   Now I am finally going to bed..NITE
8	Tired as hell...long ass weekend so far, chillin wit mi madre 2moro
8	Cleaning my roooooooooom, about to continue playing with my DSI
8	@kindlejunkie Hey! I need that book to go with my Amy Sedaris.  @cheesivore is finishing it now, you say? ;)
8	Everyone At My Place Tomorrow  Bonfire, Tofu Dogs, And Austin Powers.
8	@laurenmontonen I DIDDDD. I MET THEM AGAIN
8	Finally able to get Flight Control for my Ipod. Best game app! 123  Damn choppers lol
8	@ztnewetnorb yes yes yes lotsa fun  i cant wait. dont like make up with shaun too much in front of me tho cos ill get awkard haha
8	P9 for Danica and your team... Not a end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
8	Just watched Star Trek. A+! That was so well done. I think I'm down to see it again. Who wants to join me?
8	@dmaul53854 yus! :3 he was really nice
8	@tarynromanowich I understand  Computers are fun again!
8	Home. Tired. Phone then bed.   Good night tweeters, happy mothers day!
8	Off to bed - I have a hot date with Sudoku and maybe a chapter or two reading if I can stay awake that long. Have a great night tweeps!
8	@TaraPants Road trip to Cincy to the limb store!!!!
8	having coffee with bread. peanut butter today!
8	@WordyDirts Thanks  your my first lol
8	@Vengenz1 It was a lovely attempt at poetry!
8	Sunday my last day at apple but I won't be in. Come kick it with me at El FAROLITO 4817 mission street @ 730pm
8	watching greys anatomy and just about to take blueberry muffins out of the oven mmm yummy  finished geoggers study notes yay!!
8	@MelissaSuzanne ha I think I got like two hours of sleep last night and I have an early start tomorrow, so chillin and sleep is needed!
8	loving phuket with melai and badette. i'll be coming home soon  imiss everyone
8	@MariahCarey thanks you soo much i need this day for these five kids lol
8	ok.  i got my nails done to day an the are sweet.
8	Awake, man, i need to go to sleep, i gots to wake up early for church tomorow.
8	@Jaimie_tv LOL no girl I'm only 17! Too young for college! But yay congrats to us  where does downtown graduate at?
8	@Djsparkx lmao yeaa iight n u shuld put tha c.b flick up w. Panties on ur head .. juss a joke
8	LOVED AP Tour in Columbus, OH last night! I'm still exhausted! Goin to bed now so sweet dreams!! gnight!!
8	perkinz..  idk wat after dat tho. maybe sum SEX. lol
8	@MeredthSalenger Ur so cute..I'm a fan of Dream A Little Dream, This Kiss and appearances like in Dawson's Creek  Make more flicks!
8	P9 for Danica and your team... Not the end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
8	Rey Mysterio is so awesome
8	@princessdeleon AWESOME! It feels very fulfilling, doesn't it?  I'm gonna work on SOOOO many people over the summer! Totally excited!
8	just woke up, having coffee, listening to Music, reading RSS...Sunday feels great
8	just had an awesome Girl Scout Day at Dodger stadium with two awesome olympic athletes Joanna Hayes and Heather Bown!  And we won!
8	beach...yummy steak and catching up on 'lost' with my man...lovely day
8	When I start cloggin up my own Twitter feed, it's time for me to go to bed.. Nighty night. Be sure to go to the TweetUp and meet ME!
8	@CiaoBella50 Evening! How are you this Sat night?
8	Mom is wearing shrug I bought her 2morrow...I can't wait 2 c her n it..cute
8	@meesabythewater thank you so much
8	@LindzluvsNKOTB I'm not going on the cruise. Wish I was, but I'm just going on vacation. Thanks though
8	Come on Vancouver. Throwing stuff onto the ice? I thought you Canucks were supposed to be all polite and stuff?
8	making margaritas and about to watch Milk. Good times
8	to overcome whatever darts the enemy may try and stop you with. We've gotta stay focused tweetz!  God bless you.
8	@JonathanRKnight het there r u finished cleaning your pond? u shouldn't stay too long u will get all wrinkled up!! kidding
8	Just ordered henna! I'll be a redhead again in a few weeks.
8	About to watch the Star Trek movie
8	off to bed, I will have pics of the newly finished hat in the afternoon! yea its all done  Night yall!
8	@Dog_EaredPages Yay!  I can't wait to come in the bookstore and gets some new books
8	@em1234 hahhaha indeed  kinda like the spoon... hahaha
8	@johncmayer That widewale courduroy'll get ya everytime!
8	is drinking. Yay!
8	Landon now announces, &quot;Big poopy coming!&quot; every time. I'm just waiting for him to yell that in a store for the first time
8	@SouthPhilly_Mel thanks that was nice of u and I appreciate u
8	Ah! Just remembered some (hopefully good) news is coming (hopefully soon) from someone I know... once again may the *happydance* commence
8	i look like a horse in my sam's club card picture because i couldn't find my hair brush. hahaha possibly getting noah tomorrow
8	@NightShade10 Wooops! Meant I agree with Boomstone..trying 2 reply 2 both, LOL. Happy Mothers Day to you as well!  TTY soon!
8	Watching the Twins handle the Mariners again!! Whoo-hoo!!!  Tony http://www.trustyfotografie.com
8	@islandidea We knew what what you meant!
8	@AClockworkToad yw, it gets really hot there in the middle of the summer like 110+ but right now its perfect! and less then an hour away.
8	@QueenofSpain Good night Erin!  i wouldn't say that this is early or that you are old.
8	good times haha ily christian and mo  gonna watch dazed and confused in a while ha also my first time watching it ha im so lame
8	@facit Hahaha. No, I haven't. I think I'll reserve it for next weekend. Have some paperwork to do. Or maybe tonight!
8	that was reallly good
8	Spending QT with the hubby
8	haha so bored...but happy mothers day!
8	Going to bed! Happy mother's day for every mom here!
8	@Buchautor thanks for the follow friday
8	@ashleynewcomb Oh yeah, lots of rambly goodness. LOL You have mail.  Bed? This is early for me. ;) Probably why I'm an insomniac, huh?
8	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - LAUREN is AMAZING....well from what I see on the hills lol  Seem like a great friend to have!!
8	Such a good little Saturday. Didn't include Bed Bath and Beyond, but Borders was on the list. Can't wait for tomorrow. Good day planned
8	Playing cards with my niece.
8	we finally hit 1,000 friends! thanks!
8	hey chelsee its amiera!   &lt;ufc&gt;
8	watching &quot;Look for a Star&quot; with mom again  lub ah C hehe
8	@VancityAllie they shall win
8	Hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
8	In weho! They're are playing a lot of brit
8	@artistiquemeg wooohooo! I'm fourth row back
8	Awesome  I saw it thursday night. It is so great. 100% perfect casting.
8	Watching Twilight again  !!! &lt;3 I'm watching the Audio Commentary, it's sooo funny ;)
8	writing out mother's day cards to mom, aunts, and AMYYYY can't wait for her to be a mommy
8	i want to sleep XD !!!! but i have a song in my head that make me crazy and dont know if i write the song or not hahhaha
8	@Jasonniu thanks!!  my friends and I went and watched movies and ate chocolate chip pancakes at one of my friends' house. it was fabulous!
8	Is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam's noodles at 8@tradehub21  http://tinyurl.com/r65c68
8	I promised to update my twitter every now and then. LOL Greet your mom by simply saying YOUR HOT
8	@MollyMazy aww!  happy mother's day to you too girlie! kingston is lucky to have such a great mommy!
8	just finishing studying for LSATs and watching VH1 Soul
8	Celebrated 18,000 plays on Last.fm with Dez Moines by #tdwp http://bit.ly/GWUHX
8	This is cool!
8	Friends are gone. Sushi, movies, laughter. Just what I needed. FUN!
8	If I'm up with Brooklyn when I'm suppose to sleep in...I'll call you  @ LadyBug602
8	I received some excellent birthday presents!  Party was the usual success.
8	@scalzi Happy frickin' birthday!  Try not to be too bitter about sharing your day with your lovely wife and all other mothers out there.
8	{cont} that right their is why fake btches shouldnt mess with Real ones... ahhh I love it Real btches excite me
8	Here come the Hawks, the mighty Blackhawks!!
8	@bsaeed it was nice to meet you tonight &amp; thanks!!
8	@angelemotion yayyy for new videos by amazing people
8	@EADave HEY HEY ready to come to oklahoma?
8	@camikaos pheasant dreams, kaotic ones
8	Hangin out with some cool ass people.  http://short.to/8j3p
8	@bingofuel Why yes, we did see @CaryWilliams tonight. Delicious dinner by chef Geoff chez A-Lo/G-Mo.  Hope to see him again pre-departure
8	She has an awsome voice. Bored nothin to do i should really consider  going back to school yeah right i'd rather cry of boredom  forever
8	silly you are right here with me
8	@patricklanglois http://twitpic.com/4w52z - i bet you ate and missed the brazilian bbq  and i also bet you guys played wii (mostly bec ...
8	@Scorch_Mom Emailed you - it'll be on the porch anytime. If you come tomorrow, we'll have to miss you! Don't worry about knocking!
8	@alphonso I'm in SF right now
8	watching Season 2, episode 1 of House before bed... what a great bedtime story
8	Looking forward to having Dinner with Family and Friendsss! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there!
8	@Im_2nd aww thanks!
8	time for The Great Yakuza Horror Theatre, wish me luck
8	Its good to have an old friend at ur new job. Another good day at work. Paycheck day will be even better
8	i wanna watch tormented. it's showing on May 22
8	Is watching &quot;It takes Two&quot;.... such a classic lol
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	and goodnight, twitterland! hope all of your weekends are going great!
8	I would rather end up heart broken then have regret because i didnt take a chance
8	Ate too much vegetarian pizza for dinner! But it was so good
8	is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam's noodles at 8@tradehub21  #fb http://tinyurl.com/qnjqx2
8	JUST GOT TO LA  MISS HAWAII ALREADY! DANG
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	@jlee07 Thanks for the following and support!!!   &lt;3
8	@David_Henrie hahaha. you make me laugh.
8	Finished practicing for today. A bit tired.  http://tinyurl.com/pypof6
8	WHOA! Twilight the board game! AAAHAHA
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	whole foods, barton springs, yogurt spot &amp; the oasis = perfect day in austin.
8	Working out and watching snl
8	i'm eating cookies that have been sitting around for a week now. thanks andrea dear
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	Why am I posting so late? Just got back from seeing Star Trek. It was so awesome
8	watching a youtube vid of @jonasbrohters sing paranoid live  @njbond007 is so cute when he sings lol
8	Waiting to go to bed. Had a great weekend
8	@merabobera I wantttt!!!!!!!!
8	living it up at empire hotel...free bottle service. it ROCKS having connections
8	Looks like i can go see jeffree star afterall. I told my dad he'd hate the music &amp; he said i could go alone
8	twittering after 2 days!
8	@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts  Have you taught before?
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	Home. Should be in the bed, but I'm just super duper excited about tomorrow.
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
8	had fun at wango tangooo!
8	had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while
8	@ishaka Thanks
8	@ubernostrum I really ought to pay more attention to my phone tweets... Sure! The more moives the better.
8	@AguyfrTX I know, thx  But I'll be ok.
8	@DixonTam maybe I have a different impression. It's entirely possible
8	@officialTila yeah twitter is a lot of fun babe... especially when you've got ppl to talk to! lol &amp; that sounds Goooooood lol
8	Woo! Nachos AND ice cream  haha
8	Hey guys I'm going to create an iPhone app that's a twitter client called Tweetilicious please @reply me your thoughts!
8	@petitesuitecb Thanks my girl. True BFF!
8	That was a fun show. Grabbing a bite to eat now.
8	@MCRsavedMilife haha yes
8	@fatally_yours that's stunning!
8	oh the memories  ? http://blip.fm/~5yxd4
8	@omgbas i'm watching CQC a brazilian humor program
8	can't stop smiling  i'm in the best mood right now!!!!!
8	Enjoyed x-men w/ @dwestbrook  now it's time to rest up for this drive home...happy mother's day twit-moms!!!
8	@redonculous video tape that for me  hahaha
8	@AspaPhoto I am the same... well peer trained, peer taught, peer learning
8	Good nite everybody!  &lt;:Baby Boy:&gt;
8	@HOLLYWOODTONI. Okay kool... I might be touring all summer long but we can make it happen!
8	@AmandaGearSolid OMG! It's the famous Amanda woman person thingy!  HUGS ALL AROUND!
8	@duherica Thanks!
8	it's beach time!
8	&quot;NAPPY'S&quot; da new &quot;N&quot; word....by da way, iLove my &quot;NAPPY&quot; braids  iGot &quot;HANG-TIME&quot; homie lol
8	Just got out of the VAST show &amp; IT KICKED ASS! Just as mindblowing live as on CD. Sang my fave songs. Im n awe!
8	is excited for tonight's party of ron  http://plurk.com/p/sujth
8	aww my son gave me a purple g shock for mother's day
8	Is working out the twitter kinks
8	&quot;dream of a better world because it's coming&quot; -someone could live off of those words dude
8	@SamBennington  cool  you are here too  hi sam  how are you???
8	Aim:iloveshawniedur
8	@animeshiredane Okay, as long as you're all right.
8	@sara3isenough hahah that is hilarious!  when my b/f washes them they usually don't fit the bed anymore.  either that or they turn pink
8	good day, ya'll! happy mom's day!
8	*[ It's time for TSCC!  ]
8	just watched Star Trek.. I liked it  I'm making my mother a card and listening to some tunage, Copeland to be exact ;]
8	@Rachecullen yesh. lawl
8	Just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. I quess its always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses &amp; heels
8	@TBHA aww , its ok,we ended up getting in later than expected and didnt go...I would of called you if we were able to, ...C U N Austin,
8	@AClockworkToad I will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there, lots of palm trees.
8	there's not many things better than sleeping with my windows open
8	I'm an incredibly happy person with 100% energy. Love to dance &amp; laugh...the only thing that I know.I'm one of the most down to earth ppl
8	Curled up in bed now... going to wind down with some #G1 solitaire .   goodnight twitterland!
8	@osdawaya That's not too bad.  Good luck!
8	@caitlinpasko awesome  have you played there before?
8	today was the BEST &lt;3 eff yeah i &lt;3 @ohbabyitsashley
8	They never cease to amaze me.
8	@J0HNNYWYATT amazing tonight glad I could share it with you baby. You are my sunshine
8	@babyvtec lol - that's what hubby's are there for, to think their wives are nuts.
8	We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
8	he's here   sleep over with the MR. night peeps !
8	Cheifs beat the 'Canes 16-8! Top of the table! Wooo! ...and up go the Sky Sport Virtual Rugby points.
8	@Escape2TheStars it's ok.  I'll have reached 3,000 tweets and be in dreamland by then so have a good sleep!! talk later.
8	@_writersblock_ Yep! One drink &amp; @retrorewind block party is keeping me up
8	@Lady12s Here's some healing/sleep energy, sweetie!
8	@mileycyrus YOU GAVE A GOOD SPEECH AT THE BREAST CANCER FOR REVLON FOR WOMEN TODAY
8	This is cool  http://yfrog.com/097dfj
8	@DefyGravity81 oooooooh I KNO  EEEEEEEKKKKKKK! @coriluvthedon ROCKS!! &gt;
8	welcome to the family new pillow  im going to lay my head on you tonight!!!
8	just downed 10 live abalone sashimi with 2 bottles of sake with father-in-law.  Very happy
8	@celikins Yup, us too. Spending time with Mom, Sis and Aunt  Have A great Mothers Day!
8	Tired from work. I hate closing, eek. But all smiles today. Aloha Kitchen, yum.
8	@mateoonline I'm sure u did!!! CAN'T w8 4 2morrows shw!!! Happy Mommys day 2 me!!!
8	@nerdwriter we were close to trying all of them! SO YUMMY
8	Having bro-lights with g.Soll  CHEERS!  http://twitpic.com/4wjrs
8	@erzonline Thanx... sorry not trying to rub it in... I just get excited... been working hard to make that dream come true for awhile
8	I love ridding in this weather
8	Finally off work...long night.  Hangin with @KrispySwiggs
8	Just got home from Stacey's lovely wedding
8	@roflwolf yeah they are basically awesome
8	@stmako Yup. Most of my hacks are all for fun  Here's a quick video I made of it. I'll follow up when it's done.  http://bit.ly/3xm7D
8	@TomboyTigress thanks  sweet dreams to you too!
8	@jefebarrio it was put on by our neighborhood, so just a little one. Like 25 runners. I got 1st place, with an okay time. I was happy.
8	Is one bar two of the pub crawl... Gonn be a long night
8	my life is so exhilerating  family kingdom is such a good summer sport!!! and so is swimming in the ocean at night with kristin
8	@heycassadee One of the fake &quot;you&quot;s followed me. Haha. I so wish it would be you instead!
8	had a great day
8	@mdjensen I'm a little late but congratulations on your 1st tri, it's a great accomplishment...good night
8	@Hatz94Music We got a guy in the chat now lol.
8	@chrisgwilliams hahaha. I'm driving, so I leave roundabouts when I wake up tomorrow. Arrive proximately 5 hrs from then.  See ya tmw!
8	@whatsyourcrime ok, so I'm replying!  happy mothers day, indeed!
8	@james_a_michael Hey! thanks for another great day! I'm going to sleep now! I'll chat with you tomorrow!  Sweet dreams!
8	@jtimberlake--please do SNL every week!! i couldn't quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever
8	probably one of the best surprises ever...you really are amazing
8	@thatswhack74  haha aww hun i bet you are more creative than me
8	@RockDaMullet  thanx mang!  shes due in june 12th and yezzzir the first baby! -drummer boi
8	@Tpearson44 me toooooo! Thank u
8	Candle wax is very enjoyable.
8	I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I saw the tweet until now.
8	@SellPuts agreed  it did take me a little while to find my way on stocktwits, but once I did, I cant imagine working w/o it
8	@OkayRay thanx for the bday wishes ray
8	Goodnight everyone  Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there
8	Late night...finally home.
8	fuckkk i need sleepppppppp lol, happy mothers day mummy
8	@TravellingSales WELCOME BACK  see you tomorrow! come pick up your gift ;)
8	@boredgirl260 did he ask for your Twitter ID? Your sun sign?
8	Oh! Northern Downpour was just on the radio! I mean, not from the CD or anything. But the normal radio station! Woohoo.
8	@Cattnip lol yeah I guess you have a point
8	@amcknight30 thanks for following
8	@Dropsofreign make a prank call for me
8	sape ada paypal USD70 untuk dijual? offer me your best rate..
8	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS IN THE WORLD!!! myself included...
8	@mycaricature Keep the suggestions coming...I love the classics!
8	@jesuisnancy that's really ultra sweet
8	Don't remember installing phpMyAdmin on this dev machine but happy to type host/phpmyadmin &amp; find it there!  (didn't use xampp) #senility
8	@naidanai nai nai baby. haha i didn't know that you have twitter but oh well
8	Years ago when my neighbor told me she went to school with Sharkboy I didnt care...Too Bad, bcuz now Taylor Lautner is a little hottie!!
8	Is going to attempt to cook chunky beef &amp; mushroom pie tonight  mmm, i'm hungry already!
8	a band from Hawaii with a Sublime sound, so all you sublime haters can just move along  ? http://blip.fm/~5yy4n
8	OMJ JUSt qOt HOME fROM tHAt PARty! it'S 2:OO a.m! i'M MAN tiRED! GOODNiqHt AND HAPPY MOtHER'S DAY 2 ALL!!! tAkE CARE &amp; GOD BlESS!
8	Jeff &amp; I are looking for long lasting love! Just not with each other we both like Men
8	@jasonmitchener Yes sir...I just acquired a Master of Arts in Christian Ministry-a loooooong journey completed today...so thankful!
8	Perhaps the answers to all my questions, lie in the deep waves of the ocean. Beach trip anyone!?
8	@gKwo  it did, i didnt really watch it haha
8	made $30 tonight watching 2 little kids swim and watch a movie!!! haha i love babysitting haha
8	@tabithalynnne lmao, yep
8	I'm so proud of Dr. House for detoxing.  His Amber hallucination is evil!!
8	@JonathanRKnight awe...Thank you Jon!
8	goodnight to all
8	@jtimberlake  Thank you and Happy Mothers Day to your Mother also SNL tonight
8	Happy Mother's day to all the mom's out there in twitter-land!
8	Is FINALLY having dinner... At Nishiki Sushi!
8	@QueenofKong We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
8	had one of the greatest days ever! spent the whole day with besties &amp; celebrated installs with the friends i love oh so much  &lt;3
8	@Sondra_ i guess we will wait &amp; see..
8	@Mumbleguy We need men to give their input too so I'll fill u in on the time very soon
8	is really really ready!
8	happy mama's day ladies!  have a good day.
8	Good night all, 15 miles of trails with 7 peeks to climb in the morning, fun times ahead
8	Tell your mom Happy mother's day ok be a good child and tell her !!!
8	@TMZaol We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
8	and guess what? the second time around... it's still fucking great
8	I'm enjoying this Sunday very much. No parents. No revision. Just like any other Sunday
8	@GlobeInsurance We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
8	Hi-5 to ALL my friends and ummm thanks for the follow and enjoy the ride IF I make too many trips (I will) for u and u gotta go i get it
8	@cariocastv Stylish soap; lots of sexy people; now we just need a version dubbed in english!  Keep up the good work... Bruno
8	says 2 1/2 hours to go, uwian na. . .  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/sun82
8	@JustCierra Yep, they sang your song!
8	@angelakeen the next wk I C Drs too but maybe then? I would love it! I did go to Mac Grill.  John was not there! Thought of U!
8	@3Magpies Thanks! and to you as well!
8	Chatting with matt from mercy mercedes lol.
8	is surprising momma bear
8	Orange/Pineapple/Banana smoothie after a very long, very hard day = HEAVEN!
8	@sagetune lucky you! They are my favorite flowers ever and they only come around once a year. Wish twitter had a scratch and sniff option
8	@nathanschultze haha. that's awesome. good job
8	Logging it out. Thank you Kiana...you're something else ma! masha'Allah.
8	@icammodel thank you
8	@KOLsweetie hell yeah! Belgian beer is the bomb!!  :p
8	So nice to go into the bathroom and not hear the sound of gently running water
8	@n_k_mamma TY! Happy Mothers Day to you too! Love ya...Cel
8	my blog is now updated
8	At t.g.i fridays  With some of my favorite people ever.. We made a reservation for 20 and we have like 50 people here. Hahah
8	@epicwinmaster Thats great
8	@scottrmcgrew honey is great for your health!
8	@serenechai that's cool! i think del's going to korea same time as you! have fun!
8	Nothing exciting from me tonight....got some new toys to play with though  Happy Mother's Day Ladies
8	@diana_truong ahhh~~ is hb done or.. cause we are still hoping for an encore of SNSD  lol!!!
8	@appstoremod Mind telling me which book  cuz i was at barnes and nobles today and found 2 books that looked promising
8	is getting ready for bed. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!
8	@web20empire @copywriting Welcome to my network buddies
8	@MrsPinkyIvory Hey Pinky I ordered some stuff from that site you gave me. I got it yesterday in the mail so pretty  thanks
8	Yay, St. Mary's here I come
8	I'm so excited for Mothers Day!  This has been a big year for me &amp; Olivia, and she's finally old enough to be excited &amp; understand!
8	Yay for birthdays  sadly my voice is almost gone :/ but it was a pretty good night!
8	Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there
8	catching up on House  season finale monday!
8	Such a fun night. I needed the break. PS- I love you man is effing hilarious! Good night twitter world. Sweet dreams
8	@WCharlie I'll register the first thing I wake up tomorrow.  Looking forward to be back with the forum too!
8	is spending time with her mommy later today!
8	@Dezz_MCR  yeahh me tOo haha the mine is Mariel  i luv it! and the urs tOo =D  whats ur fav MCR song??
8	http://twitpic.com/4wk9i - I should really try a different pose some time.
8	is about to make a nice cup of tea and pop some benadryl...long day...stay positive twitterbugs...goodnight!
8	i found a ride...YES!!! liquor here i come
8	.... you are my sunshine, my only sunshine....
8	Sportsmens Warehouse finally got field points in, i can now use all my arrows.
8	@jbrigante haha. I'm on drink #2. Cheat day for me
8	@SlainwithSatan glad he's leavin' got ALL my expensv shit outta his way...did i mention glad he's leavin'? *bust empty beer bttl on head
8	@LemurToes It's pretty good, actually! A few lame episodes, but otherwise good. Give it a try!
8	BEP KILLED IT! Oh and leighton meester waved at us!
8	@mellieweena Woah... Haha... Thank you!
8	@enobytes  drank a 2003 I guess that doesnt count?
8	Is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, Alice had no wine. I proposed...we're getting married next week on May 15th 2009
8	all mom's in the world congratulations
8	@N0S4A2 wowie wooie someone updated their twitter without me having to remind you. I'm not even mad,I'm impressed.  how was the lasagna ?
8	@ChEmIcALbUlLeTs thats sweet
8	@bloodhoundgang aww that's awesome! he's a good guy
8	@CesYeuxBleu is making everything fabulous tonight
8	rap battling at second sat, now at the moviesss  haha &quot;i swim in a lake of sex&quot;- Matthew M. ( Ghosts of Girlfriends Past)
8	working on the climb season 2 episode 5!!
8	happy mothers day to all   im off to spend the day with my family
8	@nnayaj_11 thanks. enjoy the movie! i hope all is well with you te.
8	@Stacina I have no doubt, darlin'!  Just wish you could find a boy worthy is all!  You're good people!
8	@juliepilat great show
8	everything is good except that neck shot and Steve's back of the head shot!
8	@itsQ LMAO... Smh!  that one threw me off.
8	@AspaPhoto I'm glad then
8	taking mum to lunch for mothers day
8	and thanks, @rawrvee , fr. yr congratulatory gweetin'
8	@Therealseeon Birthday Sex is a great song, man.  Something different about it!  That's what ppl want!
8	@mattmercy yay! we will have to get together soon and do something
8	@officialTila who you snugglin with Tila???
8	@madlyv this is funny, we just discussed Bela Lugosi  over dinner, his apearance in Plan B from outer space &quot;best&quot; movie ever
8	@brianiwama amen to that brotha!
8	@FrankIero Thats amazing quote indeed.Btw Have a nice weekend  !
8	Wishes @kirstiealley a Happy Mother's Day!
8	Watching aliens with my boobie at craig rise house 11 early bedtime for the grown ups
8	@chriscornell Thank you!  The best to you and yours tomorrow... I hope you all have a lovely day together!!
8	@MoocherGirl i think it was more the tigers crumbling. so not surprising at all, really ... lol ...
8	Lovely night, guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
8	@Ms_Mary_Typhoid Are you coming to the wedding?  I want all of his friends to be there?    @TheDeadpool Right, sugar?
8	I just got a call from my chimp buddies, want to join the party. Loads to prepare now. Wow this is great. Cup of tea first i think. Erm
8	@MoCo love that lamp!  We're in Sydney, Australia
8	@LD2k @kampashai sitting next to magicmoment
8	@amygrant Chocolate with peanut butter. One of my favorite combonations
8	@vrowhani nope - just playing with one  i think i'm going to wait for the next iphone
8	@KristinaxB your right. im so jealous i wish i had gangsterrrr pants like your grandma
8	@w3edge congrats hey
8	Love the family feud episode with the kardashians tonight
8	Time to sign off for the night! Everyone have a great one! To all the mother's out there &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot;
8	Just got $200 of my Macbook
8	Had a long day at work. Stood home. Now sleeping to have another long day at work tomorrow &amp; happy mothers day to all mothers
8	@jhughes4 Awesome fortune cookie!  I think you really WILL go to exotic places.  Hope all is well!!!
8	@BabyvibeNancy Hi Nancy your fine (till it the baby moves!)  Just get out of the house &amp; do fun stuff early! The hardest jump was 1 to 2
8	Thank you for the advice   I'll work on that when Im not at work.
8	saw kim kardashian on robertson today, ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica, and just downloaded a lot of new songs
8	@vestacaro Did they already get the tax money from Helio for his winning of the pole position! Ha ha!!
8	@kmore Yeahhh... thx. I figured it out
8	My Sissy and I went to a Bridal Shower tonight; crazy women!!
8	I forgot to mention that I am downloading the Fightstar version of Imogen Heap's &quot;Hiide and Seek&quot;  I have about 15 versions of that song!
8	@TayloRAWR if you're watching this...I love you.&quot; I almost died. But now...SHE MEANS NOTHING!
8	@SirReigns Now that's what i like to hear!   You won't unfollow us little people on Twitter when you make it big will u?
8	Well, at least it's not as bad as I thought. Found a new website to watch movies on and I gotta say.......it's not bad, not bad at all
8	Did you know call of duty has a scenario game called &quot;Nazi zombies?&quot; it's awesome and scary at the same time
8	@SherylLoch You too!   Happy Mom's get to rule and kids have to take it day
8	@jenthegingerkid oh. em. gee. i think that might be it!!! i wonder if i can get it @ a macy's - do you know a/b shipping?  @c2s :X sorry
8	@mariapaulaa i KNOW! AHH!  so fun!
8	(@CoxRocks) Ha, the lead singer gave me a high five and i got one of their guitar pics!
8	just got home from church. The Service was good
8	@Willy9e  shouldn't I be going to sleep? Just kidding :p
8	@whoaaitskristi OMG I'M SOO EXCITED! i've been waiting for it ever since i saw the 5th one at midnight the night before!
8	@xodedexo18 Of course you can come join our sleep-over!! Can you bring me a big dill pickle?!
8	@tabbycat224 gooood we miss you!!  hope you had fun w/the in-laws haha
8	I think Destiny has officially gone crazy... hahahaha
8	@leahita Your sweetie is very lucky too!  #liberty
8	@missflipflop Night girl! Seriously want to hear stories when you can
8	@80smusicthebest I'm doing okay
8	excited to see my cousins this week.
8	@AngelIbarra You guys rocked tonight. And yes, us Tacoma kids RULE.
8	@cherrybaby2001 Glad you like it!
8	Gotta buy some onesies for my besties lol ah Yea!  at the club having a grand ol time
8	@MsNewAppearance Hey, thanx for following me, I'll follow you
8	Just signed up on Twitter! yay!
8	@alitherunner haha, sorry, it's past my bedtime
8	Selling artwork+ risk game with the boys+ startrek= just what i needed. What a good day
8	george lopez, bed, mommys day tomorrow ;)  i wish house was on Hugh Laurie, is sexay. sometimes i like way older guys.
8	but i didnt  krystal spent the night last night..i dnt think i posted that. but ya, we laughed a lot. SQUIRREL! &amp; HOUSE! new inside jokes.
8	says morning plurk  just woke up. haha http://plurk.com/p/supwp
8	@AshlieRayann Ashlie, thank you.  You made me feel a little better.
8	Getting Emilie in half an hour, should get up.... Have a nice day all! Talk later I hope
8	just received a personal email from Perez Hilton
8	Gonna give a guest lecture tomorrow @ PES Mandya on OpenGL
8	Its offically mothers day!! happy moms day!!!
8	@bigben91190 its fun though
8	@BackpackingDad Whooo Baby! Good luck
8	is singing in the rain. Cover your ears, people
8	SNL after party
8	Not quite sure what ace of cakes is or are. Gosh I'm tired. Loved bride wars. Fun night.
8	Excited for enfest yaaaay
8	@jmascia yay i found u!! i had a great time tonight!
8	@heidiheartshugs that's cool. Well if you need any more help regarding that, Google is your friend. Plenty of info on that!
8	- God i'm up early. Hayley still asleep but today is party day so i'm getting stuff ready.  x
8	my legs are soft  watching a move with my mommm short day @ workk
8	@joshcough Also it has a dense treatment of CPS and Continuation based Interpreter design, which is not there in SICP. Good to have both
8	says my new layout is so cute x) see the cuties ? hahahah  http://plurk.com/p/suqp6
8	@JaiAsh anytime  that's what Im here for *giggles*
8	Finally cleaned my bedroom. I can see the carpet again   Hurray!
8	ima go to sleep now. good night. dnt let the bed bugs bite. haha.
8	Studying like crazy in hopes of acing all of my exams!!!!!
8	@faeriegal713 Yep, finished, chocked full of spelling and grammatical errors, but I'm cleaning it up tomorrow and popping it up  hehe
8	@whitsundays lol! l love your tweets! Keep them coming
8	@divinediva1 Norwood house party haaaaaa... Yaaaaaaay (smiles)
8	watching men n blk 2, wishin all the mums happy mother's day
8	I win? You now must call
8	Well friends we just got in and it has been a long day, hope all is going good &amp; every one is happy. All our love Night nite
8	Going to Newtown soon. (Y)
8	just finished dinner - it was yummy
8	oh how i love texting my drunk friends  hahahaha
8	Limo Rides into the City for Dinner, Cruises on the Harbour, Makeovers &amp; Foot/Back Massages *yay* .. hope the fellas can get some of that
8	Chillin.. Uploadinng The Videos I Took On [MySpace].  The Showw Was Awesomme!
8	My industrial is repierced, and I made a cute little friend
8	hahaha yay emily i m cool  @emilystack
8	@lmpotter You're very welcome
8	sweet spice girls sing along w good friends
8	went on a ride to tortilla flats this morning with @wookiesgirl, a little warm, but a nice ride none the less
8	@SarrahRae HAHAH you know you loved the hannah montana movie  it was aweesome
8	@kristenstewart9 WOW, I can't believe u reached the Facebook limit for # of friends! Crazy!!
8	Twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. It is also excellent for inspiration
8	@gregxgore Make her something. Buying something is too impersonal. She's your mom!
8	iced coffee and vanilla ice cream UBER SICK MIX
8	Done at Disneyland, kid's knocked out, stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose &amp; tonic on the way up...peace
8	i'm tired but i'm in a good moood
8	Goin to bed... Finally. So sleepy! *Happy mothers day!*
8	@darkgracie nice song, where did it come from ?
8	@helloheartbreak Thanks bb.
8	wow I just had a two hour conversation with someone on omegle. it was amazing
8	@shaktijs http://twitpic.com/4wkym - Looks Yummy...I can haz smal pies pleess??
8	Going home. Hope one of you out there saw the play.
8	@whoaaitskristi OMG THAT'S AWESOME. this is the first time ever i'm not seeing it the day it comes out. Demi is taking over my day. haha
8	Happy Mothers Day! ..ok..seriously..good night
8	cannot sleep i'm SUPER DUPER DUPER excited pour la PARIS.  the love city.
8	@citycynic Sounds good to me! No more cleaning cynics orders. Haha. Good night. Talk tomorrow.
8	@nkotbworshiper me too... it goes to my phone so all night long sometimes my phone is blowing up... so nice to wake up to!
8	@JonathanRKnight Aww thanks jon that's very thoughtful...u know how to make the ladies feel special
8	break from packing. watching the office  Pam: &quot;I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it.&quot;
8	@nettagyrl Thanks, it's just too good for TV, simple as that.  #dollhouse
8	@saraeatscake made me want taco bell, damn you sara! oh well now i'm going to go change into my jammies now.
8	@NicciSnail I'll most definitely write about it! I look forward to your article on RE5 (if you do write about it) It should be fun.
8	is about to go buy his mother a mother's day gift
8	akissforjersey is amazing&lt;3 sooo soothing.
8	off to bed I go..have a great Mom's Day all you moms!
8	Pulled out the breakfast sausage for Mothers Day. Hopefully the baby sleeps in
8	@amberchase ~ We voted! You have 760 now.
8	Shopping day.. headin to central chidlom and siam
8	freedom
8	@mikexjeezxx I think I've heard of that song. I'll listen to it tomorrow.
8	@Aubergine006 I still have plenty of food left here! Thanks for coming over, I can't wait to see how the pictures came out
8	@FanInfo Absolutely! Just have a good backup for Romo for December.
8	Watched Adaptation, Interiors, and The Women (1939). All in all, good movie night. Breakfast with dad and kelley in the morning
8	Your the supporter  its totally up to you
8	Just got done turning in my pre-final project for my computer animation class. Final is due on Tues. Only 2 more classes or 6 more weeks.
8	@i420TRUE THANKUS
8	Great find @NicciSnail  http://amanita-design.net/samorost-1/
8	No matter what I ALWAYS find out the truth.
8	@HungryGirl That's too bad, the movie's really pretty good.  We weren't scared away even by the people in costume.
8	TODAY WAS SOO FUN!!  happy bday chrissy &lt;3
8	@SJSharksfan haha i agree ! i am her test dummy. i just go in and say &quot;do whatever you want&quot; and i always love it.  she is magic!
8	IT'S MOTHER'S DAY
8	What better way to spoil mum than to let her kick back and relax over a nice meal and a bottle of her favorite wine? Our wine was a red
8	just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first time ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere
8	@linnraz home for 4 months  or less. depending on how fast i get bored, hahs.
8	legs are still numb from journey to atlantis+coldness... buttt it was an awesome day
8	@JaimeMcKnight YAY!!!!   I have Mark issues, too...you'll find I have A LOT of issues.   lmao
8	Two fantastic shows in a row
8	@notlikemedicine Nice! That sounds great! Let me know when and where.
8	@wstmjonathan cool, so if you could help make that happen, &amp; make sure it happens at least once in houston, that'd be great. k? thanks.
8	I'm one tough momma. Put together a swing set for Tammy allll by myself today!  My hubby would be so proud of me. :]
8	At myhouse with the girls tonight
8	@Tidus Yes, you make me want to be a better person, think I mentioned it before, will continue to do so. I'm still EVIL tho!
8	listening to MCR, watching DVD's, chocolate hehe  awesome
8	posted a few pics of my college on my myspace www.myspace.com/katieheidie
8	@akarra if you weren't &quot;picky&quot; (=precise) i might not find you as interesting to talk to
8	@xjam13x LOL. Wow. That's good.  Haha I still can't believe it's mother's day.
8	@contrarygirl Hoooray!  I'm hooked already
8	Well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well
8	@stompthewalrus oh ok  good ... now i will jump for joy! M, you just made my day
8	What I Meant to Say: At Yardhouse, Waikiki. @lilredbow 's bday @djjmytaco @mixmasterb @mcfloppyears (she Should DJ!) &amp; some dozen others
8	juss came backk from Berkeleyy ; omg its madd fun out there  havent been out there in a minute . whassqoodd ?
8	can't wait to see 'Transformers 2'.. C'me on, Shia! Yippiee!
8	@CarnivoSpouse We Agree!! You guy rock
8	Sleeeep. Good day, nice night, comfy bed.
8	@ankita_gaba haha I think we should let the topic drop now. a quick poll would settle the matter if you don't believe me
8	Heading to XS with Nadia!! Yeee!
8	started her new job today! aaand so stoked for may long..  and billy is awesome.
8	@jameswhitaker Umm most def  We should have a fun Houston day together and then hopefully it'll turn into a Houston night... hehe
8	Just joined Twitter hehe
8	@PlayForKeeps I made my parents add u guys on the family myspace...they were impressed by the song.
8	Just got Back from the Gym Wanna chat with some new people  Lets talk! haha
8	@billbergstrom Looks like a great time!  Happy Birthday to the bd girl
8	Yay my friend Glen is here. Now i'm like this
8	playing guitar hero, waiting for Abby to text me after prom
8	6moredays.6moredays. yay.yay. taken is nearly finished  better be good
8	had a nice mother's day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i'll ever see some one again. talking to sisa.
8	@aileen2u2 and yep, you've converted me to Blip.  Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
8	The stress of recital is gone!!  It went so well  And Star Trek is my new favorite movie!!! I wish I was in space =/
8	back home in palmdale. in bed with my mommy
8	totally just got hit on by one of her bar guests! Ha ha...Yay me!
8	Huge test at the parents' house. The food is so good, but stuck to one helping, no seconds. Feels good.
8	has gone through about 6 tea bags , call me obbsessed , i say thirsty
8	@SevFletcher exercise is what u make of it. Walk, run, bike, blade, skate, surf, JUST DO IT  feels gooooooood
8	@kidthings yeah it does...i had fun today...i regret not taking that cup now...it was awesome...i must find one just like it now
8	Funtime was not a lot of fun!! But finally done with it
8	Ocean sounds cd
8	#PhpEd 5.6 running successfuly via #wine , now to get EMS running
8	@ChicagoGirl Gotcha.  My place is Atlantic side.  Better for surfing   Plus I like to be close to the crazy foreign restaurants. Mmm, FL.
8	@xxcharrrs aw anytime, boo. I realized that all I need to have some fun are you guys.  We should change our pics to the poofy hair ones!
8	HAHA! Follow john mayer..he's a pretty funny guy  I want to move to L.A .... it's so much more fun!
8	I am now Vice President of Social and Cultural Affairs at Southwestern College
8	yay new computer to fiddle about with
8	@illegalvenez Mmm, comfort junk food. That sounds good. I always preferred Wingstop
8	@souljaboytellem gimme some ! i wanna try it   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
8	@Steven_Morales I like you. I mean as a random person, because I obviously don't know you. but. we think alike
8	Happy Mothers Day
8	Yesssssssssss! A rocket to the moon is  going on warped!
8	@RM16JB haha, yeahh. im still following u tho,
8	@touringtenting I don't mind him not paying rent. I'm just over the moon at the idea of him moving out at least 12 years early
8	@RedRosePetals  God bless that oh-so-sexy rahul picture
8	@mileycyrus HI!  I'm Eunice Kyna! I'm a HUGE fan of yours! Can't wait for your next album! ;)
8	@brendanvalencia where and when is your next show? or upcoming ones? i really want to see you guys
8	@babygirlparis all ur pic it's so nice  look so cute..oh!!
8	@vampire_peter let's smoke and watched dazed and confused. that's a perfect pizza movie too
8	mum's day - ended up being happy  not that it's my day or anything....
8	ready for a day full of His presence  i'm expecting the best!
8	@ThaBoyOPhicial  Good eatin.   Hey, follow my son @P33ZY.  He's on now
8	@steve_berra happy birthday!
8	@vansunder is making me hot chocolate with almond milk.  Mother Day festivities is starting early!
8	@Kevin_Ross if you look at the js code in facebook you will notice a few js functions...nahh just kidding, a buddy told me
8	@souljaboytellem will u say shoutout to NIKKI!!! please   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
8	? ALREADY FINISHED CHATTING . HAHA ..  ?
8	@moonfrye i would think ANYTHING that the kids had a hand in helping with would be EXTRA special!
8	@SpoiledMommy thanks  it was one of those goofy in the bathroom self taken dorky shot, ha ha. Hope you have a wonderful mommies day!
8	I'm the proud aunt of baby Afrikaah Itzel 7.9 lbs 20.2 in
8	Officially Mother Day here HAPPY Mother Day to all the MOMS
8	@Corrina2008 your bitches miss you!!!!
8	happy mother's day
8	After 42 hours of not sleeping it is time for bed. Alaska-so far so good
8	awesomeness....she comes my way...lol..dun dun dun!
8	just missing you&amp;hoping to talk to you soon..I'm so happy you're mine again, though  You have no idea..&lt;3
8	cant contain myself, tooooooo excited
8	@michaelBchevre and all chevre: please follow me at @elishevabalas for chevre only   I'm using @eliseven for public tweeting!  Thanks!
8	I am excited to be home  finally a week and a weekend with people i know
8	so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked
8	@nice_argie Yes I am
8	@officialTila Thanks for the interview mama!  Enjoy your night
8	Traveling faster than light might actually be possible. (space.com http://bit.ly/7Ex4J ) yeah, enterprise we'r comin'
8	@bicegirl555 thanks!!
8	@rjramos very cool
8	Happy Mother's Day! It's gonna be an awesome and blessed day! Getting ready for bed... for a beautiful and sunny Sunday...
8	watching my favorite tv shows on HULU.com for free
8	@DarryleP LOL! I do splurge on chocolate now and then.  And I plan on splurging a little tomorrow!
8	@awesomerthanyou Memphis and RCW both have all new songs.  should be good.
8	Went to mikey's cousin's wedding. His mom caught the bouquet.
8	went OUT 4 a meet up &amp; MAY B hangin &amp; or hittin a club or bar   IF the car holds up LOL :-P
8	@MikeTattoos LOL...oh, man, can I un-twit something? haha! I mean my lean mean fighting machine. I sooo can't believe you called me out!
8	@loa_ricardo road movies indies rule  haha
8	finally got a twitter  follow me tweets &lt;3
8	@JJRogue I have an interview on tuesday so things are turning around I think!! yay! so dont worry!  And Japsicans are a rare breed. ;)
8	@steve_berra happy bday stevie bee...and if u want followers u have to get a little more tweety  may babies r the best! i'm the 12th
8	Happy Mothers Day Mum
8	Watching the best movie ever: The NeverEnding Story!  I wish my babbby was with me, though.
8	I want to wish HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my two favorite moms in the world: My own mom of course  and my sister!!! HAPPY MOM'S DAY TO YOU TWO!
8	@aileen2u2 It's pretty perfect eh! Yes We Cannabis!  I saw some of those signs at the Global Marijuana March too.
8	@cherrytreerec hows the peas doin? if you meet them, tell them i said hello
8	@Commander_Cool yep here's hoping
8	@unitechy good luck.. Finally your long time will of panvel tweetup finally coming true..
8	@ThriftyMamaB for lack of having to go do my own hunt (lol) can you refresh my memory on which one is clue #2?
8	@souljaboytellem SHOUT OUT TO NIKKI....PLEASSSEEE   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
8	Going to Scandic to have more food  (and learn about leadership of course)
8	Time to nap w/my giant, early birthday present, Pooh Bear stuffed animal
8	@serenajwilliams Hi Serena just want to say good luck in Madrid and Paris this month
8	Laughing for no reason...maybe its because its 2:27 and I'm tired, haha. Maybe i should go to bed  Night!
8	Goodnight, good morning and HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Visit my profile to see my silly offspring.Its funny, the love of my life picks his nose!
8	Exhausted to the tee.. So i'm knocking out! Nighty night tweety birds
8	@scorpfromhell Well said
8	@djR3Z okay just checking!
8	@DjSpeedDaGreat good shit homie, hahahahaha thats what im talkin about  ;)
8	@natalietran I did really like that http://tinyurl.com/c63mhr reminds  a little of my favor hfw
8	@bceband i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!!
8	// sounders game tomorrow! and mother's day
8	@hitechhall I love the site what a hoot, really enjoy the hair cuts in Thailand, always try to time ir just right, thanks for the tip
8	my phone keeps beeping at me... thanks alan and speeeeeen!
8	@veropperez great!!  i've gpt tp put the lyrics in, finsih the background, then go over some writing, and then done!!
8	@CaseLynn Not us as far as I know  hee hee. We're thinking a few more years first .
8	great reason!! @Karuna: &quot;I'll be there  @rkmonkey: &quot;trying to find an excuse to go to LA for 5/22 show @mello... ? http://blip.fm/~5z0dc
8	@michaelmagical Been crazy busy here! *grins* It's Mother's Day weekend. Lots of my abies sending me well wishes
8	@jtimberlake Yay!  SNL is on!
8	@JaybzS Hi! We get to try out new restos..so yea, it fuunn  Let's have dinner when you get back!
8	watching miss cytheria
8	GOT MY RITE EAR PEIRCED! brother got his first peircing, his left ear. I also got 2 new septum bars, one is a  black c bar with balls!
8	whohoo!  Erin just got accepted to Ottawa U nursing school at the Algonquin Pembroke campus.  I just may get my girl back
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ESPECIALLY THE TWEETER MOMS
8	Has finally learned how to think before he speaks. And it works wonders
8	Alright gang. Gotta go park with family for an hour. Back then  Mwahs to yu if you head to bed before then
8	Goodnight Beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!
8	@jwdilla I'm glad you've been having fun babe
8	Mother's Day family dinner on a rainy Sunday night
8	Heavenly Donuts at 11:30 at night...sounds like a heavenly match to me.  SIYAL8R
8	Ah wokking was great. You could eat as much ice cream as you what. I never eat so much ice cream in my life...
8	@ggw_bach Thank you for YOUR positive energy + contributions here!
8	@sirlance16  Hope ur havin fun in da club
8	I have seen Star Trek, so now you guys can't spoil it  If you haven't seen it, Go. Go now.
8	@beverly Thanks love  They are much better today.
8	is eating lunch at Sushi Tei, Sency yum! met Ghina earlier
8	i beat aye to the music hall.  babyy, im like the cinnamon that beat the apple to the apple jacks.
8	Im free at last, tomorrow I get to remember what Sundays look like
8	4 hours of shopping over... good effort. Best part = chocolate shop.... YUJM!!!... yum even
8	first day of work: sucessful  i didnt do anything stupid or hurt/embarrass myself too much...
8	Headed out at 6 today, shopped for Mother's Day gifts. I love B&amp;BWs new scents ? AND finished my book I bought yesterday.
8	Covering my portfolio to send to my *dream job* in ny! Send good vibes!
8	back in Durango. Chaperoning a party. interesting. catching up on my internet surfing and drinking a woodchuck. ha.
8	@inkrediblenyc hey Lonnie! I'll be there next weekend  I can't wait.
8	@ikonora Have a great night!
8	although @pickupshanan (Volterra) is killing it right now here in la
8	@error505 - well i greatly appreciate your comment.  That means a lot to me.  I'm working on both of them...work in progress, you know.
8	just had an orgasmic sandwich
8	home now!
8	@antdeshawn awww thank u. Feels good to be here
8	@BB517 YES he just said for 2 more hours
8	Good Morning Everyone
8	okay, I'm back to painting! will check in with you guys again soon!
8	Night all!! i'm trying to get to bed early for once...well as early as 1:40 can be for a normal person...
8	Probably the best birthday I've ever had. I got to spend it with all my favorite people.
8	@Suzyqbee10 thank you very much!!!
8	happy superwomans day !
8	SNL hosted by Justin Timberlake startssssssssssss NOW!!  WOOHOO!!
8	@journik LOL!  That is just the way I was brought up.
8	@verwon was that sass I detect?  As long as it isn't back sass! Haha
8	damn...Ive gotten so much packed up already lmao, well little shit anyway. Either way, I have a good start
8	@dmcox fantastic day in the AZ sun
8	my first 'star trek' anything was really entertaining.. now if I can just see Harold fly the enterprise to 'white castle'
8	@WaDuRosario yay! you should do it. just think about the animals and it's not as hard
8	Happy to have a Sunday off from work
8	I still can't believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is....AWESOME!
8	Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
8	is gonna shower, and take a nap...very tired...
8	family bbq today &amp; my fave cousin comes too
8	just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!
8	Show gratitude when someone does something nice for you... A small &quot;Thanks&quot; goes a long way  ~ @Mike_Wesely   #twitip
8	Going to watch Monster-In-Law at 3PM today
8	@TDBeadles as to sleeping with whom ? You have your rocking sheets  I hope the smoothness is endulging can't wait for my blankets)
8	super duber high! this klondike bar is thee business.
8	@krystynchong Hello Krystyn  have a great Mother's Day celebrations
8	KERI HILSON- SLOW DANCE ROCKIN' THE SHIT OUT OF MY PLAYLIST RIGHT NOW! GET UP ON THIS SONG, PURE PANTY DROPPER
8	@kayemeff its almost your birthday!!
8	@SamBennington  Welcome to Twitter  It's really cool that you are here! Greetings from Vienna,Austria
8	traveling alone makes i meet new people,new circle ..strangers become friends
8	Morning everyone! Hope you have a great Sunday!!
8	Fatigue settling in, but gotta power through! Awesome seats again tonight. I'm pretty lucky. Life ain't too bad...
8	@aeche We didn't...but we did have to wait a good twenty minutes for one.  Good night, though!
8	@mismile when are u gonna host Saturday night live!! i've been waiting for like 2 yearsssssss!!
8	@LucasBlack Yeah, I know! Thanks so much
8	good morning everyone
8	@lauraaaknight grr @ naplan. just finished my commerce &amp; geo exams  good luck (Y)
8	@krystynchong  E3? Nice! I wish i could go! make sure to take tons of pictures!!!
8	I got a Coach purse
8	@officialTila YES!! I wanna come hang out with my H-TOWN gurl u know whats up!! haha @MrDeNiro it'll be bangin! We gotta hang out chick
8	@erikmd you should sing out loud
8	@ashgen sounds good!! Can't wait
8	@devilsnight Hey, that's my Bug! And my martini glasses . . .
8	@LindseyMadonna I'm glad for you  I'm fine, thanks. Just another night full of M
8	@jtimberlake Hey I saw SNL 2nite&amp;I loved it!! especially the crumpin' tit-boob scene  &quot;crumpin'34 dub&quot; wow hilarious
8	Finally got Xbox Live up and running again, stupid router, ah well. Serious gaming time later on
8	@ayende LOL it's not the army it's starfleet, rules are meant to be broken to get the job done. That's why he gets the medal
8	@kevpar he was soooo great!!! loved him! He was so good live, haha it poured on us though... makes it that much better!
8	i met one of the nerdiest servers at chili's today lol... he was awesome and i was his favorite
8	@DonEads  Cool...a VERY productive day! I just got a spot as an extra in a feature film that is filming tomorrow  AWESOME week all around!
8	@jamiedelaine the wedding was amazing and I'm not gonna lie... I can't wait to see the pics either!
8	night improved.
8	@Carlkr please wear glasses in your next video!  you look amazing in them.
8	@MOAM66 I love old school horror movies more, I got Elvira tattooed on my back
8	@snakelady I'm sure she'll be fine. They're not as daft as they look (sometime)
8	Had an awesome lunch with the family &amp; now dinner with the in-laws
8	@TickleMeJoey goodnight baby loll jk night
8	finally got home and get to sleep! had a great time with @jessimon and friends!
8	@Spandexx hahahaha wtf dianne????? who twitters that lol...i guess it depends who the person is.....
8	@andyclemmensen haha well then maybe u shouldn't be so weak  hehe jks  xx
8	@cyberprvideo heard of. And you're the first to mention him to me!
8	just got home. today was fun
8	likes the smell of the roast in the oven mmmmmm must have dips and sakatas to tide me over till the roast is cooked
8	@Afrykah heyyy girl.. havent tweeted u all week. hope all is well with you
8	@maliamorgan Thanks for following!
8	Girsl night ! on my way to foam party  No sleep tonight !!
8	@philritchie Boom, and if you will, boom! Saw the movie last night - really enjoyed it
8	@DirtySteveRock I decided you should help me make my first solo album
8	All in all this has so far gone so much better than expected.sure helps to have raised a dog before and i feel im doing things right
8	heeey heeey!   about to go read...
8	Just burped at the same exact time as Steph LMFA0
8	My goodness! I go single and shit goes crazy! Haha. Fuck this. I like being single too much. I do what I want...holla!
8	@tommcfly You're welcome!  Actually, the all Swedish fans are trying to get McFly to  us! We are very close now
8	this one's for the children..the children of the world....again i say happy mommies day to all and me too
8	@tarabellejeanne awhhh It was so nice to see you.
8	@JackAllTimeLow it was fun anyway..thanks for taking pics with us last minute
8	Amost there
8	@amber_benson thanks for the message! been a fan since forever; actually met you back in '03. So glad I stumbled upon your twitter
8	@jaimedr Thanks for the recommendation
8	I wanna say happy mother's day to all the mom's including mine love u mama
8	@sashagrey since I'm reading the Twilight series and watching Underworld today, I gotta say...perfect pic for my day
8	well Sunday the weather looks great gone take my bike to visite my mom on her day
8	tonight was fun
8	@eavellan that was so much fun! the banana dessert alone is worth the trip to austin! we'll be back soon
8	first night sleeping in my new home
8	Watching videos on youtube with the bf.  Thinking about going to bed soon.
8	laundry and loud music.... relaxing
8	45 minutes until im off from work. I guess i'll go back to work in 15 minutes. It's slow today thank god for one of those days
8	@jemambrose congrats!!!  I highly doubt u'll have buyer's remorse...u've wanted that car for a while.
8	@RetroRewind it is sooo hard.... truck and fish please
8	@Chi_twnzfinest Happy birthday, sweetie. Have a great day in the best place of the word (sorry Chicago  jeje
8	my sidekick is awkward flashing. oh well. leaving my mommy out her flowers and stuff
8	@peaches5068 Happy mom's day to you too
8	Night peeps. Hope you all had a great day! Untill tomorrow.
8	Goin to bed. Goodnight everyone.
8	finally leavin tha studio.Made some really really good music! Very pleased wit tha turnout  !
8	@janine_j9 Jess just posted some hawt pics on the board J ... u should check them out...
8	T9R8AM booked. im arriving medan on 27th june. 1155hours
8	Well, it was very inspirative day. There's no room for design in todays schedule, so i'm heading to bed
8	@KellyShibari @AmberCadabra @Mollena All this flirting going on - The ATG smiles. Yay.  ((hugs))
8	PUSH was amazing
8	this thing really demands a lot of time! anyways, gotta get some breakfast and watch naruto's latest episode
8	@EricS576 Thank you! You know I really love 'BHB'
8	@Nat4daWorks hope the show is going well!  just wanted u to know that im home now.. muah!
8	New day in new home   happy mom day 2 me!
8	Six flags was awesome can't wait to go back
8	@ home with my lovey.. Busy day td.. Baby shower.. Then a wedding.. Made 2 pies.. Now bed
8	Look, everyone! I'm a bad boy! I'm ranked higher than Meghan McCain!  http://tinyurl.com/oj76mz
8	homee from wango tango, i had fun  really tired now. wrapping moms present and passing out. &lt;3
8	Won a gps at post prom
8	Bored...um...Song of the day: &quot;I caught myself by Paramore&quot; and &quot;No good deed from the musical Wicked&quot;  Oh! And Fully Alive by Flyleaf!!!
8	Finally home after a night of dinner and drinking with friends.  Going to sleep now, hoping the bed doesn't spin too much.
8	@ztnewetnorb hha yeah  like they have your heart too but weve met shaun and bradie... it seems more real ;)
8	Nungguin my Sista in law lahiran di RS Asih...kayaknya sih sore ini lahiran. Yeayy another baby girl in the family
8	@GeorgiaPrincez Like you're not enjoying the hell out if it.
8	@andrewkfromaz Thanks dear, I know this, but I appreciate the validation as always
8	@frombecca Oh yum - rhubarb. These links are fab. Thanks
8	@caatheedee maybe you should greet her for good.
8	Laying in bed with a book &amp; some beautiful music.  thank you kaki &amp; nicholas sparks.
8	@SharneseLaNier Thanks hon, doing great and yourself? Happy Mothers Day
8	@Meshel_Laurie sending love, blessings &amp; healing thoughts to you &amp; family  peace
8	feelin a bit 'dangerous'. off to watch tha vids  http://bit.ly/9X0Us
8	nice night  bed time; work from 4:30-8:45 tomorrow
8	Dancing in the rain makes of complete
8	@michaellington hahaha that made me laugh
8	@BrisbaneGirl I like tweetie better, that is what I use all the time
8	@Afrykah Happy Mothersday btw! Look at the bright side, you can chill all day today
8	@lavvocato got it. Welchs grape too please
8	@JoelMadden great song even if i can't understand lol
8	Reminiscing my old days by listening to old music.
8	time for mimi's
8	@jojowright I will bring you cases of mountain dew if you give @_Slamma_ 2 tixs to see taylor swift!
8	If someone have a friendster profy!,.just add me!,.ayt!?,.lol!,.http://bit.ly/UsPlN !
8	third date went well....moving on to fourth!!!!!!
8	@solangeknowles HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  I hope you'll have a great day today
8	Back from hospital. Doc says I'll live
8	Wango tango!!! Good night all
8	is addicted to the pet society app on facebook
8	@adnamay Yup  On to Mother's Day. Any plans for your birthday?
8	@cloud79 I thought the same thing, but felt a bit better when I saw no less than 5 other cameras there
8	no clubs...no parties...ive spent my friday and saturday night workin on music and am quit content
8	I'm Christine and I'm a friggin' shopaholic. Check out my new coat  Had to promise someone I wouldn't spend for 2 weeks after buying this
8	Goodnight fellow twitters and tj ststas
8	&quot;The weather outside is weather&quot; hahah made me feel better
8	Great day...Rode the beach cruisers into town to see Culver City Antique Car Show. Found my next bike.   http://twitpic.com/4wn71
8	@prateek_agwl Talking to whom? This 'Shah Rukh Khan' is an imposter here... LOL! BTW thanx for the follow...
8	Cum fiesta at my house in my mouth  hit me up for the password
8	@guittaraxx Trust me, that's a GOOD thing. Your 40-something self will thank you.
8	Seeing my brother graduate tomorrow. Should be fun.
8	@B_Wright THANK YOU! &quot;Return of the Mack&quot; is THE jam!
8	@Toongen before he could do it. So, so sad. You should read it
8	@filos @elliottucker thanks for the r/t, I was hoping I had some *classy* followers
8	@DawnRichard Dawwwwwwwwwwwwn, I hit u back and told u y..........so please Read it, and pray before u decide
8	is going home after an awesome time with the peeps
8	Signing off for the night. Watching &quot;The Reader&quot; and I'm sure I'll snooze off at some point. Good night all
8	it's midnight.
8	drunkfda twittering is lone of my favorite hobbies&lt;3 being drunk is my PROFESSIONNNNN
8	random night of fun  now im chillin at home.. happy mothers day!
8	my hair doesn't look completely retarded. success
8	To every mom, mommy and mother, Happy Mother's Day   Hope you all do something special and fun today.
8	@a_tall_blonde   ~~Hello~~~  and thanks for the follow.
8	@chillman2 dude... Can you really be a bachelor at this point?? Don't worry about it.
8	@pjhoody &quot;It's your birthday, so I know you wanna riiidddddeeee out!&quot; Have fun in the club
8	On her way home from prom  so fun!
8	eeehhh. my right eye's twitching. gonna go and watch Boystown. @camerontdf happy birthday!
8	Had the Best lazy/really productive day ever. So many options lay ahead of me.  My only job is prioritize them  Thank u universe. -Luv DD
8	@David_Kaufer Well, I am crossing my fingers!  We have another year so, lots of hope in my heart! We will see! Thx! G'night!
8	@BrainiacSociety have fun at the viper room tomorrow night  i know the fam out there will be in attendance to support all of yall
8	@devyra lol you always make me happy.  i promise i won't. lol its only 1 silly. you are up late too my friend
8	@Milzyxx just hanging with my bestie
8	@DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers Day! i hope tom got you something special! enjoy day!  xo
8	haha @ playing fall out boy in a bar full of older people.  they's need to be educate.
8	Mariana ~ Photography by Cassone's May 2009 Feature http://bit.ly/E2bjm  - Thanks so much
8	Michael Cera has a new movie!
8	is resting. ahhhhh. I feel good
8	Ryan Stiles is still the funniest man ever. Got some great news and some not great news tonight. So happy I could burst
8	@howie_d It's a pleassure making you both smile.  Have a nice day and you are making me smile as well being on twitter.. aahhh nice..
8	@superannuation haha i'll keep that in mind  so far, i reckon i have enough money to stop my hair greying when i retire ;D
8	@DavidArchie : Hi, i think u should try Ph? in Vietnam, it's really quite delicious
8	@HornyMe I was kiddin' with you. Shy is not a word i'd use to describe me
8	/ happy mommy's day
8	@PsychoBeauty word?? ima be there this summer....just move back with me  lol
8	yum - mother's day lunch at The Food Business in Burnside was delicious! such a gorgeous day
8	colds nearly gone, yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . . . . .double yay!
8	This is the best E-commerce site, I hope you've watched the big bang theory. http://www.pennyblossoms.com/ Please hit &quot;buy now&quot;
8	Hecks yeah. Jandy timsamlake is too rawesome!
8	listening to jubey snoring on the phone  hehe goodnight
8	@christinawrites look who I found just for you  ---&gt;  http://twitter.com/DJT2009
8	@ferrao California waiting, every little thing's gotta be just right ? Putz, adoro essa banda
8	@vimoh there are other signs too  of twitter addiction!!  Levels from 1 to 6.... LOL I am probably on level 4 ... lol
8	@ChesterBaker not so awesome now, huh? LOL
8	@ScottATaylor Other than that, you are totally bereft of faults in every way
8	Wow.... I thought we'd only be gaming for 8 hours but here I am 13 hours later seeing the last person out. &lt;_&lt; Long session, but fun.
8	I'm Still Celebrating My Bday Even Though It Was Friday
8	Recovery! The secret weapon of a Dba  glad 2 hav my files back
8	@jtimberlake Very funny Thanks
8	@Idolfanaddict haha. u can look up best week ever podcast on iTunes. it is May 1 episode  he seems more relaxed &amp; funnier than on Idol.
8	I had a super cool dream last night. @TheEllenShow asked me and @danify to be on her show. Wooowww.  *hopes it will come true* )
8	@Seicra_The_BC well, in the end, everyone's happy (most of the time)
8	Just used my last DVD-R for the Windows 7 ISO. Next batch will be Lightscribe dicsc - I want to see how that works
8	reality needs to check in. schools over. time to party  not tonight tho, im going to bed. night, night.
8	@Austra Thank you for smoking!!!!!!  viennoziimiigi
8	@BarryManilow Not been on for a while eh Barry lol.Tweet deck is like prehistoric lol
8	Just had a great study time followed by a delicious Japanese meal with Arty! Now, trying to get back into the study mood
8	Stack on deck patron and sprite on ice baby he said I can have whatever I like... Right @ajaleigh?
8	@burbleon hope your dreams don't come true
8	@LimeIce *happy to help*
8	@npyskater Thank you!
8	@cherrythegreat hay naku!!madaya ka talaga ah hehe ..hey happy mothers day to your mom nga pala  @baditz and to your mom also
8	@kerkat28 i posted it! let me know what you think? theres a really cute cut out in the back too.
8	ahhh, i FINALLY went to yogurtland.  i saved my spoon. hahaha.
8	@starreemoon yes!  Glad you're coming.
8	tried oprahs free unfried kfc and loved it  i went back for another try and topped it with boba and wolverine.Chilled with pope,dave,ben
8	joininghe bandwagon.... wheeeeeeeeeeee.
8	Watching some movie and playin on my computer.
8	@oscarrplz thanks oscc  i have been changing it up lately, and I like this layout the most &lt;33
8	Thinkin' Twitter is interesting.
8	Can't wait 4 a real bed!  haha
8	@BB517  so far surprisingly good responses. My dad offered to airbrush the old logo on the wall..but I think that might be overkill
8	@emilyjonesmusic  awww thank you
8	Just for fun: Jessica Alba weekly Twitter follower count: 35,138 (+5,468). This is starting to look like a movement.  @RealJessicaAlba
8	slept for 11 hours after an exhausting but a fun fun out of town trip. high for the day so far? woke up to good ol' fried chicken
8	@DinoLich I know! But I still want to see it
8	@GabrielSaporta @SUAREASY @NovarroNate you guys were absolutely amazing tonight, as always. thanks for always bringing the dance party.
8	@Sayshunshow Hi  how are you doing ???  *just joined twitter...*
8	@xennyeh FUCK YEAH DUDE!!! I would ask how it was, but I already fucking know!  How're you?
8	@JT_NigerianBoi thanks JT i also enjoyed it i will. r u following me? ill follow u back
8	Drivin home and listenin to 50! fucking lightweights! left me stag! bullshit!  love you though  especially you toesha  haha HA!
8	It seems like everyone us watching X-Men now, I feel like I've started a revolution  feels nice
8	PB&amp;J makes me happier than anything else in the world  I love that when I'm tired, my demands are so simply met
8	still awake.. will get some sleep i have to drive to Fortuna early.. Red Bull will guide me
8	@bethharperwalsh @TaiLi22 @thesolutions @hippiekat from g's to gents season 1
8	this one goes out to Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake...doin' their Gibb Bros show on SNL  ? http://blip.fm/~5z1vd
8	i have a whole day planned for my mom today that i know she will love!
8	for some strange reason, 'paranoid' sounds like U2. but i love them too, so it's aaaaall good.
8	Finally home  Gonna hit the hay n sleep till noon lol
8	@Scarlettx3 omg i forgot about that! you lucky thing! hope you have fun!!  x
8	@gretchenrubin I love this!!  our body should tell us how much sleep it needs, and its always good to be mindful at mealtimes
8	@glennguan your test works fine for me  tweetdeck is so cool eh?
8	@RetroRewind working out to your station - cool. Love yer music  kk back to the sweating part .....lol l8a xxx
8	@crazymadzy hahahahah!! 04 would be the chief contributors. lol.
8	@michellephant it was nice, we didn't stay long because we all got a hotel room.
8	Wooow, I haven't charged my iPod Touch all day today, and it's still ALIVE! That's so coolio
8	is getting ready for an awesome service!  - http://tweet.sg
8	@yvasquez82 Thank you sister!!
8	that was a fun bacontaco night
8	D-group Saturday's, with a little bit of football, an hour nap, 3 hours of soccer, basketball in the TSU and Yogurtland... Life's Good
8	@chachada1 Yeah im following you, Hun! Goodnight
8	spent a little too much $ at Wombat, but it's cool 'cuz it was time to take care of Tamara good.  YAY!
8	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
8	just put the brats to bed, now im chillin with noodle
8	Cultural tour 102 by loiusa's family: kangaroo sight-seeing in cemetary. Lovely
8	Ian is waiting for a very important pic
8	@TheUnclean Thanks. Busy as fuck is good in my book.
8	@sarieee thanks for finding the amusing rubiks pictures tonight. making my evening via @chrisfreeman ...
8	I have a better idea: need a couple hour of relax. bed time. Sweet dreams to everyone!  love u all
8	@gnat So what does that make a queef
8	Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/LRSnG
8	@officialTila that is my idea of good dinner  happy munchin
8	@stuntazian I still have them!! Yay! Gonna eat some now
8	@nianoelle Hey Nia! I used to be the PD at Hot 102.9 in Dayton. I met you in Cincinnati at the Wiz Christmas party. Hope all is well!
8	finally gonna get sum sleep  that concert was crazy!!! God Bless those ministers!!!
8	Now I'm off to bed - HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ALL - HAVE A GREAT ONE
8	Just got back from @LorenaJimenez 's party! Sooo much fun! Boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and I just told my mom happy mother's day
8	@smartiej Sounds lovely, hope you have a great day
8	Ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  Good to go now
8	I don't think I've ever been up this early on a Sunday in a while. Meanwhile, the #bigweekend awaits!
8	social was fun. Swam in the water in my boxers
8	Happy anniversary to @tayloredot and @hellohouston. You know whyyyy. Three years baby!!!
8	off to a date with vaahedh! -_- well...atleast its the last one
8	@shaunduke That sounds like a good compromise.
8	@LeslieCraig haha maybe someday I will be your publicist! that's what i am going to school for
8	FINALLY finished studying, 7 pages of double sided notes later... off to cook tea and dessert now. Happy Mother's Day!!
8	is thinking what song to use for the next chilled edition video!
8	I'M FEELING GREAT!
8	http://bit.ly/5e7dr  this is cool, van helden.
8	Word to all those i call mom, and there are a lot of yall.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  i love you all!
8	@azaxacavabanama  kashtam ! wonder what would be the similey  for CSK
8	Watchin TV. HAPPY MOMS DAY.
8	enjoying lazying around eating roses chocolates  x
8	Finallyy done !! And done clean'n lay'n down time 4 bed.. goshh its 3 o'clock !! Lol nite nite twitta heads
8	@rohanbabu I brought a buffalo 320gb for 3800...it has the fastest transfer rate for a usb hdd...I benchmarked it at 34mb/s on my comp!!!
8	@Sanazypoo OMG!! Hahaha! I thought you were joking about Twittering that, hahaha!! Awesome, good times were had by all
8	About to go to sleep. Fun
8	@xantherrific online! www.dujourmag.com/subscribe
8	It turns out I'm really, like, sixty years old, guys. You were right!!!!!  I'm off to seek my future a little later than planned!
8	@FrankieFiction Thankies.  I'll never be able to watch the movie Madagascar the same way again... hehe.
8	@flygirls &quot;Mom set the bar so high I need to learn to fly to reach it!&quot; -- now THAT's an awesome sentiment to read on Mother's Day.
8	@nlouisem thanks!!
8	@fedgrub  dull life was on the soundtrack of one of my favourite showss
8	@MorganH03 Thanks for a great night, dear.  Perfectly completed my weekend.
8	I am having the TIME of my LIFE
8	@simoncurtis HAHA ...Your Hotter Than Justin Timberlake
8	@EmmaCL thanks
8	@FelixKev hey Kev - keep with it. It seems crap at first but will def be worthwhile! Add LOADS of people, much more interesting
8	just rocked home from maccas, and now signing a petition for big bang to tour aus  LOL
8	Oh that just made my evening.  I forgot Merlin was on tonight!  But its a toss up between Rove and Spielburg on Spielburg on ABC2 choices.
8	@erniehalter yay Happy Mothers Day to me  Screw burnt breakfast in bed I'll take some E.  (erniehalter live &gt; http://ustre.am/2VkO)
8	...WITH PENNEY! thank you for letting me in at 11 at night
8	@Buddhistethics  congratulations  were you being mindful through the run as well or / and listening to music?
8	assumes it wasnt so taboo to start an email with &quot;LOL&quot; considering that the reply it got started with &quot;ROFL. PWN3D.&quot; I love the internet!
8	Had a great time with mpix shootout, just great  thanks mpix...
8	first day on new job,, bought a new clothes already and it was 40% off for employee discount!
8	@lamarjmorgan looks like you need a local marketing person. I'm booked for 2 gigs in Vegas that day
8	@great_northern http://twitpic.com/4wiqv - Awwww she looks like one of my kitty  little furry balls are the best!
8	Finally home, watching saturday night live, then dreaming about my amanda boo
8	@rayamartin http://twitpic.com/4wlpv - whooooooooooooa!!!!!!!!!!!! ang ganda ko dito ha!!!  thank you!
8	still playing wii fit LOL fun fun fun,, movies tonight ill upload photos i took today right now check next tweet
8	Went to a party last night. Dindin and I showed up in matching outfits ) GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE ) Anyway, happy birthday, ate lara
8	@erniehalter love your voice  sing Whisper!   (erniehalter live &gt; http://ustre.am/2VkO)
8	Missing my mother... t-11 days! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
8	Hey cool: http://oproer.com/twwwitter/
8	Just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . Now im taken a crap
8	had a great night with some old friends...we're still &quot;home-town heroes&quot;....some things never change
8	IS PHONE FUCKING WITH TYSON
8	N now the end to another wise great nite! Excuse me while I dream a little dream
8	I love how when I leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot
8	Had fun early night Vegas because Pool tomorrow
8	Had a blast, babe. Thanks joe. &lt;3  i love everyone! Tyler...happy birthday.
8	cynthia and jenny are spamming my twitter! haha
8	@vivanews_com All breaking news will be tweeted here I hope  welcome to twitter!
8	Kandice and I just found 'Baby Sailor Blue' at Casey Moores  http://yfrog.com/0ltrdaj
8	@jen004 Nope, not &quot;done&quot; yet
8	Shite night, tomorow, I get to hang out with my little brother and neice, should be sufficient enough to change my mood
8	@Jae878  thanks  I'm holding my mini laser light thingy lol. How are u?
8	@michaelmagical #warmfuzzies to you, my friend
8	boopboopboop. still talking to ashley &amp; brittany.  i've been talking to ashley for forever, and our convo still goes places. we're awesome
8	@MISS_OTTAWA ur welcome, sweet dreams!
8	@bribee84 LOL too funny!!!  I love my Angels hehe
8	@johncmayer lol that just totally made me laugh, which made my day
8	@SarinneJonas thats so cool
8	success!
8	@JackieShimamoto i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!
8	@jojowright thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out
8	@patriciaco Youtube. ) Really awesome quality, actually.
8	@lexi_bexi I totally and completely agree
8	just watched what happens in vegas  it was really good
8	Ready to crash!...had a great day and a FUN night! I couldn't ask for anything more  Night!
8	I didn't check Twitter till just now. Thanks everyone for all the Congrats! I really really appreciate it  #fb
8	@salece the green one! It's limey
8	@DebbieZachry very relaxing thank you. Hope you get to put your feet up tomorrow and enjoy the day
8	@dpfdpf probably something to do with FriendFeed
8	@jordansgirl81 they can be a drag,,but for the most part they come in HANDY  hee hee
8	if i ran the mile to mcdonalds and ran the mile back would that burn off a double sausage and egg mcmuffin lol
8	@vieriu I am blessed beyond measure
8	watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.
8	Also I was conviced to do a happy dance and then told it was the most adorable happy dance ever
8	We got JoJo in for free and free drinks for Mom! My kind of night
8	@emmilyxoxo wow,that must be sooo cool
8	@katehughes So what do you do when you wake up? Morning by the way
8	@r_u_b_y_l totes it's gonna be fun as bi-otch. yeah she'll do it... we'll make her!!
8	@teresanguyen oo ok. When I opened up twitterfon and it said I had a reply I was like lauren Conrad andswere me  haha
8	had an okay day. but hanging out with brianna and saelina was good
8	@nikkidang Yeah I've been going there for the last month!!  SO amaaaazing, I'll bring some back for you
8	you tell yo mamma an em i axe how she durrin, and that i said happy mothers day.
8	I want some candy!!!
8	@mistressmia had not heard the title or author before, must look it up  Enjoy
8	@mcmike337 Yeaa I Know She is Smartier Then That, plus She Knows The real Thing Is Better Lol
8	is having fun with the traditional family dinner party for Mother's Day...
8	Good Morning and Happy Mothers Day everyone
8	@jessicasydney i did, haha. i'll run is more suitable, at the moment.
8	This is the earliest I've been up for ages! Body is crying to go back to sleep... Must resist! A shower should do the trick
8	@Meshel_Laurie your dad is a superman for pulling through! Take it easy
8	that boy over there is something worth admiring
8	Ra'anana is a wonderful place
8	Prism is the MY nEW wEBTOP.. mozilla labs rocks my world...
8	@BB517 @mespptc Yeah I'm okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my @$$ on twitter... LOL Thanks
8	@yongfook  ack ~ of course i'm a person! but i think @alaskamiller knows that
8	@rhettroberts haha no, I was referring to the band... http://www.myspace.com/lcdsoundsystem
8	@robdelete yo  what you think of last night? was good to see ya!
8	Mango Medley has yummy mango and mango ice cream!
8	@jason_2008 don't be sorry  you can race for charity or just for fun. I do this one for fun.
8	Man, finishing &quot;Operation Anchorage&quot; sure gives you an unfair advantage, loot-wise... I love the stealth field suit and Gauss rifle
8	@yinawu Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/iJm54  (my friends made the video)
8	This morning is for smiling smugly to oneself. Anyone can join in
8	@TomFelton awww. sooo adorable!  how old were u in that video?
8	Sha and i are fcp/macbook pro buddies now.
8	Hahhahah I'm watching the greatest movie ever
8	I'm going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today (I know I'm going to be the one who sings along!!)
8	@DelicatelyReal looool .. me 2 !! ana i will vote 7ag ele ye6le3ni taqa3od now
8	@ahbilly are you in need of another kiss attack??
8	@crystallynn09 I know!! Yayy
8	@heidimontag - Bless you as well sweetie, and i hope you have a wonderful weekend
8	@raytoro just kick their asses and call it a day.
8	Alright, I think it's time for bed...even though I'll probably surf the net for another hour before I go to sleep lol! Goodnight
8	@Emmieman So ur moomie liked the Pandora? you can buy me one next lol
8	@greggrunberg Can you please @elazar with that? I'd love some egg +bacon +ranch +bed for giving birth 3 times in 4 years!
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
8	@ddlovato demi if you can i think itd be amazing if you covered thats what you get by paramore haha im sure you know it
8	G'night Twitterverse! Thanks for keeping me entertained!!
8	@solobasssteve Morning, dude! Ivy has decided she wants to go on a boat today. Are you guys around this PM? Would be nice to see you.
8	Hence the smiley face.  ha ha ha ha. Lol yeah i'm hong to be tired as fuck tomorrow. But guess what i do not care.
8	@stanlopez awesome..am headin there that nite after my grad dinner  c u then boi! hehe
8	can't believe I just drove all the way back to school...whatever HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY: Mommy, Precious, Candis and Granny
8	@ryezzzzahh hahahaha yay!!!! Lakers!!! And I would please like some of that dip!!
8	Travel blog up and running!  http://charlenedianetravels.blogspot.com Can't wait to start filling it up with entries! )
8	@snarkandboobs LOL! I liked the log ride reference, but all I think about when I think of that ride is how wet you get
8	Is pretty hammered drunk! Props to me! Two nights in a row!!!
8	@nita49 A big ginger and white male cat and a little female tortoiseshell. Both indoor cats and rule the house
8	@JoeJonas1Fan1 I know, me too!!
8	is going to help lancey cook
8	@stephenhartley Gotta love skype! Make sure you get their new update!
8	@silverarcheress ah, ok  thank youuuuuu!
8	@TomFelton Haha! What's it like looking back on work? Or fun, as I'm sure it was
8	@pcsketch Well I am going to get off now so I'll talk to you later. Goodnight and good dreams
8	@GriffReviews LOL yea I know! I'm almost done with my semester this week  yay!!
8	niqhty niqht niqht .. all toqether, GREAT day  ;; @AyyoJayFresSh ily yall !!
8	better get to sleep, dodger game/mothers day 2maro  ewl i have to wake up at 8!
8	Morning People!  Just woke up now!
8	Had a great night! Tomorrow is mothers day
8	The sun is shining brightly and the day has just begun! What's in store? Wandering around les calanques maybe? Vin, definitely!
8	Justin Timberlake and Leonard Nimoy? And a Dick in The Box sequel? priceless
8	Thank you OpenDNS for saving me from Comcast's crappy DNS server. My internet is back up to par finally.
8	@iMBA haha Good job getting close. Her eyes are set somewhere else though
8	Wrestlefest was fun! Now tune into www.latalkradio.com from 2-3 sunday and chat with me
8	My 100th post- dedicated to Sarah,sunny weather,and my love for that Snakes On A Plane (Bring It) song that should have died already.
8	@camilleprats aaaw... that's very sweet of him. my girl friends gots to drag them hubbies just so we can &quot;nite-out&quot;. unless my beer. LoL
8	sittin by the fire...yes!
8	watchin my favie @themandymoore in because I said so..then catching up on much needed sleep!! goodnight
8	@ernalicious36 @raerosero thanks homskis! Its like christmas!
8	@katofawesome Praying for love in a lap dance, and paying in naivety. &lt;--One of my fav songs
8	@tom_conrad you take such good photos.
8	Listening to some house music!(what else?) I got a gig in San Francisco next Friday. BE THERE  details on my www.myspace.com/djspy
8	@StevenSmith1990 Indeed, twitter is where its at mate, its all happening on here.  Enjoy. Hope to see you arou.. http://twurl.nl/j4o1xe
8	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all of the wonderful women out there.  Have a great and relaxful day.
8	browsing thru adopting agencies, i'm gonna get some exotic kids
8	@mattgarner haha what's up Matt ?
8	@KandyBee we shuld do  a dance like that its seriously the best thing haha. see yu tomoro.
8	@TravelTweetie I will go to sleep now. Might be awakened early w/breakfast tray from my 'spark' &amp; my 'joper' w/their Dad's help
8	@nak1a &quot;If there's a camel up a hill&quot; and &quot;I'll give you plankton&quot; ....HILARIOUS!!
8	Home. Tonight was fun  thanks!
8	On my way home...then SLEEP! Seeing Amber Pacific tomorow with the besties
8	@xoMusicLoverxo I'm using it in a story. I actually already wrote it but have to write the chapters before it.
8	...definitely the first time I've felt alive again in years. Super happy
8	@trekkerguy Yeah, I have seen the reviews and they are great! It is just that the reviews surprised me. Now getting tickets for tonight
8	@joyfrequencies Yes, but I'm quite rusty.  I'm hoping to get back to it and &quot;tune up&quot; my skills.  Tim plays guitar.  We threaten duets.
8	@blp2008 lol yep  tell rhonda i said happy mother's day!
8	@laurenkel pancakes!! with lemon and sugar thanks!
8	It's not my best writing, well i don't think. LOL. but it's some! I'd read it all if i were you!  It's pretty damn good after all! =}. LOL
8	@RisaRM I tried replying to your mono lake tweet but dunno what happened. Just said I know that lake very well.
8	Wine..beer..and champagne..lets see how that goes for me tomorrow..lol
8	Just got home from morongo.. Havin a corona  Won 100 bucks woo! Lol I wish it woulda been 100,000 instead :-/
8	@WestEndActress Haha same as miine
8	is back from the play cafe, was great to enjoy a coffee while the boys played, have some Rose choccies for later when the boys are in bed
8	tonight my bed has been the Enterprise and I was Mrs Kirk
8	I ate a foot long from subway like an hour ago! OMG! I'm happy and full. I hadn't ate since b-fast.  happy Lis.
8	@kayleelovexx love those panties
8	Sasha's helped too, of course
8	@MarshaCollier It was indeed, an excellent movie.
8	http://twitpic.com/4woxi - Btw, concert was freaking awesome
8	@tommcfly i saw you on tues and last niiiighht &lt;3 so amazzzing, didnt even notice you forgetting the wordddss
8	i saw my credit-card statement. maybe i should receive the unholy Aiden fan package!! yaaaaay.
8	@candyconquest Yes you are, thanks  Haha you do? Field of flowers don't exist in Singapore, well not ones that you can frolick in:S
8	@CSI_PrintChick exactly! Thats the first time i saw his @ reply to Jon. Never going there again. Oh have fun with d new phone.
8	watching bruce all mighty at home
8	@rhettmatic happy birthday
8	@amnitaleandra Ow. Okay.  It's good you're better now.
8	Is relaxing in bed for a while before I go to sleep. It was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight
8	@tyleigh Thanks! Hope you find a job soon!...OH, almost forgot: I landed a role in an indie flick!  My first audition ever lol.
8	fun night tonight, and my house looks so purrrty. Until tomorrow when the kids come home
8	Good morning to another too late sleeper @DesignsbyValeri.  One of my excellent designers is Valerie (see @BooneWallbeds) picture
8	@djunity thanks!
8	@trent_reznor Trent don't get mad at me but I keep thinking you're pretending to be engaged for some reason
8	a night alone with my piano...and a pro tools session... ill take that ANYTIME.
8	is going to watch the two davids. yey
8	@johndb10 LOLOL.. i think it's funny that about 190 people think you're lieing about being &quot;the REAL john barrowman&quot;
8	Today is another good day for some less extreme experiences... Anyone a fan of #24? I'm watching season 4 now
8	@amedawg18 Haha, that's great. Yeah, Zachary Quinto as Spock is really awesome indeed!!!
8	Romantic evening in with papa murphys and &quot;battle BC&quot; from the history channel
8	YAY! My temperature went down!  I can have dinner with the family tonight.
8	@trippingtracy if there's a pow wow in the chicago area, definitely check it out, they're so fun! Happy Mother's Day
8	@thylady yay! welcome to the etsy-seller world
8	@HockeyTShirt Folks thought it was hilarious when I told them the story, and then they saw the shirt I wore tonight.  Laughter all night.
8	@anna_007 Don't worry, they'll get bored of it! Just hang in there and don't give in!
8	@sunmee hope the studyin went well
8	Is finally home, fed and ready to go to bed and its only 2:45am.  That's gotta be a record
8	Hopes to find more mates that are on this thing
8	@lexxie_couper  I've heard that. 2 of my sons have seen it and one wants to see it again. I can't wait to get there
8	@shaki_sm I'll have a look. Do you live in the centre of Glasgow? I was born on Bellshill &amp; grew up in Bothwell. I miss Tunnocks pies
8	@scottiejen knackered! been awake since 5 as couldn't sleep! just started work now. coffee and toast sounds awesome  chris has been busy!
8	In bed after a good last saturday in ec. I'm gonna miss this place but can't wait til summer
8	@RetroRewind hey dave im just up in the UK and first thing i done was put RR on  could u play ill be there new kids on the block thanks
8	Seriously though. Amazing night.
8	@AmyQcoocachoo THANK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!
8	@cookiedorksx3 Me too,but i'm goitn to go to shower!And cleanin' up my room and later eat somethin'
8	@celia_brads i've finished  lol
8	I'm calling your room-mate!!!
8	@tommcfly AHHHHHHH!!!!! its my 16th birthday  And i cant belive i found out im seeing yous tonight  Best present everr!!! &lt;333333333
8	o, and happy mothers day
8	Morning everybody
8	@BrendaSimons do i wanna kno wat u mean by more than fine? Lol now i'm curious lol. I may have money by then  tis good too.
8	@NickMLTM  oh man that sucks hardcore! haha good luck finishing up recording
8	Morning tweeps  Looking forward to a relaxing Sunday. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
8	just woke up...for  once I managed to sleep in!! going out for lunch later then back to essay
8	Done...now another gem of a day in Cape Town
8	@steveplunkett  Hey, I need a car too. I'll dm you my address.
8	http://twitpic.com/4wp8s - My ear hurts, and THIS is my medicine. GUM
8	goodnight and good bye to all of you, hope you have the best of dreams
8	Now comes the fun part  Because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside US, your changes can be quite tiny.
8	partied w/ @jboosf @_SML, elitecamp, rock steady crew + the ladies (wow), and of course crazy legs - holla! lmao - sober. totally sober
8	watched sex &amp; the city season 1 &amp; drank a little wine w/ my date...just ended w/ a goodnight kiss. i could get used 2 this  night night!
8	SWAY SWAY BABY zommgg love it  need more screamo tho boys
8	just finished tlking to laura 2 hours and 7 minutes lol... going to sleep. night ppl
8	finally gone to the beach, yeaaaah!
8	@joywilder That's a popular one! (cccd)  Thx for replying
8	@chokewho Nah, rolled with Jason Manly, who is a talented BJJ ace who mauls me any way...   Jake is looking great, can't wait to fight.
8	@knatchwa Buenos Dias! How very sweet, thank you
8	i'm lookin for email to this man  i have his photo -Spray Painting in Wroclaw(Poland) by Kosmo http://bit.ly/EOvVN
8	&quot;suprised&quot; mom with a cake and a present, because it's mother's day!  dad had bought flowers. : &gt;
8	What a fantastic full-on weekend!  Going to finish on a high, with a cheeky chilli thai fried rice &amp; a few glasses of red
8	Aiden KNIVES out May 12th www.myspace.com/aiden. excited!!!!!
8	eating truffles  yum!
8	Swords make everyone sexy.  Oh, Harold.
8	Installed NetGear 802.11n (draft) router today, throughput has definately increased
8	@LeslieLang It will be an Adventure!  Have FUN with your 5 yr old and 8 mo old! (You're brave.)    Hope you have a great time!
8	@KerriAnson  My day was good!  Spent the day catching up on sleep, relaxing.. kind of a lazy day! hehe. oooo shopping! How did you resist?
8	last leg of my travels today. totally exhausted, but thank goodness &quot;Ed&quot; is keeping me company
8	sunday is runday- outta bed and onto the road
8	@Buffalokid Thanks for the feedback. Surreal life, surreal oils
8	@MusicalChilly Thank you and u too lady!!!!
8	@lulliecarole that was delicious! lets have a walk sometimes with you and your hubby.. and others! me misses you
8	Last week I had 516 hits on my guinea pig pictures on webshots! And I didn't even promote them! Way to go
8	#SanctuarySunday @nirroca yay for #Sanctuary, I may watch Requiem after breakfast!
8	@calikara22 @darthamandar @trippplesweet grats to aaron and christine
8	@burbankhays ohhh I remember when you gave your dad a shoutout at the mcr at MSG show last year. that was so sweet
8	is wishing everyone a blessed &amp; beautiful Mother's Day!
8	@MariahCarey &quot;VISION OF LOVE&quot; Play now &quot;i had the vision of luv n it was aaaaaoOUoOuoOUU that u..turn out..toOoo&quot; Mariah this ur part
8	BWAHAHAHAHA! Shut the fuck up... @BarryManilow is TOTES following me right now! Who made the account? Made me giggle like a school girl!
8	Twas a good show. I even liked Ciara's last song.   Time for me to go to bed. G'night!
8	@RetroRewind You're a good friend Dave.. we can wait!! Hope we dont have to wait too long though
8	@paulbay1028 Bit of a lie -in. Eaten all the bread.  It's way too good to giveaway.
8	@snowded nice one
8	@angelistic u understand now why i keep telling u MAKE A TWITTER app that understand MY NEED
8	Does anyone still play N64 anymore? or Super Nintendo? Weren't those days the best? haha. So many flashbacks!
8	Day dreaming of Fuzzball and SNL  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
8	@firedwarftj i was right about the wave off
8	Happy Mothers Day mom!  I love you!
8	@SelenaGomez selena's mom congratulations' have a nice day
8	He brings SOOO much joy!! Show it!!  great song! ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oq
8	Home at last 1 more day till my weekend begins!!
8	@ReeceReece Kind of, good job though.  I know no better.  I might see you this Friday w/ Arbie.
8	feels at home to be back at church
8	had a great time talkin with Mike tonight for three hrs.
8	@pcsketch I am actually wanting to buy a bus one day &amp; turn it into a motor home. Imagine a whopping big BlokesLib logo on it
8	The most epic weekend I've had in atleast a year. Night cap with @aaron_matthes and @trumpy03. 2 hours of sleep in 3 days! Goodnight
8	@soulsweetness I will, n btw happy mothers day sissy
8	08.05.09 partying at the Pineforest  http://tinyurl.com/ojugsb
8	Using my old phone!  gosh! I miss this phone!
8	@ishaNikki congratss to them
8	@kenakasoulstar thank you.
8	Good morning World   This will be another wonderfull day, starting with breakfst with champions...  my kids ofcourse
8	i just realized im off tomorrow. goin to the beach! who wana come?
8	here we go.. captain says &quot;shut it down&quot; we are on our way  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3p8
8	12 more days until CA!! i get to see my paniniii
8	@QuiMo haha Mon...Do you really want me too send it?
8	@heycassadee SUPER EXCITED. JUST BOUGHT MY TIX TO SEE HEY MONDAY ON 6/20. AGAIN.  ~SVETLANA J. DENVER,CO
8	Going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight!
8	@lmatechnologies Gotcha ! Let's meet up @ The Twitt Cafe
8	@MrHollaOut hahah  u know this mannnnnn trust me ima  freak and  proud of  it
8	Off to Woolsery this morning to (hopefully) see North Molton U16 clinch the North Devon League title. Lovely day for it
8	is having a lazy sunday
8	could do with some bacon and egss. mm
8	You know you're up too late when the TCU nightly scan starts! Oh well, I graduated today
8	had cold rock, choc mint+bubblegum+cookie+flake+nerds= YUM!!!! XD .  had a fun day.
8	Now, lets do funkey stuff, talking with magento, through xmlrpc with codeignite and output with amf (Zend) to flash
8	Happy mother's day and to the god mother's and step mother's too....
8	the sun is waking me up. what a beautiful day
8	@madberry TestFest was weer een groot succes
8	@rebeccao372 Thats ok  Yeah I had a good night thanks. Glad you did too. Hope you enjoy your BBQ
8	@marafromci its bout smoking weed
8	@LesleyER Its goin good takin it easy ths weekend  Im preparing for the big events comin up for me U girls INSPIRE me 2 do great things!!
8	@Rajkumari22 o snapppp look who i found on twitter lollll
8	@adnamay nite nite bday girl  have fun at concert
8	@kgopal Ah! Thank you!
8	@tim_buckley Good morning from sunny London...sounds like an oxymoron but happens to be true of today  Hurrah!
8	@jonathanrknight so great to hear from u again today! U r the best! Cannot wait to see u on the cruise!!! &lt;3 Cindy with the sign
8	@cactopus - You too, thanks for completing  Calvin Appreciated
8	@jodiontheweb Isn't that hilarious? Hope you saw the Crosby is a douche shirt I picked up and wore bc of it.
8	thnkn bout yesterday..best day ever!&amp; 2day Virtus vs Treviso at da futurshow..hard game,gotta win! FORZA RAGAZZI!!!
8	@thebirchtree i'll try sort that fabric out for you today...been a busy bee!
8	@henryandfriends thank for Thinking of us and caring
8	@cookiemonster82 ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg time... any1 for humma humma?
8	trying this out with my sweet lil iPod... I am totally nerding out. and... totally ok with it
8	As kids, this is how we attempted to dance http://digg.com/u12xAo No idea to what the words mean,but the moves are so cool!
8	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!!
8	had fun at her b-day celebration.
8	Ordering pizzas, watching Diggnation, trying out Tweetdeck. All is good
8	home! tonight was so much fun! goodnight twitterbugs!
8	@netmogul actually, i play keyboards for pohaku lol. we played a 12st bday earlier and now i'm spinning at the shack
8	I had fun at Daisy's Mexican Fiesta .
8	@natzini 16lbs is still a huge achievement though
8	@ArchNiaLeitl Hello my friend...you found me on GBW? How are you doing? Glad to see you twitter but I have to learn German
8	wooh! 100th tweet  i have no life xD
8	i find John Mayer's tweets mighty entertaining for a hearty laugh...so thanks John
8	@irishprincess41 it was great to meet ya katie...awesome shows for sure!! Safe travels home.
8	@Jason_Manford Awww thats such a lovely thing for u to say to me  are u doing any in manchester? x
8	can't sleep... Thinking of holidays
8	Fab sunny day
8	Celebrated Mother's Day with the best lamb roast lunch followed by a box of Cadbury's shared around the table. It was a wonderful day
8	@gulpanag watching dor on utv movies again great performance
8	@calypsominerals haha well, kinda! I'm Mommy to my lil' pom-chi  hehe  thank you! ;)
8	I'm sooo hyper! And I don't even know why! Hahahahaha!
8	@jillieface lol very much appreciated!!!  so excited!!!
8	Sex on the beach, cosmo, kamikaze, captain america, ahhh fun night. Still not over.
8	@RussellBfan90 ah its getting there  still a fair bit to go, but it's coming together fairly well! aw  where are you from?
8	@ChrisAxe Thank you. Keep it down, there's a good lad.
8	@RetroRewind Joe's version is pretty but it's a sleeper.  Shouldn't be played at 1am.
8	watching freo on a sunday arvo is a good hobby
8	liking my fake tan orange colour
8	is updating you LIVE from Benihana of Tokyo in Waikiki  Happy Birthday Mark!!!
8	Chillin' following some cool people!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wppn - This is how wild at down and derby... TRNDS3TRS
8	sup guys, just downloaded tweetdeck, gettin a move on right now : D tweet me some nice clothes sits or summat  x
8	Had a good time at Flap-a-taco with @daveyboyonline, @LadyLaurali, and @CesYeuxBleus
8	@loris_sl happy sunday to you to
8	What Darren on Linkedin? YES!   Just say your a twitter friend I NEVER IDK people! http://www.linkedin.com/in/darrenmonroe
8	@biomedwiz miss u too. I'm still at a club...u know...west coast shit!
8	@jobondi Awsome thanks Jo...Can't wait for her to be on  xx
8	Ps... I got Ben Button today... completes my Best Picture noms....got all 5 now. It was a GREAT year!!
8	alkaline trio was sweet, saves the day sucked.  but i had a great time anyways.  it was awesome seeing everybody and hangin out
8	'Allo there twitter  how are we today?
8	mozart requiem tonight
8	@Beati3 moving from rod to justin, even persuaded sons to join me
8	@LunarLife hes definitely my fav host ever!  Can't wait to watch the rest tomorrow!!
8	Ah, lets start working! Livingroom here I come
8	Wow, such a crazy night of ever changing emotions! I liked it tho
8	For those of us who's hearts break a little more this time of year know that you are loved and next week is a new week.
8	Woah!! Awesome show!! Glad to be back at the hotel, though.. Nightie night and Happy Mother's Day to all you mommy's!!
8	time always seems to fly when im with wade, its weird; but i like it... a lot!
8	you are acting like 5 year olds   @player112345 @Carole09
8	hey hey hey!  lol.
8	Enjoy your hols  xxx
8	Just got back from Apple Store in Robina. Managed to get a replacement iPhone because it couldn't access the web properly. So shiny
8	Well off 2 bed...cant wait 2 party 4 Mother's Day in like 14 hours or so
8	Last night went really well. Got some cracking shots
8	@sooj899 LOL  I know what ya mean. Watching everyone else act a fool is much better the  not remembering acting a fool yourself
8	@amanga46    WOW!  That is so awesome, Andre!   It will be great, I know!  Can't wait.   And you dad's aren't so bad either!
8	@eashmore like, for reals this time guys. Ha. G'night. &amp; happy birthday kid
8	i'm doin my tweets on my phone so i have on clue how to reply to anyone. but thank u fiercemichi, as soon as i can i'll check it out.
8	okay.. so i &quot;thought&quot; i was getting sick... but NOPE!!!  HAHAHA PHEW! (sry mike lol - hope you get better soon!)
8	&lt;&lt; Finaly Back to home..
8	I had the best weekend ever
8	Morning all its beautiful out already, glorious sunshine. Wash and vacum car Done, fill with petrol Done, bbq stuff buy Done.
8	@TerriLPN Thanks, Terri!  I am so excited to pick Parker up on Monday.   I hope he gets along with David! #pixiebob
8	Gooooooood morning, campers!  And happy Mother's Day!
8	Lol @ me and @kittykatmakeup whispering so we don't get in trouble and being almost 30! Feels great to be home feeling like kids
8	@BB517 sounds like a plan.....yea excited now
8	morning!  well excited dancing down the park todayyy! should be good!  wooo c'mon venue!  xx
8	this is my movie weekend!! i've watched 5 movies so far
8	@millportonian Don't worry. You'll be 38 soon
8	Last library day before Doomsday. Urgh. Was nice to wake up with my J-bum though. He's still sleeping now. Cute
8	got a new dog
8	@pantone801 heh, thats the same theme I used on http://leetbix.net
8	what a beautiful morning! nice to be out
8	Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming&lt;3
8	Gorgeous day! Off to Hash around Waterley Bottom - wonderful name for a village! Quiz Mistressing at the Porto this evening
8	@demiswissfan yer  i hope the competition doesnt end before i post my video! lol but there are some really good singers who entered.....
8	@amalinaaa You said your getting McFlys live album 2morrow, whats it called?  xx
8	@ankita_gaba evrytime i listen to the name of tat plce i am reminded of Mojojojo from dexter's lab
8	Just Decorated Moms Room While She Was Asleep For Mothers Day  She'll Wake Up To A Banner And Balloons! Woo!
8	@megspptc I don't remember cause I was watching so many on youtube... LOL will get back to you
8	Happy mother's day everyone!
8	@jedwhite Err yeah...me too...can we sue ?
8	@AhmNoHere Thanks! Didn't watch the movie.Wasn't able to decide. :-/ Hope you had a great time with your friends!
8	@dhanji meet @Marawitch - she is the Zombie expert i believe..
8	Happy Mother's Daaay!!
8	watered the tomato plants, pepper plants and lettuce, feeling all homely! off out with Freddie for a fun-packed day
8	@RobPattinson444 thank you for accepting my request!! must take care of my little girl, maybe i write back later
8	who's for a boiled egg with soldiers?
8	@BeanJuce thanks, feeling good and off to New Forest later
8	@FlissTee I think the very late night on Friday just hit me  off to town to meet a friend soon for ice cream and coffee
8	looked up weather for greece this weekend....80 and sunny OMGZ
8	today i salute all mothers and honour the feminine....and now its time for a beer
8	@BB517 Hey girl, yeah I did..thanks a bunch!! I haven't started downloading them yet...I totally owe you.
8	@markii187 Eeee! Hiya!  Haven't spoken to you in ages! How you doing? *enormous hug*
8	@LittlePinkStone I'm not either. We should have went out *snicker* Although I am enjoying listening to RR and my beer
8	@commonsense4 Thanks! I appreciate it  I know my unsubscribe list will grow tomorrow LOL
8	@TeeBiscuit - crazy fun! You make that man be nice!  Sri Lanka is a spiritual place, yes?
8	ok.. BEST SNL episode i've seen in a hot minute. Justin is wonderful and Ciara has muscles..the end. G'nitey, tweet tweets!
8	@get2knowpro oh, left off the  smiley face so you knew I was kidding.
8	just got home from work.... and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice.
8	Is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
8	@lazycat jass warn me b4 u go to nxt war...i am there to have fun...
8	Wow! That's what I say about star trek.  very cool.
8	@kyleterrell Yeah I'm kinda glad I did stay home
8	@johncmayer &quot;arrest her&quot; or, anything ending in -est that can be done to her.
8	This is Really Cool put in a topic and its a twitter show...If your a tweeter twittering twit u got to luv this http://bit.ly/a0nw
8	@Courageous_one Very much so.  Setting some goals for the next couple of months in preparation
8	Nine o'clock on a Sunday morning - Outside, sat around the table enjoying the early rays of sun, reading Twitter article in Sunday Times
8	@lauriepercival it was a great wedding! the band was awesome (they played a ton of great 80's songs) as was the food!
8	@stevelensink thanks stephen, appreciate it
8	After the sketchy moments at A mtn, the friends and I moved up the trail and sat at the end of the road, just talking and being silly
8	@krystynchong that's part of what I've been working on...use the AppStore on the phone  - there's a whole other piece of the puzzle
8	Having dinner at Jiuliani's with family YUM!!!
8	@aNDeeDrummer yeah   when he goes there he always brings us these things. + he just let me last something called &quot;bird milk&quot; and it
8	but worth it i spose
8	Oowweee!!! China club wuz poppin!!! Lipstic n Pumps were in full effect!
8	Tonight was fun
8	@johncmayer maybe she's funny like a jester
8	Playing &quot;The Simpsons Game&quot; for Nitentdo DS Light *_*
8	I'm sure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know I'm hangover free  @fjkeogh hope you're not too fragile this morning!
8	happy mothers day
8	@typezero3 Hehe...until it comes back, your FB friends get a Twitter respite huh? JK!
8	@djcmc carls jr sounds hella good, you should bring me some  http://myloc.me/G3o
8	@JamFactory Andy of Crazy Label has found me a Vimto droplet! Yay!
8	Watching Nemecek go on her computer, fun!  Lol I keed!  Norms was fun
8	@MaxizPad hahaha! Guess you will have to reinforce your skates, haha... Remember who u r my friend, our semi-God with a gluten intolence
8	@divadivachrissy lol wat u making me come all da way overr there for?v
8	@MA12CUS - You can do yiiiit!  Night
8	had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy!!!!! now gettin ready 4 church  yay!!!
8	@Ivy_Blue - the chauffeur from &quot;Some Kind of Wonderful&quot; was my idea of a perfect woman
8	OK YALL ITS TIME FOR ME TO GO TO MY ROOM &amp; CUDDLE WIT SASHA LOL SEE YALL LATER ALLIGATORS! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO DA MOMS &amp; MOMS 2 BE
8	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4v0vr - cool! you and your mother have awesome hair styles,! Wish her a happy mother's day!
8	@ForsakenDAemon Hooray!
8	and she was all like &quot;dude. I care about you.&quot; and it made me smile  yea that teaches me not to drive on E, lol
8	@janice7092001  I know  lol . I'll grin and bear it
8	totally addicted to xbox carcassonne.  i also really love tomb raider legend.  and still badly NEED bolt.
8	I'll get my new laptop in 10 more days! Excited! It is Dell Inspiron - core2duo 2.0GHz - 4GB DDR2 - 250GB hdd - 15.6 inches screen
8	@lostintheforest thanks!  Remember the SAE for the we make stuff too
8	@lrpw1302 hey ty for tip, wifi networking is one if my many talents  I'll get on it when I can be bothered LOL
8	Fantastic weekend - hairdressers, stylish luncheons &amp; a Fabulous girlie night with wine, cheeses &amp; chocolates...And dancing till morning
8	@missxtatti Thanks for adding me
8	@racemode lol.. who know the president could be a comedian?
8	@JPMizDELiCiOUS Good to hear..!
8	@fashion_retweet I do my best - that's why running skirts are on the scene as well
8	@tommmlives i think you should follow me. as i only have on follower. stalk me please
8	@eckastatic sure I would like some cream right now
8	@MichelleZen i knew that, jus givin u a hard time hehe
8	@Suzyqbee10 that'd be awesome!!! I don't think i've ever been blogged about!!!
8	Yay me! I did good on my com final  I needa step up next semester forsure tho. No more distractions.
8	@TheRealIngrosso is nto milk deffo!
8	I am listening to the music of Super Juniors of Korea. I so like the way they sing and dance. I hope someday i can meet them.
8	catching up on my reading... twitter n BF break
8	@augustine25 TY my friend. Yes ur right.... a daughter is a daughter forever.
8	@dotmanish dude, i pestered army personnel at Mumbai airport to let me hold it so much that they had to *request* me to leave
8	white-water rafting in the tripics
8	Wow, Hugh Jackman TOTALLY bulked up for Wolverine. So so movie...but helloooo nurse! He's dreeaamy  Yup, my crushed spirit is on the mend.
8	@fuzzyorange i thought people only went to hounslow when they'd gone the wrong way, didn't know there was anything there
8	I will not be late.  I will not be late.  I will not be late.
8	uploaded a new song to the Tellmetwice myspace today by DOLLAROSA &gt;&gt; please come listen  http://bit.ly/JAE1v
8	@xCarCrashHearts ironclad determination?
8	is seventeen today  and is trekking from chorleywood to see @dannymcfly @tommcfly @dougiemcfly and @mcflyharry in cambridge  &lt;3
8	Beer pong and dubstep. Good nite
8	@demiswissfan thanks  lyxxx
8	#SanctuarySunday @Fredto it's our mission to make #Sanctuary a trending topic for the day, lots of people on board for it...join in
8	@markman641 HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MARK
8	@LindaLocke My daughter went to a Bday party today caled, &quot;Grace&quot; of Cakes...the little girl is named Grace &amp; they made cupcakes!
8	@rossianson invite sent   You can now invite more collabs too, pass the word around
8	@AubreyODay Just got kicked out the club, bout to try to get into another, Lmao! Shot of Patron on you?! Haha.
8	@JessMcFlyxxx that would be an idea  haha xx
8	kellie: Its a major problem okay. alex: what is? Kellie: hahahahahahahaa your face
8	@drjoesDIYhealth weekend is going great  Yours?
8	Yaaaaaaay, bday!
8	@scattyjan All the best with the Cup Final today. Have fun
8	Happy Mommy's  Day to all you moms
8	yay  my 'only on sundays' maid came!! the house will be clean again!!!
8	wah....American Chocolate Cheese Cake for my chweet mummy ! muaxxx
8	Sitting down for a nice English breakfast. The one meal they do right
8	@xsub1 Was at Ruby Skye last night as well! Superb set by Steve. The last hour was loaded with Thrillseekers material old and new
8	@jeninamaree has just voted for you. hope you win!
8	Downtown was fun tonight  The walk back to the car was rediculous lol
8	@light_bikes sounds good to me  hahaha
8	@maxcarver Hey im a fan from New Zealand. Loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. Keep up the good work
8	@YvetteCYL Awwww so sweet of him.
8	Good night everyone...... Time to go mimmiz......
8	Ok I am going to sleep for real now good night twitter land
8	@Vocalyz Hi  Im Better... Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^ ... Thanks... Take Care Plis
8	This weekend has been probably the best and there is still another day to go!!
8	@hilaryjp  I've already done my washing, I have a spring in my step this morning
8	@TheFuzzyBlueOne me? A doctor? *laughs* oh, no, no, no. I was @dr_crane's patient at Arkham Aslyum, but now I work for him
8	Happy sunday, beautiful day in London... off to meet Chergo for breakfast  xx
8	@roe4ever1 Happy Mother's Day ~ Did you watch SNL?  If not U missed a hoot with Jimmy Fallon
8	aaauuuggghhh! in n out, check! mcdonald's, check! haha, next is hot cheetos!
8	OMG 17 again... I'm so buying that on DVD   Yeahness for another good movie  Also thanks to my movie buddies :]
8	good mornig to everone... it's a great morning ...in the evening i play in the theatre in lord of the flies. it's so much fun!
8	@bryybryyy is a lumberjack  http://twitpic.com/4wqe8
8	One gear, baby!!!
8	Goodnight twitterworld. I'll tweet y'all later.  Goodnight, J.
8	@typezero3 thanks! Slooooow hehe but I'm stoked  hope you're having a good weekend!
8	@Rove1974 looking forward to the show tonight. Can't wait for ol mate @DHughsey to
8	wow! party! my new life! it is awesome! no more girlfriends they just create tons of drama! babes at a party is the way to go!  just w ...
8	Justin Timberlake totally rocked SNL tonight. Ooh, and Happy Mother's Day, another Hallmark mkting tool.
8	@Albz86  oh man i wanna be in the bay asap! Thank you   Have a great day!
8	@iamsemmi Im Drinking Right Now  Hot Tea and Honey!... Take care u too
8	@NaiZhao the pictures tells me me that u were surrounded by adorable children!  hehe
8	@trswift yep, meeeee  I'm awesome hahahha
8	@LadyLogan Thats awesome!!  Good idea!!
8	@xanister I'm glad you liked it though
8	@JessMcFlyxxx yeaahh; punch her!  haha. xx
8	Getting ready for our annual old boys hockey competition  let's bring down the students!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wqfv - dark berry mocha frapp.. heaven.. TRY IT EVERYONE!!  here.. let me pass it to you
8	time to bed now!!
8	@VeritasUnae Ahh that's fun  I had work last night, a party after, went to the movies today to see Wolverine. Was a good weekend
8	listenin do da beach girl5 on itunes
8	@jasonperryrock Is you cat clean again?  Hope so ;) Xx
8	@baggers haha yeah it was
8	@XKookie03 whyyyy hellloooo! Thx 4 checkin up on me  how r things? http://myloc.me/G4p
8	@sageeb finally -- someone recognizes my genius
8	too much good food on this Mother's Day. not that i'm complaining! Seafood, durian puffs and macarons! yum!
8	@Pimplepopper: Where did you get a copy? I wanna watch that also.
8	HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOTHERS!!!!...and to mine  I LOVE YOUUUUUU
8	@ohaiijess it would be cool if they had people make videos of themselves miming the song and make one big video  so EVERYONE can be in it.
8	@annadwan90 excellent good to see
8	@johncmayer what about name Jana? there you've got lots of options..
8	2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
8	Happy Christmas! No wait... What is it again happy M...........easels day. No but seriously.... Happy Mothers day...  lmao
8	@smileindenial you're so much fun  Star Trek soon, ok? ;)
8	@MrCav lol.. ass monkey
8	I'm bored, extremely bored. in the car. waiting for my dad. and dinner. chinese. yummm.
8	@Touch_Reviews THANKS!
8	@dekrazee1 You are doing the right thing though.  A fridge is where vegetables go to die
8	@hilaryjp  I have sun here
8	@iamTAYON I would if I was drivin :\ hahaha. but get me a Carol C. Special, yeah?
8	Happy Birthday to @AndrewGirdwood !
8	@RealBillBailey Cool show last night had me in fits
8	?????????????????????YAY it works haha
8	@hopeluvfaith aww lovely! Hope you had a great mother's day, our little mother hen  did you get in contact with sharn?
8	@Tayler_Nicole wow you are lucky  happy birthday!
8	@RAVERJONO good, good.  what could it be then? :o
8	@ElvenstarArt Great !!! Your book looks fantastic ? I want it
8	@ohshititsdre awww! i didnt see this till now and edwin just left! i knew you wanted some! forsure tomorrow i'll make u a new batch!
8	Outz wif the BIG BIG BIG HAPPY FAMILY for mommy's day meal. And Happy Mommy Day to all Mommys out there!
8	@natsnapper haha. Booked my lie in last night. Just woke up. Must have needed it!!
8	@mogz Yes, I downloaded it from the website and since I'm tweeting from it now, it must work
8	@mareenshere How it was slept?
8	Happy Mothers' Day to my mom, your mom, his mom and her mom! Woot woot.. moms rule!
8	oh yeah the grill is out...its bbq tonight at the house
8	BBQ with Andrew, his sisters, and Jeff.  So much fun!
8	@YoGottiKOM when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun?!
8	10 Cutest Cat moments video - http://shrt.st/4ce - enjoy
8	Alright... i need to get sleep so i can ACTUALLY be awake for my mothers' day! ;) Nighty Nightzzz Or good morning my twitter friends!!!
8	No credit left on my mobile sorry Brit! *pounces back* Thanksss Tania for the EPIC photoshoot
8	... We are playing an acoustic set @ Styles Bar today @ 3!!! Hope to see you there  ...
8	Obama is the ish!!!!  he is funny!
8	Happy mothers day!
8	@drkchna Lunch, yes. A date, nope.
8	Living my life
8	Photo: thelovelybones: I SPY JONAS BROTHERS AND DEMI LOVATO OMG D: Ahhh yea, 3d movie premire  http://tumblr.com/xbb1qyx0e
8	@sageeb you say the nicest things.
8	@adamjackson With McDonald's promoting the McCafe (similar to Starbucks), we may soon see McSmoothies (like Jamba Juice) next
8	@StampfliTurci  yes I can imagine, I need my morning coffee otherwise I cannot function, have a good and relaxing Sunday
8	@timdifford ohhh beautiful place. You on hols? Go steady on the mead!
8	@anamoorz yeh i do like playing sk8 but i dont own it . i dont even own xbox 360 lol. i skate down at the skateprk tho
8	Forget it. Callin it a night! It's MOMMY'S DAY!
8	some of my new followers are pretty cool tweeps; check 'em out.
8	@catsinthetree Listened to Eyes on Fire and enjoyed it.  Thanks
8	Just finished filming for the day  another fun day on the set! Hahaha!
8	Happy moms day
8	those secondary school cooking lessons came to good use today. I made shepherd's pie for my mama.
8	@ALOliver lol liking your style Alice tell him you've got standards to maintain lol, it's national Cork girls go wild in london week
8	@tracysummers04 Im pleased hun
8	@Jenehhh Feeling inspired this evening, huh?
8	@pranaydewan thanku  cooking is simple but the law is- u hve to have fun while u make it
8	I'm seeing quite a few proto-furries here, now that I think of it.  #acen
8	@chearn73 thank you  make sure u read the groups description to better understand this project
8	@devyra  do you know if anyone from the believers never die tour is going on warped? i know  i can't wait haha
8	@KhairulHulk @SyamMasri supporting superfly all the way
8	@rkuang i know, right? i'm super-excited - i told y'all this is the busiest time of year for me
8	Hey! Let's Follow each other! Wouldn't that just be awesome!?
8	happy mother's dayy!!! to me andd the rest of the fabulous mommy's out there
8	@psstHOY of course.  jdoramas are the best.
8	brendon thinks i'm lame..but i'm just drunk!
8	I think that's our first proper contact with each other. It was amazing and brought a few tears to my eyes
8	Marking going ok so far A's and B's so far - relieved it looks like I have future programmers in class
8	@BB517 OMJ my sister brought Coldstone cupcakes today instead of a cake to celebrate bdays in family and I was so excited taking pics
8	i can't wait. 2 more days till happiness.
8	Haha. I just won a $1000 bet. I settled for $100.  Not bad.
8	finally bought my new house
8	about to have some cake for my sister's birthday
8	@morningroc Dont worry man. You'll see me just as much this week as you did last week.
8	I need 4 followers to get 100 followers!!  Fallow me!!!  I fallow you back!! ;)
8	Sleepy time..   happy mothers day all u momz
8	@solidmetalsnake that movie is awesome!
8	Yes, I am
8	phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties' updates  but i fixed it
8	@ShanteRowlandd so how is the most wonderful mommy in the world doing?
8	Its sunday morning and birds are chirping. Hoping for the best and praying that its the best.
8	i want to wake up early, and get a coffee tomorrow (today) !  it's going to be a busyy day! but have to keep writing.. booo whoo!
8	@Tiaantjee Name the rest? Let's see. Mystery Jets are pretty cool. Ida Maria AND you shud rly listen to Say Anything!
8	@ALOliver You've got to have standards Alice otherwise were would we be ,,,,,? you got to enjoy life it's what life is for
8	is going to get her ass in gear, have some brekkie then make a start on the kitchen! woo! BBQ later too  Good times
8	All the bike chat, makes me think we should sign up to this http://www.bigbikeride.co.uk @darrenstenhosue @niceguyali @ anyonewithbike
8	@Oreosandcheese That's a great idea
8	ok im about to passs out. tonight was lovely  buenas noches mi gente.. tomorrow we shall party it up again!
8	@ALOliver I am!  going on a hike today!
8	Star Trek is awesome!! Kirk is hot, Spock is cool. It's fun, cool and sexy. Definitely worth seeing. I saw it at the Cinerama.
8	@boelzebub automated porn-downloader would have to know which porn you like. youporn has this new recommendation feature
8	@Natalie_Brown Thank you so much Natalie, hope u are well
8	Made a bomb and it blew in my mouth!..just made the best F*ing dinner!
8	And I'm back, from a sooper dooper, extra bharia, extra dhumchik two day stay at mom's place, yay!  It's a fun fun feelin'
8	Ps Brian just announced his message title, &quot;what is in you will flow from you&quot; My friend replied &quot;cheescake??&quot; Ha!
8	@billingtonart think gone enjoy the beautyy of the nature , maybe sit down anywhere and write a little ,just trying to finish my last pic
8	@okneil welcome home wherever that may be
8	@Neil_Duckett GREAT pic!  How fun!  Love food and wine festivals...well, beer fests too
8	@Mummyofmany Jesus heals
8	Toasted Baked Bean Sandwiches and red wine, a perfect  sunday night dinner combination
8	@Orch1d: i really adore your K-POPPED site ! http://k-popped.com/ haha
8	@JessMcFlyxxx gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
8	@MichelleCorydon Thanks!
8	@ddlovato Good to hear you're bck!! don't let stupid rumours put u down! as long as ur fans r behind you, you got nothing to worry bout  x
8	@jadeofjades www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyJvgnP9-vA sowwwwyy! U girls make me twisted all time
8	@AdistaKim I was going to hidden-file it and you're thinking about youtube? SO NOTT! Lol. Hey put the phone down and more swimming
8	@lilbumbles Happy Mother's Day to the only mother I have on my list!
8	Watching Rugrats  anndd Tweeting, of course!
8	@halden2714 Thank you!
8	@Tiaantjee BTW: Does it offend you, yeah? - We are rockstars. Pretty ok.
8	Good morning   http://bit.ly/Tjvhv
8	got in a fist fight with a old biker guy.......and how dare you even ask, yes i kicked his ass
8	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
8	@vincenthofmann  Yes. But, Cute AND Predictable works for you...
8	@GoonersNato - Aww, yeah, dear Nicky  .
8	@JessMcFlyxxx yeaahh xD i think one of them are dancing!! A little kid! woo!  xx
8	@heartbomb haha i do! that was my fave san-x character. that's rirakkuma.
8	Morning all  Up and at the washing machine already!! Going to mum and dads house to get the house ready for wedding day...busy busy busy
8	@gcrush thank YOU!! You guys did awesome things for my blog tonight  so grateful!!
8	@theasiangoddess thanks for the #followfriday  right back atcha!
8	Getting ready to go study outside while having some fun in such a nice sunny day.
8	@Sharmi A pretty black top with flowers in pink hues
8	@bluecat7  i definitely will , although with the caveat  that i normally only read non fiction..but have more in recent years read novels
8	Is Skyping with family
8	@RealBillBailey Bill, absolutely fantastic programme. Loved the 'cow bell' bit towards the end.
8	Someone just admitted to having a crush on me.. That's cool
8	@Mrjaydeeone thanks for the add  I'll try again signing in later when I get home. If still no such luck then I'll email someone
8	Everything is better with a bag of weed
8	Finally made it through Dead Space, that only took half a year
8	is at work...gettin paid to sit on my arse as there are no guests down yet!! mum is comin up after  eexcited
8	@duck_ily Thanks for coming out, cuz
8	i learnt something new today
8	@fatinee haha  i did! many times before!
8	@angryfaggot, Whered you end up going? I stayed in &amp; watched SNL, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season.
8	@Shannonbabeee Are y'all coming out today??? We could go to the graveyard!!  HOORAYY!!!!!
8	@PeteMoring Well it's nice to 'see' you. Have a great day and tweet again soon
8	@Thea_Smith glad the zoo was fun and you had a great mothers day hun
8	&quot;Completely dishwasher safe, except that the pattern might come off.&quot; Blue Coat humour at its best  Three cheers for Viz
8	@MichaelDalmer It's IQ is high when it comes to knowledge about how to swim round'n'round in the bowl...
8	@shubhamsingal ....nope.. its for the 1st time we invited her at SSM  and she very graceful accepted it !
8	http://tinyurl.com/oqsqz6 Grace's FunZen magic mood tool for keeping her cool in the pool of real life which is now yours too
8	Good morning everyone  It's a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. And now I'm going to write some stuff
8	@bradiewebbstack every time you write a tweet the always make me smile  just had to let you no
8	@sarahnd for nearly a month!!  So exciting
8	@aminorjourney - I did see it...looks so retro!   I wouldn't say no to rerecordings...fans LOVED Given One Change.  You have CS Fans!
8	@kjofficial I'm sure you left the audience awestruck Katherine. Looking forward to reading some wonderful reports.
8	@bradiewebbstack i had had a baked dinner yummy  cant wait for new short stack tv, what kind of dips shall it be?
8	@bradiewebbstack haha sounds like your going to have heaps of fun  xx
8	Was quite amusing watching Pangaea sing &quot;F*** Killah Priest!&quot; I guess he won't be featuring on their album
8	#mikeywayday? Count me IN
8	@ShannonCleary1 sounds like a perfect way to spend a sunday evening. Enjoy
8	Yesterday was AWESOME ! Sunny day, best friends, good food &amp; tons of fun - what more could you ask for ?
8	hey guys  we just wanted to announce a marathon! so, let's just say...GET READY FOR A COUPLE EPISODES!
8	word to yer mother!!   \m/
8	@courtney_ozaki LOL you gooot that riiight!!  i mean, how can you not twatt about something so cool xD
8	Dear journal, i had sex with earl tonight. It was the most amazing thirty seconds of my life!
8	Happy robbie drank a good bit, as long as he doesn't wake up sick
8	had a cracking night last night, don't think i've ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
8	@Cubikmusik ah great  will have a fiddle later and see what I can figure out!
8	@trainright http://twitpic.com/4vgzy - Moving is great, especially if lots of them help.
8	just got eminem tix for friday
8	@chrisaston Woo hoo!! Congratulations
8	I guess I'll use TwitterFox for a while, now
8	@ukcatalogue fabulous combination till A. It arrives, B. The bill comes! Fun chatting to you. Have a good Sunday!
8	up and at work im ina good mood
8	has found a free wifi point ... and it's sunny
8	@mitsuhiko Np mate, was great meeting you in Prague
8	Is up, coffee in hand with laminate floor to lay then Footy to watch and play, living the dream
8	gonna walk around for an hour now :I but I'm totally motivated! Wahahaha
8	@jaztwitta welcome home babe!
8	@wendy_fred6 Awww... :/ I guess that's both good and bad, moving is not an option I guess?  Mhm, so are you, hehe ;) (we have same time?)
8	@ChieriNagase 120mm films usually handled at Fuji  Oh I met a girl at San Diego. Kwento soon. I miss youuu!
8	Fab wedding yesterday, feet still sore from dancing so must be a good sign. V glad to wake up in my own bed this morning
8	@Catboy_Dubai Enjoy sounds idyllic AND Geordiebird has lost her bikini...perfect holiday!
8	is back at home...had a great day  http://plurk.com/p/svkc8
8	just finished watching my copy of the Twilight DVD. Ganda ng mga deleted and extended scenes.  http://plurk.com/p/svkch
8	man only thing i would chng about vegas is those british boys wayyyy to hot
8	Roast was yummy, I think mum was impressed!!!
8	I love being in charge
8	@ememcoolj your face makes people laugh. cause you're so ugly. so you're half-way there
8	barely awake, eating breakfast.. marathon morning!   Good luck to all the racers, and happy Mother's Day!
8	@FindingCeej hala! you're finally here
8	@punnie I don't use it, but I heard that PowerShell is nice
8	I Got it!
8	Sang on xbox lips and drunk beer my weekend rocks so far
8	I think im becoming obsessed with MGMT- kids  &lt;3
8	its ok @samcarterrules saw u with joey thought u looked interesting like the same things on  #SanctuarySunday
8	i dyed my hair back to super black again!
8	@IshraSharif ISHRA!! haha, cassie ventura? ...not after her haircut! where were you yesterday during the beat music awards?
8	Tiesto in Vicky Park - how excellent
8	@TheSUPERGIRL Extremely excited! i'm 15 days behind you
8	watching merlin omg he is cute
8	@bradiewebbstack ooh yay, its been forevs since last ss tv  baked dinner is so good, how yummy. I had prawns  xx
8	F1 &amp; Star Trek...what a great Sunday
8	@TonyEmmerson Sounds nice! If you try the recipe you gotta tell me how it turned out!
8	@KevJaffray you too!  Cloudy day here in Madrid, typical Spring day
8	good day to all of you!! Another lindy day today! Level A, B, FREE tester at 20:00 (Olympiou Diamanti 25, 6th floor, Thessaloniki) !!
8	@Tegs03 bahah that would be really funny she would be really cut haha
8	@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/4so0u - OOO i wish i was her  he's hot
8	&amp;&amp;the night continues!  w/ my fav mazie; kristina; ericka &amp;&amp; robin!
8	chilling
8	@scottrmcgrew I know sleep is so over rated! who needs it, right!
8	@bradiewebbstack Haha  i like you default picture.     Meow.
8	@thirtysix Funnily enough, Roland is President of my social club!
8	Greys Anatomy is so fuckn awesome atm!!
8	@solangeknowles www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UrRxta8doM this was the first 1!
8	Still in bed enjoying the spring  sunshine streaming in the window, woke at 5am rigid, extreme pain and exhausted but i'm positive today
8	the cuckoo is back! this year's model starts chirping  at 11 am instead of 4 am.
8	@DJ_AM Well what can I say - you do look Hot in your pic... That's gotta work for most of us...
8	Wishing @Blacksocialite a Happy Mothers Day
8	@harmonjames You geek!
8	@chelsea_playboy yehh just signed
8	@angryfaggot, Decaf? I can do some teas late but never coffee- Id fly around the room. Justin Timberlake hosted. FUNNY sketch w/ Samberg
8	@hollywoodtv alison is great around miley love to meet her, when you see her can you tell her to give a shoutout to @brad92190  #1 fan
8	I haven't slept this good in such a long time... I feel great.
8	@MyCaribbeanFood enjoy and congrats! thanks for the recipe we'll do it tomorrow morning.
8	Sewing things is nice  I feel crafty and productive. And foxy.
8	@lrpw1302 Thank you  x
8	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
8	Came tantalizingly close to acing a Facebook communism quiz. One question has &quot;I hope Britain will be next communist&quot; as correct answer.
8	@mr_trick It's all good  The next 6 months are going to be awesome.
8	good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
8	getting ready to leave school on wednesday
8	My favourite photo (that I took) from last night: http://tinyurl.com/oto5sz can't wait to see @byronrode's pics
8	Efteling was great, had a nice time with family, had dinner.. forget my keys in the car  hmmm! Bless the ANWB! Back in Germany now
8	I always forget how much fun kyle is!
8	Just woke up. Gonna have a shower and go to Nan's for Mother's day lunch. Happy Mother's day
8	Ah, finally at home in my comfy bed. Goodnight
8	@Sims3Nieuws just have been away for 2 years: not playing sims but World of Warcraft
8	@DeanBenninger God bless you my dear friend...
8	Aly &amp; AJ new album this summer. YAY!
8	@fiercemichi well that's good  and i'm a fast learner. Mmm  Zachary...be prepared 4 me t randomly mention him at any given time. he yummy.
8	im exploring my home xD (back from vacation!) Nice to be @ home!
8	is about to eat a hot link torta!!
8	@laingrithdz Thanks a lot! You're very kind!  I just got back from a nice drive in the 500. Such a fun car to drive  Have a nice day!
8	Mornin world! Hmmm... I was supposed to be up early. Oh well!
8	@vieirasboots - all is fine  thanks! you guys dont have any quakes there?
8	i miss mcfly last night so much!! i was front row centre  danny was making me laugh so much LOL
8	@adneonheart oh my god, i finally found someone online! haha
8	@marginatasnaily Yes, you really should!
8	Proud 2 B a trekkie . The new Star Trek movie RUUULLZZZ
8	@NLiukin OMG so exctied
8	@Takaki_I Yeah poor Yao! Hope u had fun looking at the Lakers JerseyZ haha! Enjoy ur time buddy !
8	yays poker win!  that and sketchy student decided to show up today. lawl
8	the globe theatre rocks.......nothing better than romeo &amp; juliet as it was supposed to be watched
8	the sun is shinning! im off out!!
8	rsvp-ed qiuqiu's wedding invitation
8	@lancearmstrong is that like Planes, Trains, and Automobiles?  Best of luck Juan Pelota.
8	@oohnoo that's great!! weee!! visitors!
8	@laurenwhispers Greenday are coming in December
8	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn!
8	@rebeccamezzino It's a great movie - My best is the Welsh flatmate
8	@supergrassfan Cheers John, thanks for following me. Look forward to your twitterings too. Think this'll be a good place for my rants  xxx
8	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn
8	If EVERYONE constantly retweeted that it would make it!
8	I'm at Cobra, Mexican bird flu hub/gay bar, and hate when they play the 80's mix. Oh shit, FREEZE FRAME
8	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn!
8	just came back from seeing the boat that rocked, it was an amazingly cool movie, definitely getting it on DVD once its out
8	goodnight all in the twitterverse
8	@Eemma http://twitpic.com/2aa0m - So this is where you're getting the $$$ for the island
8	@_NyLana_ An! Happy Mother's Day!
8	good morning folks!   what ya gonna do today? it's mothers day
8	One for the Mum's - HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! &amp; a special mention 4 one of our newest members: @Holly_Jane, Hope @DHughesy was good 4 u &amp; 2 u
8	@forkncork I'll be thinking about how many goals United are going to knock past City. How 'bout you?
8	Is still awake at 5AM but for way better reasons.  A fantastic night with fantastic people... and fantastic food!!
8	Having a cup of tea  I have a cold so it's tasting really good!
8	yesterday was fun.. 1st concert of the year [i know, i'm late xD].. buena vista social club live FOR FREE..
8	Headed home, see yall in the A.M. Tweets
8	still working on my mom's mothers day gift....shh, its a slideshow
8	&quot;Thick as pig shit - went to Oxford&quot; - Helena's (Cantab) friend's description of me to her boyfriend, yesterday...
8	@MariahCarey im kinda tired enough to sleep, but &quot;Migrate&quot; has got me up singing along, haha
8	DH at work, DD7 at party. Seriously thinking of treating DS9 and myself to sushi lunch - after all, it IS Mother's Day here!
8	@sweethoneyguy awww THANK YOU!  you are a great guy too  how's ur weekend been so far?  hugs xxx
8	@spanglegluppet *laughs* I'm glad that you have self confidence - it's a wonderful trait to have  I'll applaud extra loud for it, okay?
8	Have just slept for 14 hours, would have been longer but working this pm
8	@GeekySteph also, try Friendly Fires if you haven't already heard them. great stuff  AND Florence and The Machine. Great, great music
8	@LimeIce Err, I get that  Now, with the TimThumb, what's with the url?
8	Mexican coca cola in a bottle. New favorite thing.  No high fructose corn syrup....  sugar is so awesomely old school.
8	had a cool lil night. Now at Berrie's about to eat pizza waitin for @NOEL4PRESIDENT
8	@xoJennyPennyxo I like too  how are you?
8	the sun is shining and i'm off for a driving lesson
8	has done the ChocoSlam with his brother. As usual, there were some failures.  I finally burnt my tongue. HAHAHAHA! Stupid me.
8	Watching videos on Facebook makes me feel like the biggest creep. Which I guess I am. Also, tweet #200! Woohoo!
8	Paul Scanlon sharing from God's Word this morning, he's sounding a bit hoarse perhaps a touch of *#cold*? It won't hold our Pastor back
8	@noxhanti  LOL --&gt; don't mention it, my pleasure!!
8	lookin forward to jam with DJ Kimosave on the 16th @ The Loft
8	munchin BACON BUTTIES! woohoo!!  my faves!!!
8	Here's @Euan and @stoweboyd at our evening drink on Thursday night in London.  http://twitpic.com/4wrrp
8	Eating a dillybar from DQ! Yuuum
8	@Beverleyknight so is it a day of 'pleasure' for you or is it a Personal Appearance?? all in all, sounds a good day with good weather!!
8	@rv109creek ay buti pa kayo!!!! uy thank you!!
8	just got the bouquet of flowers for my mom  HEHEHE SWEET )
8	@gnomeangel Yep!!
8	Home from work. A few hours of sleep then putting some miles on the new bike.
8	@OhaiGabriella O: aw, frank  i like that movie, it's cool. i don't fully understand, but i think that's cool (:
8	@achurches why yes ... a bag of goodies  lol
8	@BrianMcnugget rofl that's what we like to hear
8	This is for all of you ppl! The 1 year Anniversary Video. http://is.gd/ysbs more to come after the break
8	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
8	@telesilla Indeed. Thanks for sharing that! Now I can go to sleep giggling. Night!
8	I WANT RED CRUISERS!!  i don't like the other ones. LMFAO!
8	Stitches out. Very brave boy, no anesthetic, just cbeebies to dull the pain.
8	Good Morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
8	I love waking up and thinking it's a weekday, but then realizing it's the weekend.
8	@littledeaths Thank you  xx
8	New toys.
8	@sethu_j 4ever, it was in she's the man aswell  I love them now. I want gossip girl too! Have decided summer = spending lots.
8	@FlissTee Oh, fabulous ta.  I'm with the coffee too, obviously, although my cup is not large enough to embrace which is its deficiency.
8	@Lee_bandoni Ok, see you at da climbing
8	Just got home. So glad I decided to go out. Yay for new friends. Yay for a hug from my crush. Happy
8	good morning twitterworld!  slept too less..
8	if u have a friendster add me!!!!!!!!!        my email adress      add me  loco_crime_1st@yahoo.com        add me leave some comment
8	@moonfrye Happy Mothers Day
8	Still awake lol Finished talking to a really good Brawl player. We talking in SmashSpace.ning.com  Join the website if you like SSBB!
8	Hello twitting world!  We are off to best buddies bbq  but untill then Jay z is on Spotify
8	Perfect night. Best month of my life so far!! You my boo, @RyanFeero
8	@dougiemcfly hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop.... hope ur lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
8	@devyra hahahaha definitely!  still writing?
8	Yay! Go wyattt your totally amazing'!'! Im So happy for you.  yay
8	@JayJager well donkey has his own appeal, for sure.
8	Had the best night I've had in a while.
8	@brgd oh cool you are coming to berlin    ! ! !
8	@ParentByNature that is so lovely
8	@whitepaws_husky Thank you!  And I hope karma beats those fuckers into the ground.
8	up and reading the (maltese) sunday newspaper over coffee... Aaaah.. Glorious Sundays
8	Finally going home! Its been a long night.. Ready to crash and have awesome dreams
8	a surprisingly good day, now its time to sleep. hopefully sweet dreams await me
8	Goooood beer tiiiimes
8	HEY TWEETERZ. GO ON ITUNES NOW &amp; BUY @JoshBkelley and @ryan_cabrera 's NEW HIT SINGLE &quot;TELL IT LIKE IT IS&quot;
8	she is only 2 years and she's the funniest thing when she is dancing! she's sooo happyyyy!
8	@InfamousDolly oh yeah them too. LOL
8	meeting up with strangers. lol. alone in vegas. amazing.
8	Yeah for Smallville, my late night savior. It's the one where Clark meets young Flash, total awesomeness
8	@mslittlekho love this one, especially the shoes  anyway, gmn punya acc lookbook ya? http://lookbook.nu/look/92920
8	@DannysGhirl hehe i found ya
8	@Storm_Crow Morning!
8	@katherineclare australian hardcore/metalcore scene is amazing right now. look up third strike and chelsea smile. AND BMTH IN 7 DAYS
8	@BrianMcnugget excellent  looks like you'll have some twitterific competition
8	Off to work
8	@frama_c Oh yeah. Point taken
8	@24kphotography Thank you! I appreciate that.
8	is at my grandma's place with my mum, celebrating mothers' day in 3 generations. The 4th will come
8	@russellburnham  nice one
8	@marinasmom Yucky! We had our last soccer game of the season today...tryouts start Friday
8	Season 2 of The Wire, done! Kinda weak compared to the first season but I expected that... Still good though  Season 3 here I come!
8	@justineville that's what i did with my other friends dati e. i could totally do that.  Lian, Eina, Gelli, you, Zero &amp; Francis. we'll fit!
8	@JfB57 good morning
8	It's so awesome to know that there are people who think I have what it takes to make it in Nashville, and who offer to help if I want it.
8	not at work today .i have my car back she is perfect  going random shopping later .
8	I have Vampire Knight  music!!!  I feel very special..
8	@Jadeyyg http://twitpic.com/4wrxq - whens your little gingg getting twitter ? from g + j
8	@sookyeong u mean VIP this time ? coz of the KBS thingy ? haha..
8	going to get waterguns from tesco today   haha.   its sunny.
8	@sentimentalizzy lady in the water is pure bs, but i remember enjoying his other films.
8	Is having a BBQ today!
8	And the Sun is shinning.........at last
8	Bumping dj opus in the drunk in the car.  lmao. Don't act like u don't know.
8	doing some DIY- I'm dying mg clothes black again...save some money
8	she's smarter and classier. she's perfect for him. and, IM NOT.
8	Tidied &amp; hoovered the whole flat - and all b4 10am today  Now we're heading out2 German bakery 4 breakfast followed by a walk in the park
8	@musicalmover @shotbeak got my grubby paws on a live recording of paramore. you have to hear. its better than chocolate
8	Guten Morgen/ Good Morning/
8	somebody smuggle me to sydney, i'll be your slave for eternity
8	Had fun 2nite...i was pleasantly surprised
8	Mcfly evolution for the 4th time round
8	just woke up...feelin a lil better  &lt;3
8	I'm still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. Having a nice time!
8	http://twitpic.com/4ws3m - I love family guy  2 hours of work to go..
8	@camilleprats Happy Mother's Day!
8	have you ever met a guy thatv was everything you want and need but you never really went for it w/ him ? g'nite Daddy
8	Out for ultimate training. looking forward to the sunset!
8	@MandyPandy32 Thanks hon!! Project Bra starts today!
8	looks like yet another beautiful day in London
8	can't be arsed to get out of bed  hello sunshine
8	@natsnapper Thanks   Our little girl just loves animals so all the 'oohs' and 'aahs' were very cute!
8	Got me a dark red hair dye, going to get some bleach
8	going to head to bed now finally...goodnight! Hopefully my dreams will consist of ravishing things, such as: Zachary Quinto.
8	going to a garden centre today. should be funn :/ currently drinking egyptian spice tea and watching hollyoaks
8	Is gonna go for a shower  goin to see hannah Montana laterz woo well excited
8	@shiraabel going through your tweets right now, probably missed all the good ones in the last 4 hours
8	@Jonas_babe woo! im getting mine on monday,cant wait  x
8	@BB517 LOL...I think it's safe to say that we are not alone in our thinking!
8	had a shitload of fun with her friends
8	@symphnysldr  you have every right to feel like a crazy fanboy! jason mraz and james morrison? the jealousy is tangible
8	Cant stop playin' in my head  -- pussycat dolls jai ho ellen degeneres [HD] http://bit.ly/HxLfm
8	Listening Maroon 5 .... &quot;Songs About Jane&quot; is one of my favourite albums in time
8	@mitchalbom. very much enjoyed your &quot;whats in a name&quot; article
8	just had cheese on toast with ham (: about to get ready to go to LONDON!
8	@f_nadzirah thanks!
8	@timz_twitz lol...hiiii yourself. Maybe lay off the patron and down a bottle of water!
8	@firequinito From the champion team in the defunct MBA, Cebu Gems!
8	watching run fat boy run...haha its soo funny.
8	sooo pleased the sun is shining today! garden here I come
8	@onlyvicky Would you believe that I'm done with homework for the rest of my life?
8	@Misstaken77 did you go out last night???? My Girls' Night In was fab, everyone made an effort dressing up
8	@sarahfloss went with john grisham instead... she was very pleased &amp; never suspected a thing, lol. hope tomorrow is a better day for you
8	there is never anything on tv, on sundays. CAN'T WAIT for america
8	@gentlerabbit Awesome!  I'm glad they didn't screw it up!  I'll let you know Monday where we are going to watch it.
8	14 days until Boyzone
8	is in a good mood
8	What a perfect sunday morning!! Sun is shining, i feel so good - time for a perfect breakfast !!
8	@geehall1 LOL! I had a peek at http://geehall.blogspot.com it's coming along nicely  I totally understand about leaving the set quiet too.
8	@JasonBradbury YES! but keep them coming
8	Our kids are both in a Derbyshire schools string concert at the Buxton Opera House today. They're both quite excited
8	@NovaWildstar  Damn right!
8	OMG i'm so happy as now,thanks to Micheal Sheen (aka Aro)  i know that the photoshoot for the volturi has been done!!! happies!!
8	just joined twitter thanks to my M&amp;M!
8	Reading my book in the sunshine, goona be a good day
8	@bbrownnewcolleg congratulations!
8	is relaxing after working on Mothers Day.  Oh well. A good day had.  Hope you are all well
8	finally synced iPod
8	catching up on my teevee shows.
8	@affascinare hehee!! yea its supposed to sound mean.. hahhaa
8	awesome milkshakes, i had areo mint,. we just blended it up, it was like a lumpy smoothie  so then we did some more chattering and ...
8	@saltyshutter cool beans, yeah man - no prob at all
8	@britneyspears thanks for following me, hope all is well and cant wait to see you in australia when ya come.
8	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
8	Happy mother's day @mrskutcher
8	@tkpleslie Have a friend that calls me &quot;Mother Earth&quot; when ever he seems me. Nurturing is second nature to some. (me) Have God Babies.
8	Happy mothers day to all u milfs out there.
8	@teamellyn sounds cool! Liverpool's ace, especially if you like the beatles cos there's museums and shops dedicated to them
8	@JasonBradbury Not addicted, just sociable.
8	@RODSMACK_10k much appreciated!  yeah, it sure is a challenge and a great reward. wouldn't trade it for anything.
8	@novahalle i love everrything from breadtalk  i would eat the whole place if i could
8	@bugmum oh and twas my very brilliant idea if I do say so myself  what can I say i'm an ideas woman
8	Boarding the USS Enterprise.. Warp speed ahead!   #fb
8	@victorglenn saw your pics, so awesome!
8	@markng Sounds like a plan. Nice to see some positive thinking though rather than the usual &quot;media is dead&quot; tosh
8	@iamkhayyam Haha, i came home from a long night out, and all i saw on Tweetie was Khayyam Wakil. I usually don't announce and shit - LOL
8	@fixxatedstar Aww, thank you Soulmate! Haha.
8	I like @catep36 already  (new follower to join in midst of zombies mayhem)
8	@LittleFletcher hey ive seen the musical live its funny lol
8	just came back home from NE gig, another fun night skankin...what a workout!
8	Hi, i was just getting up now so i tought i could write something. Today i'm gonna go shopping! Soo fun, isn't it?
8	@Sera030 heya  40 hour famine starts on may 22nd - are you gonna take part?
8	happy mother's day to all mom's out there!!  we gave our mom a rose and we treat her to max's restaurant..how about yours?
8	At the avenue, raining  so cool
8	Lovely hubby has just spray tanned the back of my legs for me so hopefully won't look like an allsort for much longer!!
8	@daveg38 You really are always dirty!!! Ha ha!!!! Do you have a sex addiction???
8	Justin Timberlake, How You can easily become a reiki master?  at http://tinyurl.com/reiki88
8	@wp101 Cheers! will do
8	@newtoid oh jealous. Though you're missing the fried potato bread
8	@NovaWildstar Nothing of the sort! Nevertheless, I shall now go out and share my magnificence with the wider world!
8	@LJsBaby Hahaha...gutted !! it's his birthday soon,so he'll have to wait until then. haha
8	@sallyLFC I did my best, it is Sunday after all
8	coraline was scary yesterday, didn't puke luckily.  ahaa. 1 week &amp; 1 day till i'm 14 baby
8	@louiiseeeeee LMFAO. omgosh when i first heard that song with you,i felt like i was gonna pee myself, OMGOSH THE WALTZER MAN!  lol xoxo
8	Is A Very Happy Bee, She Is Starting To Feel Better, &amp; Cant Wait For Her Birthday, what is 23 days
8	@BridgetSupple  you have been busy, have a lovely time
8	@SamBennington hey Samantha welcome  and happy mother's day!!
8	I feel better today.
8	@mbrevoort Thanks - that works a treat  Need to post that xml really though - thinking about how to emulate rails' ActiveResource
8	i definitely win at life
8	Just got back from Kuantan Had sooooooo much FUN
8	http://bit.ly/sJDLp  - Great Song! Cobra Starship Feat. Leighton Meester
8	On our way to take photos at the park
8	wooo am recovering from running race for life yest!!! i managed 36 mins 44secs, not bad for absolutley no trianing
8	awake and ready to learn a little more
8	bought awesome shooeessss
8	Is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today
8	@JeffTracey forward to starting teaching new students all about hypnosis, will have plenty of laughs I'm sure
8	@bluevolvic  awesome   I'll have to keep a look out for it!
8	@itslauraaa Yeah i like it
8	@TaurinH I agree, it truly is the coolest/best thing I do everyday. I definitely wouldn't trade it for anything. Dads FTW!
8	Just downloaded a podcast @ the bus stop
8	Omg,... just had the best roast ever! but now im full haha,..
8	finally home!! tomorrow is day 2 of &quot;Amazing&quot;.
8	@Moonchild66 I'm sure It will be repeated soon, seems to be on  TV quite a lot lately. Glad you mentioned it last night, watched it again
8	@ichliebexdich  hhahaa!    its well strange just woke up to an empty house ahah  lolllllyyyyyyyy&lt;3 love that dog
8	morning  football today! thinking of learning some Applescript
8	@Serenity265 Thanks hun! Next time we'll all go again
8	@SubClub I was, I took your advice and it was most enjoyable  I am too small to be out alone or I would've just come over lol
8	@sharkara dunno. Maybe the flu. I feel a bitbetter now.
8	@azdog they already are in my books
8	Off to the Dream World to battle the evil Spork Horde.  Later, folks.
8	did some more work on Dig Dug. can get to level 16 without dying now  Mega Man tomorrow after work. Goal: 2 levels in 5 minutes
8	@Jamie_127 good morning  one m,ore day YAY! #TwitterTakeover
8	yay playing scattegories and being random with Joel, May &amp; Sherman
8	went to church with @JessAttack t'was different lol
8	Now I KNOW my shares are up...have 7 followers...wonderful!   The sun is now shining brightly in 'darkest Africa'...
8	Driving fast is SO much fun. I went 80 in a 25. Hahaha. Goodnight!
8	@clairemaxwell i know that feeling way too well - have a nice walk
8	watching americas next top model yah haha
8	@wendy_fred6 It's REALLY cool! No, I'm on a PC now, I don't have a Mac  well I do but it's ooooooooold  I do have an iphone tho
8	My phone is ultra fast now with all the latest firmware updates installed!
8	had an amazing night with the girls
8	FacePanda is cool
8	@Misstaken77 always good to polish off a few in the comfort of your own home  Nothing mischevious went down, just a fab night gossiping...
8	@caitiejayne ok sick which date suits u they are thursday night friday night and sat night i think laast 3 nights get in quick
8	Heading to the office through a very quiet Stockholm, at least its not sunny
8	#f1 soon  good luck brawn and mclaren fix up look sharp :p
8	@Celebritymound peep this remix from &quot;The Wu Dynasty&quot; remix tape its delayed but this will give u a idea
8	had the best weekend EVER  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
8	@a_web_designer Lookin' good, mate
8	@LollyDaskal Notebook ...what a marvellous film
8	You follow me , I follow you. As simple as that
8	Lazy sunday is finally here
8	@AmyMeredithband amy meredith has a soccer team? well i also have news about soccer. my team won aswell!!  xx
8	@SeanTheROBOT  Good Evening!~
8	Heading of to the theatre! Having a show tonight, I'm so exited!
8	@Narelle_NZ busy,fun mother's day thanks  got what I wanted...a Wii Fit!!! Yay
8	Awake. Husband snoring faintly by my side. So happy
8	I have new slippers! They are piggys! So so cute and very warm
8	Excited for Rove tonight! Jennifer Garner and Gina Riley!
8	@laraslattery Lara, thank you so much 4 the #FF recommend!
8	@mmmonkman Nice one. Hahaha  Thanks for last night &lt;3
8	it's the last day  in lonesometown
8	goes to church  hallelujah!
8	@GoldenFish00 Thxx!! I was in the bathroom when you said it..
8	@Susie_Nutbar Good morning  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
8	ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum, drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner??? i have.... fun times all round  hahah
8	@SarahJacinta Thanks!
8	Beer pong  at 6am  with jess
8	@LeMonjat Hehe, funny (the midget thing) ! Cheer up Alex, and wave from below  Is it that you are in Germany right now? .. or in Spain? ;D
8	So so happy to be with @theblackqueen - she even makes doing laundry wonderful
8	@MileyCyrusRox25 iam eating pizza, want some??? haha..
8	Two days in country victoria and my stress is gone! I think I left her there to fend for herself
8	@fnyc At least you're getting closer to normal bedtime. Enjoy your trip. Keep us updated. Sweet dreams
8	@Meshel_Laurie Your father is a lucky man! He sounds like a fighter
8	Dinner with the family. Watching wild child in the car
8	I'm feeling higher than Mt Everest
8	@masterballerina yeah, it's all teased up into this boofy bit...i'm buying red hair extensions btw
8	Shhhweeeet-jay-z, bros back from from prom
8	morrrning! the last day of a random but awesome weekend, gonna round it off in dbar style!  good timezzz.
8	@furlongthedog Welcome to Twitter  I hoped it wouldn't be long before you saw the light and joined us!
8	enjoying the sun with daddy, learning for englisch exam, watching gilmore girls
8	At home about to go to sleep! Goodnight twitter world!
8	@paula_mcfly Haha! Yeah, I heard they that Leicester won  I was home by my self, with a movie, some candy and a pizza.. ! Amazing evening
8	Packing up for the trip to Ascari track, thank you Bacardi
8	Watched GossiP.Girl. Dan's so funny, haha.
8	Good morning
8	@Ste1987 relax, relax and relax a bit more  bbq today maybe? How about you?
8	is celebrating her 21st birthday
8	@Dr_Jared you guys can match... cute!  PS when are you visiting LA?!
8	@NinjaFanpire Anytime! I'm off ~ I can't match your stamina... my nice, warm, comfy bed is calling (screaming) my name...lol Night Ninja!
8	i like this new trend ,  who's next ? http://tinyurl.com/qcy8d4
8	going to bed happy mothers day people
8	@heycassadee I can't wait to see yall Friday !!!! I hope I meet u guys!! That would make the night even better
8	@AgonisingNewt morning Newt...hope you are well!
8	@fawcett94 - I'm not letting Reach sink. Thats for sure. I'm still presenting and joint HON! Owens Mon 8pm-10pm &amp; I'm Sat 2pm-4pm
8	It's sunny and I feel really well today!  Yippeee!
8	@IntelliCAD Perfect! Thank you.  &lt;3&lt;3
8	Good morning!! Gonna clean the house a bit, then maybe clean some more, then do nothing for the rest of the day
8	is chillin' with my hangover, hollyoaks and a plate of chips....sunday mornings
8	Good morning everyone
8	@michaelmeloni Yes! Join us! All we require is a cupcake donation...
8	@JasonBradbury nice on the jet ski testing! Hope the book is going well. Cheers for adding me, got twitter after watching the gadget show
8	Listening to Weightless by All Time Low. Thanks to @Katarinahj for making me listening to it!
8	just gott home from work and now relaxing
8	finally made it to the QC...happy mother's day!  got my car!!
8	sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep
8	@strandell that was several days ago! it was great though
8	@BrianMcnugget I was sleep for all that and missed the fun! Hey DG.  lets play another gammme brian
8	preparing to visit a friend  And we're gonna watch Twilight! Yay!
8	is really enjoying my weekend soooo much  hope u all are .
8	@NajiahYahya YEAY!. haha. thank you so much jiah
8	morrisons here i come!
8	I'm so pleased with myself. I actually managed to run the whole 4km mothers day classic without stopping
8	has just joined the twitter community
8	#SanctuarySunday awesome news about the Leo Awards for Sanctuary, looks like they got 4 out of the 10 they were nomintated for, not bad!
8	just had the first lie-in in months  it was great. now for mooching about the house
8	can't wait to make that call tomorrow. gotta keep moving forward!
8	@hypnophil  it's looking bright, so I think the sun will put in an appearance, and then guess what - lawn wants cutting !!
8	http://twitpic.com/4wssx - Don't be cross. Just jamming.  X
8	@ThetaHealerMaya u're welcome...thank YOU for sharing such excellent content
8	@RocknRollQueene @Loretta_aston Welcome to Twitter! Let me know if you have any questions, would love to help.
8	aw taxi man is going fast just for meee
8	@ruthieor THANKS!
8	As of today, @Peek_a_Bo0 and I have been going out for two years. Best two years ever
8	Enjoying my Mommy Day!!!!
8	watching finding nemo with my nephew so cute!
8	is up for lots of revision today and then out toniight
8	@megatronnn Drinking alone after working til 10 PM can be relaxing, or made better by adding one fun person to laugh with.
8	@MyAppleStuff oh he is so cute... is he in uniteddogs.com? Poppy is there
8	@redheadlori Happy Mothers Day!
8	uploading photos to myspace from musical i was just in
8	@officialTila tilaaa just make you feel so special  haha haters now days
8	Weetabix and Choco milk  Yum!
8	Jogged in the forest with Nina. Heavy wind reminded I need to set up some turbines: free electricity.
8	@jenifel Aww thanks! I am indeed graduating on Friday. Just 4 finals stand between me and freedom...or Teach for America and law school
8	Pegel..cape ya keliling kuil..but,totally awesome!was amazed by the temple,culture,ambience..truly amazing thailand
8	Finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now time to realx!!
8	Toast in the morning
8	so this my last week of school then finals yesss
8	@mileycyrus i think it's fun, you gotta hide, and defend from your enemy, fun huh?
8	@jonbongato haha it will be interesting haha
8	Hmm... It's my birthday tomorrow... Fun!
8	@Ganga108 my pleasure, its a great recipe
8	@McGiff Thanks for sharing that
8	Woo hoo.  Sun outside might be able to get some sunset shots tonight...  fingers crossed!!!!
8	@sexysapphire Thanks, I love it
8	It's raining cats and dogs in Gda?sk today , looks nice 'though through a window
8	@kiwi_from_hell @sporkess how's monday for you?
8	@purdyboy thank you! i was just playing that a moment ago, actually! a very different, even more chill version.  *spooky*! haha.
8	@kjarrett Thanks for tweeting a very useful set of refs - I'm in the middle of adding them to a chapter I'm editing
8	In about 2 hours from now i will find out how good the STAR TREK Film from J.J. really is. A Ticket costs 9 Euro and i hope its worth it
8	my first moms day as a mom  now im off to long island to see my mommy  &lt;33 HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
8	Buongiorno !!! woke up and of for my Italian lunch
8	Enjoying &quot;Gears of War&quot; on my PC ! This game is really gooooood
8	Mother's Day breakfast is over, getting back to work now. Back on Rails
8	Hour til lunch, can't wait. Ima go to Mcd's
8	@nick_ebru thank you for the link...very cool...see you on monday!!!
8	OMG I FINISHED MY HISTORY CHILDRENS BOOK!!!! JUST NEED 2 MAKE IT PRETTY AND PRINT IT OFF AND IM DONE!!! WHOO!!!
8	enjoyed yesterday Star Trek. Awesome movie! With great actors - I prefer Karl Urban as Dr. Leonard &quot;Bones&quot; McCoy  Live long and prosper!!
8	@dorothyjburt very well, nothing flash - but different to chocolate 4 a change. good 2 meet U yesterday  gr8 atmosphere &amp; discussion
8	@Joshwaleigh    i did on my walk home. it looks amazing
8	@cssglobe thanks Alen, it seems that we can only submit community news, is this an error, or must we prove ourselves
8	@monabarry yeah whatever, so that means he was chatting about me all night then, lol
8	Good morning!! It's 12:00, I think it's time for breakfast!!
8	@aditya page genny to rescue you
8	@StevieWynn good morning. How is my favourite pcso today?
8	[Sarah Mcglaclan song in background] Please donate to jpnnbak' fund of &quot;Dinero for the cable bill&quot; think of how you will make her
8	First sleep then spending the day with mom since it's mothers day and all. There might even be Chinese.
8	is back...been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother's day, to all you mama's out there
8	Lady Gaga - Poker face (acoustic)  is really really good, she really can sing
8	Had a good time out , now I must sleep lol. Gym &amp; dance rehearsals in like 5 hours,
8	@mattcampagna You know, your updates are really amusing.  How was the prop auction?How much did that baseship bed go for?
8	@GayAdoptionDad please do  I'll settle for cheap cider for meeting deadline. Have you seen our new blog at www.havealovelytime.com?
8	@GGEastLDN im cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
8	Good morning all! Its a fabulous morning here!
8	@sassij That's good to hear - morning
8	time to do some revision while listening to @direngrey albums non-stop all day, again!
8	my mum was really happy about her pretty small present^^ oh wow tomorrow we can test one of her presents: one of the pasta recepies
8	Surveying my NEW LAWN from the upstairs window!
8	going to watch a dvd with hubby,'Eagle Eye', twit u all 2morrow, cia
8	@LittleFletcher I saw the play of it here, it was amazing
8	2 days till birthday! I just hope the weathers good!! And it best be good on thursday and friday! Otherwise il scream! happy b'day keiron
8	Singing along to MyChem.
8	@JennaIsWriting You've got a deal!
8	@b50 heheh ....qualifying was pretty exciting tho  ..
8	is Chillin', listening to Tunes
8	Hanging out at cousin's house, getting a manicure and pedicure.  Then off for some beauty sleep...
8	http://skipall.com/8p.png  The come apart easy enough
8	@KimmiMcFly i think it starts at  7.30 with that david archuleta  i might just throw glitter all over myself aha xx
8	http://twitpic.com/4qfl3 - haha^^ I love it
8	@HairBoutique Thanks, btw which men's hairstyles are in right now? I'm growing my hair long  anyway hope you are having a good weekend!
8	haha gunna go buy a whole bunch of emo/punk clothes
8	@SabrinaNorris they were lushh wernt they, i managed to keep up to lol aww they were amazing  xxx
8	I meditate, I feel I am vast, very vast.  do you know it?what do you think about?
8	@alucinari Moral support for students
8	learning to play guitar is one of the best things I have done out of boredom
8	Hope all the mums out there had a wonderful day    my kids know me, I got a game for my DS and weights for my wii fit... woo hooo
8	Wake up x.x But tired. On this moment i listing some music for make me happy and let me wake up
8	busy exam week coming up! always look on the bright side of life  *whistle*
8	@rssanborn true, depends on the couple  Personally we've found adding more has increased the fun &amp; increased our bond
8	ahhhaaaaa is gunna get straight back on it!
8	@skdev I left that for people to complete
8	flu or allergy??? ... Doesn't matter, just try to squeeze my Sundayyyy
8	Is listening to Prima j - rockstar so dang catchyy
8	Picked up a Jesse Lacey/Kevin Devine/Grace Read bootleg off the net from their acoustic tour, it's really good
8	@RollinsWallace hahaha, as cartoon mascots go, the virl.com monster has some very nice details... a good shadow + realistic tonsils.
8	@miraihl Sounds like you're in for a great day!  Enjoy
8	off to westend now, enjoying the sun.
8	Good morning Tweeple of the sun! What you all up to?
8	happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies on twitter
8	OK. Done with Sunday morning findings. Time to enjoy the sunny day
8	Sitting on my sunny balcony and learning for the Dutch exam
8	Up at 6am on Sunday... Going to meet my mom for breakfast at the beach!
8	@TheSimsHub I'm going to kill the person who should have went down to Manchester for me.  (only kidding; don't want the police on my door)
8	@Orli @Snapily you are now famous in Houston, take a look  http://is.gd/ysAh
8	Good Morning Everyone
8	Enjoyed the new Star Trek movie last night.  I want to see it again!    Up and ready to work... on SUNDAY!  BLAH!
8	Senior ball was hella fun!!!  good night!!!
8	@danielradcliffe Nice to see you tweeting!  It's Sunday 10th May and we're celebrating Mother's Day here today. So be nice to yer Mom
8	Just got home from another wonderful night
8	@devyra haha i love both of them too  hmm.. lol i'm in need of some good bands too
8	@NYBabe No ways. If you can nab a youngster, go for it! My best friend swears by younger men - apparantly they can go for longer too!
8	just made a South-Korean email pal. Happy!
8	Happy mother's day to all moms!
8	@dannymasterson the honesty's to much...........  Sorry couldn't resist;)
8	Nighty night, ya'll!    Tweet Dreams!
8	Good Morning! Looking Forward To Listening To THE PRODIGY On Radio 1 Big Weekend.  Brought Their Album Yesterday!! =P AMAIZE Tbqh. x
8	good morning  finally a day of sunshine for my summer hol!  away to watch the footie in the sun  x
8	in Singapore! its so warm over here! Having a blast already
8	Star Trek.. Did not disappoint!  5 star!!
8	changed my picture on my profile in friendster
8	Hello everyone im just sitting here rocking out to 9412 sam on the air The best classic rock station on twitter here
8	@LeoWolfe Haha! Night man, and no, but Im sure I'll meet her again in my lifetime, in fact I will...no doubt about it.
8	ok all, bedtime for this bonzo! i just got done with my math homework and my brain is done for the day. Nite nite  have a great day!
8	support @jessicastrust trust and honor all your moms!  support #matternal health. happy moms day:  http://bit.ly/Bpekk
8	Just like the old days  drinkin at the old spot .
8	@cydonian why? i enjoy fancy meals on my own smtimes, thr's joy in solitude, u can REALLY enjoy the food &amp; it's lk a date with the world
8	hmmm dollhouse sounds pretty good, http://bit.ly/z3aZv  i think ima download it and try watching it
8	@beautyholic woohoooo ;) to BOTH! retail therapy and surprise visits  two things i love.
8	http://twitpic.com/4wt8a - pretty damn good friday night
8	Just got home from another amazing night
8	last sunday before going home!
8	Gloomy day can't stop my bliss.  I hope Ronaldo will score in derby match today.
8	@wow_its_sarah Congrats Sarah!!!!! thats awsum
8	ok peeps have good morning I'm going to bed   @ClickedApps hit me up later
8	@11hunabku11 Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
8	@dahntay OMG that dunk on Dampier was MASSIVE! Big ups!!! Love it...
8	partying in the study room
8	@junebugshhh life is funny and ironic at the same time isn't it?
8	On the way to see my grandparents
8	@RobM67 I just retweeted your jesus post as it made me laugh... don't worry, wasn't a subliminal code
8	Just taking my dad in law for a Sunday stroll down Old Leigh  a beautiful morning, say Hi to Morris LOL  http://twitpic.com/4wt8k
8	Hurray for old friends with beer and lady friends!!!!
8	hope schools gonna be good tomorrow
8	@BrookeAmanda YEP  it'll be awesome to the max =] haha
8	Went to a Muslim marriage for the first time in my life. Came back with my stomach full of tasty briyani. Really like it very much.
8	@mrated Yeehah, quality
8	finishing off a quick magazine article for CAP, can't wait to get it done and get back to the book
8	@paigeebaby hahahah lols you have fun with that aye  i had the div too ) the experience but i love my spongebob ) (L)
8	Hey, hey, happy mother's day!  http://plurk.com/p/svwii
8	had an awesome time with @spotspot85 and @xerovoltage
8	Yummy, 2 tacos at Jack In the Box
8	@quicheismadness  thanks for following!  pretty complicated id you have there lol
8	Great exercise for a Sunday morning: &quot;stopping the wheel of karma&quot; (R.A.W.) and transforming negativity into love... Life!
8	@howie_d  I'm really happy for u n leigh  thnx for sharing this happiness with us, this means the world to us all!  love ya! Marta
8	Up,dressed, and out the house for 11 am on a Sunday. Off to see the fishy fishys
8	@skeetonmytwitts its slimy but its fun
8	I am currently doing a few posts on my business blog http://venturefile.com  check it out if you like it
8	Happy Mother's Day
8	@kyoisorange ok ermm I'll meet you in the gym at half four then
8	@jmlares ...actually find something they'll like. it's easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though
8	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY!!!!
8	Good morning to the world. Hope everyone is ok
8	Lan Poker is so much fun!!!!  Someone help me remember ki compre chal raha hai abhi!!!!
8	@enfant_terrible haha, that was new  the fact that he couldn't do it should have cost his part. What kind of Spock is that!
8	@Elliot79 I don't think I can bear such cuteness this early in the day! Kudos to Fair Empress
8	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
8	has just discovered a great site!
8	it's nice to see my #euruko pictures (http://twurl.cc/xd1) on the big screen during a conference break
8	I'm eating and chatting on my computer.. Really bored! -_- I think I'm going to have some tea, HAHA.  Listning to 80's music! WOOHO &lt;3
8	@vixx1983 haha so the whole worlds there then lol
8	On the home stretch now, by Friday night I'll be piss drunk and finished my exams!
8	@chasepino ur funny  gnight
8	@_anh Hmm, tasty!  Going to have curry rice with peas probably. ;)
8	alright, rawknroll.net live on radio23.org - next 2 hours of vivid spring to summer music  rawk on and enjoy!
8	@caromans Would applaud self-validation for all sorts of good theological, psychological &amp; sociological reasons. But agree - lighten up!
8	Just found out I'll be a Food Engineer in a future life. Cool. *iPhone app called Afterlife
8	going shopping with my mammyy.... my makeup and face are being generally quite nice to me today
8	@CeeCeeJayez episode 17 season 1, i love chuck bass.  who's going to the short stack filming next sat? Im making a flag. ;D
8	likes heavenly blushhhh
8	@SherriEShepherd Hey Sherri! Thanx 4 da messages Wondering if u could follow me? Plzzzz
8	@f2point4 oh, that is very nice!! I will do something nice next week ~ going to Madrid next weekend for few days
8	@rudedoodle thankyou
8	Almost ready to leave the house to head to WTHR!
8	Good morning, to all the mommies happy mothers day.  Now I am off the pull the cats tail.  I know she likes it
8	@AndreaKoeln I listen it right now - so much fun!!!  No I just have to get it somehow
8	summer clothes panic over..I see rain clouds !!  still going swimming though..I'm feeling in a holiday mood
8	@sruthykumar hahaha totally  yaayy i don't feel so alone on twitter
8	@itsonlywords You're welcome!
8	@pntbtrkisses a midwest girl, lol....so close and yet so far
8	my miss doesn't read my tweets so she wouldn't know that the emo guy won #dsds
8	@CandyWWGM well, as i mother &amp; grandma i am a bit in a kidding mode
8	Made it home..Night my twitties
8	finally home  crazy party 2nite! thanks @jacksterlope 4 driving me home!
8	@ecjulie You're welcome...
8	is very shocked and feeling sick... but happy all the same
8	like why the fuck am i still up...maybe because im drunk as hell and had a great time tonight..shit was crazy
8	AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you
8	I wish  I could choose what bands played trash on june 20th...hmmm!!!
8	just installed Windows 7 RC, so far no mushroom cloud yet.
8	My Rishloves make me smile: @rishlooband ...
8	@ROAR_Fear_Me Doing very well thank you very much - spending a lot of time behind the PC but with a focus and determination
8	@aanneeB ok  i kinda thought so... i mean those 2? ... it would be funny though.
8	Hoedown throwdown- all I can say is... I'm getting there!
8	@TheLakersNation Game 3 today. Oh YA.
8	Good morning! Driving to work
8	http://twitpic.com/4wtii - new hair going to greeattt use!
8	@MikeyNEF mmmm... looks so yummy! good seeing u
8	YES! I DONE IT! at last.  my homework is ready dx and i can go waaalkiiing because the sun is shining ^^ oh yeah.
8	Happy Mother's Day !
8	Good morning everybody !!
8	@decadentdecay Chica! Two more days!  I want the US Elle too.
8	@LucyKD lmao, im only joking mate
8	Thanks all for coming out tonight, hope ya had fun!
8	Oh, I've just watched the third episode of JONAS, it's awesome.
8	@Boothamshaw i dont really know..i saw it on the gadget show about something thatmakes messages easier to find or something thank you
8	Off to have a sumptuous Mexican meal!
8	@davidleibrandt good to know you had fun
8	derby day! woooo, come on UNITED!
8	Completely EXCELLENT Dave Matthews concert! Jason Mraz opened &amp; I heard &quot;stay or leave&quot; &amp; &quot;crush&quot; for the first time live
8	early morning golf on a sunny day
8	@ManBag79 awww I love me some charlies  we are enjoying some lucky food LOL
8	mozart's requiem!
8	@mopedronin come to kyoto  weather is great here
8	couldn't resist ? http://blip.fm/~5z7v3
8	Happy Mothers Day!!!!
8	HALLELUJAH! I've finally finished my Careers assignment! The feeling of finishing a task is great, you have no idea. Or maybe you do. lol
8	&quot;Viewers of my LinkedIn profiel also viewed Barack Obama, Francisco van Jole and Erwin Blom.&quot; I'm in good company.
8	I can Rome without Ceasar
8	@MissxMarisa hahaha, it's *massive* compared to the others!! you're so sweet Scenie
8	@horcrux01 happy bday!
8	@Swedish_em I'm ok I guess. talking to - biiip - right now, or..on sms. haha well, how are you?
8	@ansje_44 Thanks!! It was a bit out of my comfort zone but it was fun
8	Just funny sitting here with external keyboard, mouse, and macbook on bed  just looks strange but it's comfortable
8	@Nemitabbah HAHAHAHA...yeah you mess up that crossing and kneeling bit you will get called out...JOKING
8	@moodleman somehow I am going to have to figure out how to come to Sydney one day
8	@MandyBookLover Same here, having a nice, quiet Sunday
8	Had a great night, ashleigh makes a good dance teacher  And we kicked Bens butt at a pillow fight!
8	@marthinnayoan Ahahaha... thanks bro. Will do. I might take the day off tomorrow
8	ahh, juz got a new Rapidshare account that lasts till Oct 09. 10gb download limit daily
8	@simonemaynard thank you
8	Enjoying a great buffet brunch at Friends &amp; Bachus on St. Marks Road. The food, service &amp; ambience get a 4.0/5.0 Definitely coming back
8	yeah .... just bought tickets for Pearl Jam in August
8	Ooh I have snazzed up my profile with summery colors
8	@urfavoritegrl i'm sure you're sleeping, but you'll have to tell me your favorite part tomorrow. i laughed pretty much the whole time.
8	going to program now  haven't programmed for a long time now
8	Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow mums - have a great day - mine will be spent in my garden with all of my family
8	@andrew1913 theme tune? Your robin I'm BATMAN!
8	@pretentiousgit what a cute dog
8	try to play John Travolta's &quot;Grease Lightning&quot; bassline.. it's cool
8	@hollymcombsbr somehow i cant reply to your message LOL and yes i know  Thank youuu
8	Umm. What do we have here? Apple pie, check. Cupcakes, check. Green tea, check. Coffee, check. Then we're ready for tea time
8	@DannehOak hey there! your web URL looks good
8	our south style exhibition is on in less than a week  member fresh gallery otara!
8	Did it!!  back in pakistan! - http://bkite.com/07kBP
8	@chriscuzzy ...Now I'm going back to bed. LOL. Enjoy your time at the gym. I'll be sleeping.
8	@HelloLizzi oh hahah thats ok then
8	Just watched Camp Rock  Eating raspberry ripple icecream. Awesome
8	hmm icecream for breakfast  #springtime
8	Signing out for the night - have a good Sunday night all
8	I say &quot;oh man..&quot; jovani asks, &quot;did you just call me an old man?&quot; haha
8	@jordanknight Please wish your wife Evelyn a Happy Mother's Day for me and tell her I hope that she has a wonderful day. Spoil her today.
8	@rehabc give him a gift voucher for something like shoppers' stop or something. that's as good as cash. unless he's immigrating, that is!
8	We have tons of updates including pics of Rob from yesterday. Check them out  www.robsessedpattinson.com
8	morning darlin' @DaHilster Hope you're feelin' tip-top  ? http://blip.fm/~5z7zs
8	http://pic.gd/fad84c One Sunday night at Helsinki. We hadn't drink anything... xD yeah RIGHT!
8	@Vitriol_: &quot;@lordmitchnz  Good evening, kind sir *bows*&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~5z7zv
8	@BoltClock oic.. will need to get upgrade space if I do want to use it then.thanks  Will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
8	@edsaint lol @ half - I already have a bulky desktop- I'm geared up for super slim and light: SSD performance is unreal
8	will do it  in a  couple od days , when I have  more time.,  for  now  I   need to  get some sleep. Night Night  All.  Peace.!!!!
8	@cybercabz i'll take a lookie, sound great
8	Seeing 'Love at the Club' actually made me
8	@aussiecynic haha better drunken tweeting you mean?
8	@aussieboby i like it    #masterchef
8	@sevenspiral no worries, good news are good to spread
8	morning im up and ready weeee its a sunday
8	@therealjspace *bows* glad to be of service
8	@tessajames01 cool i wear black most of the time when i go out
8	@Jo3ll3 going to bed for real this time. Have a good day
8	I want to play audition with Anna ~ -mHc-SMOOCH
8	goin to watch some friends DVD's
8	happy mothers day to all moms out there!!
8	Just finished my 1st new song !!!  Soon on Youtube !  Keeping you updated !
8	Hahahahaha i rember when i riped that william picture out of one of claires mags. I beated zoe to it
8	@freshypanda haha drunk golf sounds *awesome*!! i predict a great score for today
8	@headgeek666 watched the standard dvd 3d version, no blu in UK yet, 3d effect was best I have seen on home system yet, titties in 3d
8	did ice skating last show part this morning. Mozart. awesome, can't wait to do it Friday and saturday. love U all
8	Filming the very last scene of Afflicted - then it's on to sound design... soon! soon!
8	done with the fkn exam! n just bought the mothers day gift, finally... tada! the new prada fragrance  going to meet up mum n fam now : ...
8	@Jennifrayne  Thanks for the link, ive voted &amp; i'll send that out too.
8	@Lindsayslifee they look nice atleast  haha. &lt;3
8	On twikini while enjoying the sun
8	I PUT A SHELF UP lol im well proud and yes its my twilight shelf  my books the movies going on there and obv my prezzie from lara XD (L)
8	@hottieann2145 nice to meet ya!
8	is finishing off related lit during PlanSem break  http://plurk.com/p/sw05s
8	@Tor87 it's an awesome book, can't wait for the film - enjoy and don't be scared  x
8	off to JFK (again), should be in texas soon.
8	Going to take it quite easy today actually. Yesterday was great but it took a lot of energy out of me. Going out for some pirating later.
8	Hopefully going back to work tomorrow!! tired of having a flu.. Beside, I love working with the children, so fun to play with!!
8	@pkollar very heart-warming indeed. I'll be looking forward to that day
8	Good Morning Tweets, I like lazy sundays
8	@jaderibeiro lol event management. no prerequisites
8	just finish clean up my computer/guest room's cupboard! my stuffs
8	@kellieann1 haha hi mum! wow yes, very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing @mattcaplin
8	Always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site I joined
8	Early lunch then getting all dressed up for Amy's confirmation
8	Is playing bubblewrap on her iPhone. Over and over and over again. Still, beats working...
8	hi @blowmefool thanks for the follow  good luck with your friend? ha
8	@macel_erika oh oh! that's a nice song!  yeah! You ain nuttin budda hawndog!
8	Who's going out tonight? I want to go out  xxx
8	Done... with the #run : 14.5km / 1h33mn / 153bpm . Feeling great, no fatigue... and no speed
8	@jazz_machine lol - Good evening/morning/day (just to catch everything!) to you too!
8	Had a great weekend with One, hanging with Nick &amp; Brendon, church this morning! Can't believe Loretta won the Mothers Day raffle again!
8	Finally home and ready for bed!  night!
8	@BryonyCatrin hey hey, some else has twitter!
8	John john and I just switched the meaning of PIMP to someone who still pwns at halo when they're wasted  hahahaha Another amazing night
8	http://twitpic.com/4wu0a - Sunny day at vivocity, yupz just showered.. Runs into airconditioned mall..
8	Next movies for me : Terminator Salvation and Transformers 2, gonna be a meka spring this year
8	finished essay. dinner went well me and my brother acted like kids and had spoon fight  then fought over who woould sit in my sisters lap
8	Had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend
8	@shamim86 Cool!!! No wonder you didn't sleep much
8	GETTING A PUPPYYY!!!!  What should I name him? I think Romeo is cute.
8	Having a (Y) weekend with Karen. Off to Swansea today
8	@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great  #masterchef
8	@Reemski Might be a while before I get around to it. Not sure if I will make it flat out in HTML or through WordPress. .. Fun fun fun
8	@sosolid2k turtles and shoes make an awesome couple  if only shoes could talk back to the turtle :p lol
8	On way to the wimbledon with @sweezle to watch star trek, IMAX baby
8	just got home.
8	i am fucked...damn you lucas at your czech republic beer that tastes like heaven in a bottle!! Your amazing
8	Time to turn the phone off and get a full nights sleep
8	Off to finish the book &quot;nudge&quot; then going to write some
8	I FOUND A PROM DRESS
8	Today I'm working on my &quot;Quirky Q&quot; cue or maybe it will become a concerto
8	@paigeebaby HAHHA yeahh  like SS on ellen xDD
8	@solkana I want to see &quot;Too Fast to Transport in 60 seconds&quot;
8	Hello all my new followers, there is suddenly a lot of you, so will take a little time to get round to you all
8	my head feels sooooooooooo much better
8	@comedian cafe, sky dining plangi  http://plurk.com/p/sw17j
8	@ashleytisdale http://twitpic.com/3a5ho - hahaha ily ashley u'r like the best in the world
8	Cleaning all day today after he runs off to do his stuff and setting my schedule for the week.  I feel much better now and calmer too!
8	@who_the_heck Haha LOL @ the english work they doo in college
8	@samanthadepanta Doing really well! I will stay here as long as is needed!  So you can definitely come and visit me!! Look forward too ...
8	beats the heat with cool guava juice in handi water
8	@sarahteaa good girl, sarah. now we've got ourselves a club
8	Happy Mothers Day to all that are, all that are trying, and all that haven't nailed their teenagers to a tree
8	@aphrodaisy Thanks!   I'm making homemade lasagna for my mum today.
8	http://twitpic.com/4wua7 - I can't wait to see them!
8	@jason_2008 lol oh dnt worry u'l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! Hope you have a good day today!
8	@SusanCosmos @speakgirl Thx 4 sharing!
8	All in all, a good weekend
8	Law week is gonna go the fuck off  SO EXCITED
8	Getting somewhere with my first &quot;real&quot; KiokuDB and catalyst app, yay
8	mcfly gig last nightt omg it was amazin didnt sit down through the whole thing  mcfly did you see me and ma best mate we were in tutus
8	@robinmatthewfry thats great I'll make sure I get a copy
8	Yeah, let's build an app #euruko
8	#SanctuarySunday fav character @pegasusangel has to be Ashley!  Why? cause she's awesome
8	my girlfriend still likes sesame st, and so do I
8	@Rebeckela that is no problem, i know you will win with the butt kicking as i can see into the future,,, its your destiny.. jaiho
8	is off to RENT soon  Hope I can get home tonight though with all the train problems :s ...
8	@sammihouse  awww lol yh it is worth it-  mcfly are worth it 2  eekk
8	Listening to the new Green Day album  Fingers crossed!
8	So, I finally got my but on Twitter. Let's hope I make good use of this site
8	@travelrants that's cool, I'd be happy to contribute to any future articles. Enjoy the rest of the weekend
8	Proudly watching my film  http://bit.ly/dP2Uh
8	Migrating a Sybase ASE SPARC Sun Solaris based into a Solaris x86 based. That should be fun
8	gets sumthin special, but i want more. akankah suatu hari ku kan mendapatkannya...? only GOD knows...
8	Just finnished my Double Cheeseburger. It was good  Ready to watch the Spanish F1
8	Yay, a live demo of Rhodes. Loving this more and more  #euruko
8	@Sweet_Libertine um, glad you enjoyed it...
8	@ScottRhodie so you liked it. Glad to hear
8	Early bird gets the worm.  And in my case, birder gets to witness the carnage.
8	Collabro w/JPhlip called &quot;California&quot; was another hot one.
8	@Jennifalconer I was happy to see on Something For the Weekend that Flight of the Conchords is back on BBC4!
8	@brazilianlinda Whoops, totally read that wrong. Ahem. Yes, I am participating in the 10 day may madness. My ebook is up there.
8	cleaning day!
8	@langfordperry woah in the uk it isn't mothers day werid! I've been watching friends all day helps me revise. Oh and 17 again is awesome
8	learn to fly higher...!  http://tinyurl.com/30tools
8	just got back from footy, thankgod eagles won
8	@MizFitOnline @lance02 Morning!  Happy Mother's Day Miz!!!  Thank you Lance!!!!
8	@GabeHumble tysm but i just made +uploaded one so its okay! but lol im looking thru your pics now  il the just wanna fuck shit up one lmao
8	just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hire a cleaner
8	Thinking of summer
8	@Jae878 aha thanks Jae
8	BOOK NOW &amp; SAVE:SUMMER 2009 * THE AMAZONES VILLAGE SUITES****-CRETE-GREECE! THE BEST PLACE TO BE!
8	@frankiemuniz hey there? hope you're all right. Just watching F1 Warm Up for GP Spain!
8	work 7 to 4.... happy mother's day!
8	Revision continues. Getting so bored and tired. I can't wait to get out and do interesting things. Only a week and half left though
8	follow me!
8	finally finished my mom's card. took so long getting all the pictures! it looks good though, i'm happy &amp; can't wait til she sees it
8	@dalekwidow I'm hearing lots of good things about the new Trek movie. I'll see if my Dad, &quot;a fellow Treky&quot;, would like to see it
8	@ashestoashessn2 Fab, eh?  Feel free to come along for some pre-ep 4 chat and drinks over at Luigi's - http://www.luigis.org.uk tomorrow!
8	Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mom's out there  A day to cherish the best women in our lives
8	@aneD Well thank you! I'll try and remember to put it somewhere
8	Hey mates. I just came home from the beach.  I'm hella tired. It was a 4-hour ride.
8	@BlokesLib i look forward to that. if u ever write 5 Things a Misanthrope Must Do to be at Peace w Humanity i'm up for that as well
8	@IronLantern Yup. And pulse.im is withstanding the hits so far
8	just woke up still in bed  sundays r the shit, its the do nothing day of the week
8	Had such a boss night out.
8	long night. Sleeping now.
8	@usagiii sweet  i should have something new to show you by then, too
8	http://tr.im/kXCL 'Immigrant hid passport in pants' What a genius.
8	Happy Mother's Day to all my favorite moms.
8	@looosie Agfest? it was pretty awesome.. loads of people were there lol
8	@joechacko thx! i became IBM Master Inventor in 2008. really enjoyed your blog, particularly with the vegan tag
8	Had a great talk with Tony this afternoon... we're going to give it another go
8	For US tweeps, don't forget to call your mom today...
8	@Rebekah_Mcfly how cool will that be  she is so nice!! Bless her=] so what ya upto? Love you (L) XoxoX
8	mOod. was way too much fun. lol..  I lOve to dance TEchno !!! &lt;3 ... life.lOve.stress &amp;&amp;. set backs &lt;3 gnite
8	feels like warm things
8	@halibrahim Europe sounds gr8! Will finish my exam on Teus and then we'll  talk about it
8	just woke up, hopefully going to see the Xmen film today?
8	Happy Mothers Day to all you mom out there
8	look up our youtube JessAndNicoleMusic, we are new, leave comments and subscribe  thankyou x
8	@marius101 right..  making compromises is what kills us!
8	ps liam we're going to look like tools on the train to the city  hopefully we can scare some old people
8	3500 downloads for quickpwn 3.0b5 with cydia, Thanks for playing
8	Ahh, sunshine.  Just deleted 404 spam emails from 2 days - now off to BBQ in sun  wonderful...
8	ah midday - great time for breakfast
8	@ashsimpsonwentz http://twitpic.com/2uzx4 - haha, his heads bigger than yours! awwwh, lol
8	@AbbeyEmm Haha. If you like him, then you should go
8	Its a lovely 58 degrees right now at 7am.  amazing. Enjoy melting vegas. :l
8	@natburleson nope  husband is golfing &amp; tornado &amp; I are playing. Im so spoiled everyday. esp LAST sunday (tattoo )
8	mothers day drama was awesome!
8	@astaldoia definitely something with eggs  Yummy
8	Yay, I should be able to make it to 700 updates tonight  lame compared to other ppls i know lol
8	@bobbinrob SPARKLY PEEN FOR THE WIN! It solves all of life's problems
8	@btillo Hehe ! Thanks for your advice  I choose the shoes, only three of them, so hard !!!
8	@LennyKravitz - Hey, Lenny, we are waiting you in Bulgaria again soon! The concert last year was... OMG!
8	@PeaceDiva Nice! What r ur plans for 2day? Oh n Happy Mothers Day if u happen 2 b a mother
8	Sunday morning and i realised im a film snob  as it said on MSN entertainment
8	jolly good last night
8	My laptop grew speakers. Now I can watch Charlie with the sound on
8	@llJessicall SOunds goood!
8	@TimmyTenga awesome, I'm looking at sourcing some as well.
8	Hellooooooo... Whats the scene people !!!
8	And I am off to my sister's to partyyyy!
8	.. good morning peoplee  looks like it's going to be a nice day today! better than last week it was raining =(.
8	@ksymmonds We can compare horror stories mate LOL
8	http://twitpic.com/4wukt - We bought Ludi her own rug. Dogs are the best
8	More beans on toast for breakie! Gotta clean my room and study for final Cisco exam, then watch #LOST . Can't wait!
8	@agoodstein @timknapton what good role models...  i like how yinz think!
8	@sarahjpin Good work.I've only just managed to turn my studio on... I envy your productivity
8	@bobby_rey Nah you do it really gradually with PTFE tape. so goes up 0.1 mm at a time. Ive been doing it for years, I love it!  x
8	When we got more followers we gonna have a competition.Hope you all look forward !
8	Happy Mother's Day! What are you doing for your Mama today?
8	Headache is gone,thank god!Time for tea i think
8	@sarahhh3 ill call you on my home phone to your home phone    after dinner tho! coz im almost ready to eat, is that ok? xx
8	@JohnBirmingham Yay, so the nekkid writing is working then?You keep warm now! Am in awe of the 6k - am always cactus by 5. Good luck
8	@mneylon I'm doing an experiement
8	why do we even live on this earth ?? i wanna live on mars :|
8	@nataliefisher I like the idea of eliminating bludgers and beaters just tackling ppl, makes it nearly as dangerous as book quidditch
8	@Emmaloid you? hungover? never  I am not hungover &amp; I don't know how. I think it may be my new superpower. Is la Whalen at home? xxx
8	@carocat  13:00 is kickoff. The red cars hopefully
8	fear crept in but it's already been dismissed. now let me do this thing right, coz this time the feelings are there and it's so different
8	Morning all, finally got to stream media from PC to PS3 via wireless router, much easier than using a USB dongle, ah, techy simplicity.
8	@timlichfield alreet chap! Have an awesome time! N congrats on it recent results!
8	juz donated books/mags 4 charity. Not only do I feel good but it gave me a good workout from all that heavy lifting
8	last drops of the thesis... God let it end today.
8	@hairrocks happy birthday!
8	@CheekyKerri Defo can't wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music
8	is playing MYBRUTE!  follow me at: http://yhana09.mybrute.com
8	@insteadofdeath this is really helpful,  you swear a lot, i just realized. haha.
8	@sadknob OK. Happy to hear that you are feeling fine
8	#firefly weekend on SciFi channel  I'm a happy man
8	@pinkdaze Yes! That sounds like a great idea. Message me on LJ about it
8	Celebrating mother's day with apple pie
8	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY LADIES!!! Hope you all have a wonderful day.
8	@cssglobe hahah, you own lab.hr  I own lab.ba, seems that we think in similar ways
8	@halia Smile. Everything worked out.
8	[-O] i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it tho.. http://tinyurl.com/p6lfch
8	@JOY949 thanks for promoing the show for me in my absence  Glad you liked it. @sealfur and @flipthetape rock!
8	@Bitchface91 Well im hving another one today yey
8	@irishpixie36 ok Im off to pc world then  x x tweet u later x x lol
8	but no, i really do. long exposures with no tripod, not looking through the viewfinder, unfocusing. its great
8	@exhilarating haha, not always, just a 2-day-trip, for a friend. But I've been here some times. That's why I know basic Japanese
8	@hernameisnicki is it? :O im gonna get that
8	Home !! Home @ last !!!!! Time to step outside for some life
8	greeting you all a happy mother's day!
8	@idibs oh, a really good 1 dude, thx... added
8	@AkashaTheKitty I've read about those. They're cool. You should definitely get one
8	From Hyderabad Blues 2, on mimicking the American accent: You won't be an ass if you roll your R's.
8	@HIstapleface answer my really cool questions
8	@ascrivner come over to my place for a cup of tea
8	@rasga Yep: http://bit.ly/15yyId  We go there for Christmas treats!
8	CAN'T SLEEP TONIGHT . Oh see ya! Bye
8	@Juniesgurl WOOHOO!!!  My broom isnt up to standards....there is no seatbelt on mine....*whispers*  I like the Swiffer...
8	@Hoopsiscrazy U think web design wld go down well at the International Brotherhood of Magicians? Maybe. The magic was a success at SXSWi!
8	happy mother's day!
8	watching Bolt with my brothers and my mom.
8	Assignment actually looking pretty decent....so glad I changed my topic at the last minute
8	@billzucker Thanks for making me laugh
8	http://bit.ly/X7D1c  Spanish Grand Prix 2009  in one hour!
8	instant-messaging with two of my favourite conversation guys
8	8:30PM... it has just hit me i have school tomorrow :O ahaha! I'll stay on til 9 i think  Xx
8	on a sunny walk round the lake this morning we met a mother goose and father goose and five baby goslings
8	Had a great time last night!
8	@HosamKamel Thanks for the follow man
8	@sierrabardot whaatttaatttt! she is a good cook and really creative, silly sierra
8	@dai_bach daps were the best lol
8	@DebbieFletcher haha i will remember that  xx
8	@sharlynnx ME TOO! please come online *-* hope you've had an amazing weekend
8	BEEN TOWN WITH THE MOTHER  NICE &amp; SUNNNY
8	@JamesHancox LOL or maybe it's the tooth fairy, takes 'em to keep all the kiddys  teeth safe in
8	Gooood party last night (: Although I am extremely tired now. xD Off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day
8	Wow! Up, coffee in hand and already outside.  So peaceful on Sunday mornings.
8	THE VIDEO IS FINALLY DONE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
8	Watched Wolverine yesterday ... a spur of the moment kinda thing. Awesome! So proud that a South African director did that
8	the sunset view is SO beautiful from my room!
8	@McMedia Very well thank you! How are you, more importantly?
8	@muffinwomanxo EH! u dont like retro? tisk tisk, what u been upto? ...apart from waxing ur &quot;mustache&quot; lol
8	@SarahSaner Hey Sarah! Hws u? Hope u remember me
8	@acchanosaurus good luck chan! gue kmrn bawa backpack kosong, quite helping
8	good morning/midday nation!  FORMULA ONE IN ONE HOUR!
8	Sitting in Gatwick- going home for a week! cant wait to see family
8	@maynaseric good luck with your auction
8	@McMedia husband is golfing &amp; the Toddler and I shall frolic. Am I the consummate mama in that Im so happy with my day?
8	going to watch boy in the striped pj's hope i don't cry
8	gave the bikes a thorough wash, degrease it and grease it. think i did a really good job!
8	had SUCH and AMAZING time last night, McFly were INCREDIBLE
8	Succesfully following Tayla!!
8	@niariley WASSUP BEAUTIFUL!!! FOLLOW ME!!  PEEP OUT MY NEW HIT SINGLES WWW.MYSPACE.COM/IPSOHOT I DEF. WAT U IN THE VIDEO!!
8	I love your heart better than your crown; and yet something holy lingers round that also.
8	Her beautiful, noble child had been a dear angel, and possessed the kindest heart; he had loved her so much, and she had loved him in return; they had kissed and loved each other, and the boy had been her joy, her second life.
8	Certainly he must long to see me, too, the young count; no doubt he thinks of me and loves me, as in those days when he would fling his angel-arms round my neck, and lisp 'Anne Liz.'
8	It was music to my ears.
8	It was as great and magnificent as it had always been, and the garden looked the same as ever; all the servants were strangers to her, not one of them knew Anne Lisbeth, nor of what consequence she had once been there; but she felt sure the countess would soon let them know it, and her darling boy, too: how she longed to see him!
8	In the face of Anne Lisbeth, lighted up by the evening sun, could be seen peace and rest.
8	She said she was happy now, for she had conquered.
8	"Now I am in the house of God," she said, "and in that house we are happy."
8	When the sun set, Anne Lisbeth's soul had risen to that region where there is no more pain; and Anne Lisbeth's troubles were at an end.
8	At the same time, the kind-hearted old man who lived by himself in the upper storey of the house came in; he led a lonely life, for he had no wife and children; but he loved the children of others very much, and he could tell so many fairy tales and stories, that it was a pleasure to hear him.
8	"Yes, if I only knew a fresh one," said the old man, and nodded smilingly.
8	"Will not one knock soon?" asked the boy; and the mother smiled while she put elder-tree blossoms into the teapot and poured boiling water over them.
8	He was an old, old sailor, and she his old wife; they had already great-grandchildren, and were soon to celebrate their golden wedding, but they could not remember the date, and the elder-tree mother was sitting in the tree and looked as pleased as this one here.
8	I tore it open and read it; I cried and laughed at the same time, and was so happy!
8	Then suddenly some one put his arm round my waist-' "'Yes, and you gave him a hearty smack on the cheek,' said the old man.
8	"'I did not know that it was you- you had come as quickly as your letter; and you looked so handsome, and so you do still.
8	You looked so well, and the weather in the street was horrible!'
8	"'Then we married,' he said.
8	'Do you remember how we got our first boy, and then Mary, Niels, Peter, John, and Christian?' 'Oh yes; and now they have all grown up, and have become useful members of society, whom everybody cares for.'
8	"'And their children have had children again,' said the old sailor.
8	"'Yes, to-day is your golden wedding-day,' said the little elder-tree mother, stretching her head down between the two old people, who thought that she was their neighbour who was nodding to them; they looked at each other and clasped hands.
8	The elder-tree smelt strongly, and the setting sun illuminated the faces of the two old people, so that they looked quite rosy; the youngest of the grandchildren danced round them, and cried merrily that there would be a feast in the evening, for they were to have hot potatoes; and the elder mother nodded in the tree and cried 'Hooray' with the others."
8	And then she took the little boy out of bed and placed him on her bosom; the elder branches, full of blossoms, closed over them; it was as if they sat in a thick leafy bower which flew with them through the air; it was beautiful beyond all description.
8	She and the boy kissed each other, and then they were of the same age and felt the same joys.
8	"Hooray! now we shall ride far away, many miles!" said the boy; "we shall ride to the nobleman's estate where we were last year."
8	It was spring and it became summer, it was autumn and it became winter, and thousands of pictures reflected themselves in the boy's eyes and heart, and the little girl always sang again, "You will never forget that!"
8	"Oh! that it were always spring in the fragrant beechwood!"
8	"Here it is splendid in summer!" she said, and they passed by old castles of the age of chivalry.
8	"One can never forget it!"
8	"Here it's agreeable in winter!" said the little girl, and all the trees were covered with hoar-frost, so that they looked like white coral.
8	And indeed it was beautiful!
8	The little girl with the blue eyes and elder-blossoms in her hair was sitting high up in the tree, and nodded to them, saying, "To-day is the golden wedding!"
8	And then she took two flowers out of her wreath and kissed them.
8	"How beautiful it was!" said the little boy.
8	"Mother, I have been to warm countries!"
8	"I believe you," said the mother; "if one takes two cups of hot elder-tea it is quite natural that one gets into warm countries!"
8	And what stories grandpapa could tell!
8	"One never forgets a feast like that, however old one may grow," said grandfather.
8	In some places the inscriptions were so malicious, that grandfather would not speak of them at all; but I saw that he was chuckling secretly, and there may have been some inaccuracy in his description, after all.
8	"We'll have a play too," he said, "and it may begin immediately."
8	Row, dow, dow! how they can stamp and strut!
8	"A domestic drama, please," said little Anna, "for the others are so fond of that.
8	The Waistcoat has a laydown collar, and is very modest; but he knows his own value, and has quite a right to say what he says: "'I haven't a spot on me!
8	I am of real silk, and have strings to me.'
8	"'Could I but have my love, Who then so happy as Glove!
8	"'O Glove, my own dear, Though it cost thee a tear, Thou must be mine, For Holger Danske has sworn it!'
8	"That's exceedingly charming!" cried little Anna.
8	"Now comes the exciting part, little Anna.
8	"That's a most charming comedy.
8	"That's awfully pretty," said little Anna.
8	"And now we'll applaud," said grandpapa.
8	"Our play is much better," said grandpapa.
8	What do they do that for," she asked, of the student who sat on the sofa; she liked him very much, he could tell the most amusing stories, and cut out the prettiest pictures; hearts, and ladies dancing, castles with doors that opened, as well as flowers; he was a delightful student.
8	"When it grows dark, and everybody is asleep, they jump about quite merrily.
8	"You must know that as soon as the king and all the court are gone into the town, the flowers run out of the garden into the castle, and you should see how merry they are.
8	"Oh how capital," said little Ida, clapping her hands.
8	How he will wonder what has become of them!"
8	It was saying, 'You are so pretty, I like you very much.'
8	"Oh how funny!" said Ida, and she laughed.
8	But to little Ida, all these stories which the student told her about the flowers, seemed very droll, and she thought over them a great deal.
8	Then she whispered to them quite softly, "I know you are going to a ball to-night."
8	But the flowers appeared as if they did not understand, and not a leaf moved; still Ida felt quite sure she knew all about it.
8	She lay awake a long time after she was in bed, thinking how pretty it must be to see all the beautiful flowers dancing in the king's garden.
8	She raised herself a little, and glanced at the door of the room where all her flowers and playthings lay; it was partly open, and as she listened, it seemed as if some one in the room was playing the piano, but softly and more prettily than she had ever before heard it.
8	Oh what a splendid sight there was to be sure!
8	The flowers were dancing gracefully on the floor, making turns and holding each other by their long green leaves as they swung round.
8	Then she saw a large purple crocus jump into the middle of the table where the playthings stood, go up to the doll's bedstead and draw back the curtains; there lay the sick flowers, but they got up directly, and nodded to the others as a sign that they wished to dance with them.
8	They did not look ill at all now, but jumped about and were very merry, yet none of them noticed little Ida.
8	The carnival rod hopped about among the flowers on its three red stilted feet, and stamped quite loud when it danced the Mazurka; the flowers could not perform this dance, they were too light to stamp in that manner.
8	This was very amusing, and Ida could not help laughing.
8	"Will you dance with me?" said the rough doll.
8	But she was not hurt at all, and Ida's flowers thanked her for the use of the nice bed, and were very kind to her.
8	Then Sophy was very happy, and said they might keep her bed; she did not mind lying in the drawer at all.
8	But the flowers thanked her very much, and said,- "We cannot live long.
8	Then came many more flowers: blue violets, purple heart's-ease, daisies, and lilies of the valley, and they all danced together, and kissed each other.
8	Ida kissed her flowers and then laid them, with the box, in the earth.
8	They tear off each other's legs. and arms and bodies, before and behind; and yet they are merry and joyful in their way.
8	And now the wonderful little creatures were pink all over.
8	"Yes, if you can guess what it is," said Kribble-Krabble, "I'll make you a present of it."
8	"That's Paris, or some other great city, for they're all alike.
8	It's a great city!"
8	"My golden treasure, my riches, my sunshine!" said the mother; and she kissed the shining locks, and it sounded like music and song in the room of the drummer; and there was joy, and life, and movement.
8	The drummer beat a roll- a roll of joy.
8	"Celebrity is always something!" said the drummer; and so he scratched his own name there, and his little son's name likewise.
8	"Peter's name will last a full year and a half longer!" said the father.
8	He was a boy full of life and gladness, this drummer's son with the red hair.
8	"He shall sing in the church, and stand among the beautiful gilded angels who are like him!"
8	"But suppose he came back a general!" said the father.
8	The little drummer still kept his healthy color; he had suffered no damage; he looked cheerfully at the dog of the regiment, which was jumping along as merrily as if the whole thing had been got up for his amusement, and as if the bullets were only flying about that he might have a game of play with them.
8	The dog of the regiment sprang on in front with large bounds, and made the way three times as long for himself as it really was.
8	He was as brown as a wild man, and his eyes were bright, and his face beamed like sunshine.
8	And his mother held him in her arms; she kissed his lips, his forehead, and his red hair.
8	They laughed and they wept; and Peter embraced the old Fire-drum.
8	"Bright day! fire in the heart! golden treasure! skrat! skr-r-at! skr-r-r-r-at!"
8	It seemed too much for him to bear; and this happened not once, but many times; and at last one day he seized the delicate fingers and the white hand, and kissed it, and looked into her great brown eyes.
8	Charlotte blushed to guess at it.
8	"To be famous!"
8	"And then he looks so splendid!" said the young ladies and the old ladies too; and the oldest of all procured an album for famous locks of hair, wholly and solely that she might beg a lock of his rich splendid hair, that treasure, that golden treasure.
8	And the son came into the poor room of the drummer, elegant as a prince, happier than a king.
8	His eyes were as clear and his face was as radiant as sunshine; and he held his mother in his arms, and she kissed his mouth, and wept as blissfully as any one can weep for joy; and he nodded at every old piece of furniture in the room, at the cupboard with the tea-cups, and at the flower-vase.
8	Now I must do it!"
8	And he beat a thundering roll-call on the instrument, and the Drum felt so highly honored that the parchment burst with exultation.
8	"He has a splendid touch!" said the Drum.
8	"I've a remembrance of him now that will last.
8	"People say that I look exceedingly well," said the flax, "and that I am so fine and long that I shall make a beautiful piece of linen.
8	How fortunate I am; it makes me so happy, it is such a pleasant thing to know that something can be made of me.
8	How the sunshine cheers me, and how sweet and refreshing is the rain; my happiness overpowers me, no one in the world can feel happier than I am."
8	I am the happiest of all creatures."
8	"Well, I have been very happy," he thought in the midst of his pain, "and must be contented with the past;" and contented he remained till he was put on the loom, and became a beautiful piece of white linen.
8	"Well, this is quite wonderful; I could not have believed that I should be so favored by fortune.
8	How wonderful it is, that after all I have suffered, I am made something of at last; I am the luckiest person in the world- so strong and fine; and how white, and what a length!
8	Then I had no attention, nor any water unless it rained; now, I am watched and taken care of.
8	I cannot be happier than I am now."
8	This was my destiny; it is quite a blessing.
8	Now I shall be of some use in the world, as everyone ought to be; it is the only way to be happy.
8	It is most extraordinary good fortune."
8	"I am now finer than ever, and I shall be written upon, and who can tell what fine things I may have written upon me.
8	"I never imagined anything like this," said the paper, "when I was only a little blue flower, growing in the fields.
8	How could I fancy that I should ever be the means of bringing knowledge and joy to man?
8	Each time I think that the song is ended; and then something higher and better begins for me.
8	I am happier than ever."
8	"Ah, how much good that does, and how it warms me," she said; "it is as good as a hot meal, and not so dear.
8	The warm beer had strengthened her, and the smell of the good food had been pleasant to her.
8	"Many thanks, you good soul," she said to Martha.
8	I went up to him, and took his hand, and said, 'Do you still feel the same for me?' 'Yes; ever and always,' said he.
8	'Will you, then, marry a maiden who honors and esteems you, although she cannot offer you her love? but that may come.' 'Yes, it will come,' said he; and we joined our hands together, and I went home to my mistress.
8	Then my mistress threw her arms round me, and kissed me.
8	"Ah, yes, and you were a dear, good mistress," said Martha, "I shall never forget how kind you and your husband were to me."
8	"Yes, those were happy years when you were with us, although we had no children at first.
8	On many a warm summer, the Ephemera, the flies that exist for only a day, had fluttered about the old oak, enjoyed life and felt happy and if, for a moment, one of the tiny creatures rested on one of his large fresh leaves, the tree would always say, "Poor little creature! your whole life consists only of a single day.
8	"Everything around me is so wonderfully bright and warm, and beautiful, that it makes me joyous."
8	You may have thousands of my days, but I have thousands of moments in which I can be merry and happy.
8	And the little creature danced and floated in the air, rejoicing in her delicate wings of gauze and velvet, rejoicing in the balmy breezes, laden with the fragrance of clover-fields and wild roses, elder-blossoms and honeysuckle, from the garden hedges, wild thyme, primroses, and mint, and the scent of all these was so strong that the perfume almost intoxicated the little fly.
8	The long and beautiful day had been so full of joy and sweet delights, that when the sun sank low it felt tired of all its happiness and enjoyment.
8	Its wings could sustain it no longer, and gently and slowly it glided down upon the soft waving blades of grass, nodded its little head as well as it could nod, and slept peacefully and sweetly.
8	The same thing was continued through many generations of Ephemera; all of them felt equally merry and equally happy.
8	The tree had, doubtless, a kind of feeling that the festive time had arrived, and in his dream fancied he heard the bells ringing from all the churches round, and yet it seemed to him to be a beautiful summer's day, mild and warm.
8	His mighty summits was crowned with spreading fresh green foliage; the sunbeams played among the leaves and branches, and the air was full of fragrance from herb and blossom; painted butterflies chased each other; the summer flies danced around him, as if the world had been created merely for them to dance and be merry in.
8	He saw lovers meet in quiet happiness near him in the moonshine, and carve the initials of their names in the grayish-green bark on his trunk.
8	Once, but long years had intervened since then, guitars and Eolian harps had been hung on his boughs by merry travellers; now they seemed to hang there again, and he could hear their marvellous tones.
8	Then it seemed as if new life was thrilling through every fibre of root and stem and leaf, rising even to the highest branches.
8	The tree felt itself stretching and spreading out, while through the root beneath the earth ran the warm vigor of life.
8	As he grew higher and still higher, with increased strength, his topmost boughs became broader and fuller; and in proportion to his growth, so was his self-satisfaction increased, and with it arose a joyous longing to grow higher and higher, to reach even to the warm, bright sun itself.
8	At length his longing was satisfied.
8	May beetles hummed, the bees murmured, the birds sang, each in his own way; the air was filled with the sounds of song and gladness."
8	"Why this is beautiful, too beautiful to be believed," said the oak in a joyful tone.
8	"I have them all here, both great and small; not one has been forgotten.
8	Can such happiness be imagined?"
8	"It is right so, it is best," said the tree, "no fetters hold me now.
8	I can fly up to the very highest point in light and glory.
8	And all I love are with me, both small and great.
8	All- all are here."
8	The sea gradually became calm, and on board a great ship that had withstood the tempest during the night, all the flags were displayed, as a token of joy and festivity.
8	Thus sounded the old Christmas carol, and every one on board the ship felt his thoughts elevated, through the song and the prayer, even as the old tree had felt lifted up in its last, its beautiful dream on that Christmas morn.
8	Ib and Christina agreed together in everything; they divided their bread and berries when they were hungry; they were partners in digging their little gardens; they ran, and crept, and played about everywhere.
8	They floated on swiftly, for the tide was in their favor, passing over lakes, formed by the stream in its course; sometimes they seemed quite enclosed by reeds and water-plants, yet there was always room for them to pass out, although the old trees overhung the water and the old oaks stretched out their bare branches, as if they had turned up their sleeves and wished to show their knotty, naked arms.
8	The water-lilies waved themselves to and fro on the river, everything made the excursion beautiful, and at last they came to the great eel-weir, where the water rushed through the flood-gates; and the children thought this a beautiful sight.
8	They looked so inviting that the children could not help stopping; and they remained there so long eating, that their mouths and cheeks became quite black with the juice.
8	Ib looked at her, and as she spoke so kindly, he took courage, and asked her if she would give him the nuts; and the woman gave them to him, and then gathered some more from the bushes for herself, quite a pocket full.
8	"Then I will have that one also," said Christina; "and it is a pretty one too.
8	"The best of all things for you," replied the gypsy.
8	He could not utter a word; he could only seize her hand and hold it fast in his own, but he felt too happy and glad to open his lips.
8	Christina, however, was quite at her ease; she talked and talked, and kissed him in the most friendly manner.
8	Even afterwards, when they were left alone, and she asked, "Did you know me again, Ib?" he still stood holding her hand, and said at last, "You are become quite a grand lady, Christina, and I am only a rough working man; but I have often thought of you and of old times."
8	His eyes brightened, and the words he uttered came with hesitation from his lips, but from the deepest recesses of his heart: "Christina, if you have not become too grand, and if you can be contented to live in my mother's house as my wife, we will be married some day.
8	"Oh yes," she replied; "Let us wait a little longer, Ib.
8	I can trust you, for I believe that I do love you.
8	Then he kissed her lips; and so they parted.
8	He understood the gypsy woman's meaning now.
8	"You have found in the earth the best thing you could find," said the magistrate.
8	Well, if it really is so, then the gypsy woman was right in her prophecy."
8	All was life and joy.
8	Ib's house was well and prettily furnished; for he was a prosperous man now, while the mother of the little girl rested in the churchyard at Copenhagen, where she had died in poverty.
8	He talked and told anecdotes, and every one listened to him with pleasure, not unmingled with awe; but none felt so much respect for him as did the elderly widow of a naval officer.
8	"I should like to see Rome," she said; "it must be a lovely city, or so many foreigners would not be constantly arriving there.
8	Several of the guests could scarcely forbear laughing, and the sculptor would have had some difficulty in keeping his countenance, but the smile on his lips faded away; for he caught sight of a pair of dark-blue eyes close by the side of the inquisitive lady.
8	She was a study for the sculptor to contemplate, but not to converse with; for she did not speak, or, at least, very seldom.
8	Mr. Alfred again spoke of Italy, and of the glorious colors in Italian scenery; the purple hills, the deep blue of the Mediterranean, the azure of southern skies, whose brightness and glory could only be surpassed in the north by the deep-blue eyes of a maiden; and he said this with a peculiar intonation; but she who should have understood his meaning looked quite unconscious of it, which also was charming.
8	"Beautiful Italy!" sighed some of the guests.
8	"Oh, to travel there!" exclaimed others.
8	Charming!" echoed from every voice.
8	"I may perhaps win a hundred thousand dollars in the lottery," said the naval officer's widow; "and if I do, we will travel- I and my daughter; and you, Mr. Alfred, must be our guide.
8	We can all three travel together, with one or two more of our good friends."
8	And she nodded in such a friendly way at the company, that each imagined himself to be the favored person who was to accompany them to Italy.
8	Those deep-blue eyes, which had been lit up this evening in honor of him, must conceal treasures, treasures of heart and mind, richer than all the glories of Rome; and so when he left the party that night, he had lost it completely to the young lady.
8	The young man felt the truth of the proverb, "Still waters run deep:" and his heart had sunk into their depths.
8	It was a pleasure to hear Alfred describe anything.
8	The betrothed pair were very happy, and the mother was happy too.
8	"You are a true successor of Thorwalsden," she said to Alfred; and it seemed to him as if, in this instance, mamma had said a clever thing.
8	Kaela was silent; but her eyes shone, her lips smiled, every movement was graceful,- in fact, she was beautiful; that cannot be repeated too often.
8	"Ah, yes, you are always so polite," said mamma, with a smile; and Kaela silently pressed his hand, all soiled as it was with the clay.
8	Kaela's beauty had a firm hold on Alfred; it filled his soul, and held a mastery over him.
8	Songs were sung, and cheers given; for it was a gay wedding, and they were a handsome pair.
8	"Thank heaven we are at home again within our own four walls," said mamma-in-law and daughter both, on their return after a year's absence.
8	Mamma-in-law acknowledged that Sophy was not only a clever housewife, but well-informed and accomplished, though that could hardly be expected in a person of her limited means.
8	"'Pygmalion loved his Galatea,' was in the song they sung at my first wedding," said Alfred; "I once fell in love with a beautiful statue, which awoke to life in my arms; but the kindred soul, which is a gift from heaven, the angel who can feel and sympathize with and elevate us, I have not found and won till now.
8	"Hurrah! hurrah!" cried the people in the town; for in every house the New Year was being welcomed; and as the clock struck, they stood up, the full glasses in their hands, to drink success to the new comer.
8	"A happy New Year," was the cry; "a pretty wife, plenty of money, and no sorrow or care."
8	He seemed a merry fellow.
8	"We'll dance the bung out of the cask at carnival time," said he; "I'll prepare a merry tune for you and for myself too.
8	Hurrah!"
8	He looked very jovial, did little work, and had the more holidays.
8	"Your health, and God bless you," was her salutation to him.
8	How pretty she was! and such a singer! not a theatre singer, nor a ballad singer; no, but a singer of the woods; for she wandered through the gay green forest, and had a concert there for her own amusement.
8	"Now comes the young lady," said those in the carriage; and out stepped a young dame, delicate, proud, and pretty.
8	After work, came the recreations, dancing and playing in the greenwood, and the "harvest homes."
8	This was an ornament to the jug, and he has a great love for ornament.
8	A land-owner followed, who in the month for sowing seed attended to the ploughing and was fond of field sports.
8	The dame was very old, but her eyes glistened like two stars.
8	"This tree I shall guard and cherish," she said, "that it may grow large by Christmas Eve, and reach from the ground to the ceiling, to be covered and adorned with flaming candles, golden apples, and little figures.
8	"Well, now the coach may drive away," said the sentry; "we have the whole twelve.
8	My father has told me this, and I have not forgotten it!
8	Now I will free you, Mrs. Meta Mogen!"
8	Then they pulled the horses out of the stable and rode off in rain and wind to obtain the assistance of friends.
8	"Thus the small service done to the old man was richly rewarded!" said Meta Mogen.
8	The robbers were hanged.
8	In the garden grow roses; the mistress of the house is herself the finest rose petal, she beams with joy, the joy of good deeds: however, not done in the wide world, but in her heart, and what is preserved there is not forgotten.
8	But to-day the sun shines here- the warm, beautiful sun of God is within the little room; it comes from the south through the new window, where formerly the wall was.
8	The paralysed girl sits in the warm sunshine and can see the wood and the lake; the world had become so large, so beautiful, and only through a single word from the kind mistress of the mansion.
8	"The word was so easy, the deed so small," she said, "the joy it afforded me was infinitely great and sweet!"
8	And therefore she does many a good deed, thinks of all in the humble cottages and in the rich mansions, where there are also afflicted ones.
8	It is concealed and hidden, but God does not forget it.
8	Delayed is not forgotten!
8	One day she was engaged to a poor fellow; they loved each other dearly.
8	This proposal was adopted by acclamation.
8	Many were noticed to go about on that afternoon with only one suspender; but then they had seen Puggie's grave, and the sight was worth much more.
8	But in front of the tan-yard, close to the entrance, stood a little girl clothed in rags, very pretty to look at, with curly hair, and eyes so blue and clear that it was a pleasure to look into them.
8	The lady-birds, with red and black shells on their backs, and delicate wings, were flying about, and one of them said, "Is it not sweet and lovely here?
8	Oh, how beautiful everything is."
8	"How beautiful this world is!" said the caterpillar.
8	"The sun is so warm, I quite enjoy it.
8	And soon I shall go to sleep, and die as they call it, but I shall wake up with beautiful wings to fly with, like a butterfly."
8	Two frogs were sitting on the linen, and their bright eyes actually glistened with pleasure.
8	"Wonderful weather this," cried one of them, "and so refreshing.
8	This linen holds the water together so beautifully, that my hind legs quiver as if I were going to swim."
8	What delicious moisture!
8	It is as pleasant as lying in a wet ditch.
8	"Our dear son has engaged himself," said one mother, "dear innocent boy; his greatest ambition is that he may one day creep into a clergyman's ear.
8	That is a very artless and loveable wish; and being engaged will keep him steady.
8	What happiness for a mother!"
8	How charming this is for a mother, is it not Mr. Beetle?" for she knew the stranger by his horny coat.
8	"Now you shall also see my little earwigs," said a third and a fourth mother, "they are lovely little things, and highly amusing.
8	When he arrived at the ditch, he met several friends, all them beetles; "We live here," they said, "and we are very comfortable.
8	"Certainly," said the beetle, "I shall be most happy; I have been exposed to the rain, and have had to lie upon linen, and cleanliness is a thing that greatly exhausts me; I have also pains in one of my wings from standing in the draught under a piece of broken crockery.
8	It is really quite refreshing to be with one's own kindred again."
8	The mother gave them her blessing, and all the other beetles cried "hurrah."
8	All this was very delightful, and when the beetle woke up he crept forth and looked around him.
8	What a splendid place the hothouse was!
8	"What a wonderful quantity of plants," cried the beetle; "how good they will taste when they are decayed!
8	"What beautiful weather," said the fly; "I shall rest here and sun myself.
8	"There," she said, "creep away, or fly, if thou canst.
8	It is a splendid thing to have thy liberty."
8	"Well," he said, "here I am, seated on the emperor's favorite horse,- sitting upon him as if I were the emperor himself.
8	They were given to the horse on my account."
8	And this reflection put the beetle into a good temper.
8	"The world is not so bad after all, if you know how to take things as they come.
8	However, the fox bid him be of good cheer, and said, "I will help you; lie down there, stretch yourself out quite stiff, and pretend to be dead."
8	The lion was greatly pleased, and set off immediately; and when they came to the horse, the fox said, "You will not be able to eat him comfortably here; I"ll tell you what--I will tie you fast to his tail, and then you can draw him to your den, and eat him at your leisure."
8	This advice pleased the lion, so he laid himself down quietly for the fox to make him fast to the horse.
8	"Here he is, master," said he, "I have got the better of him": and when the farmer saw his old servant, his heart relented, and he said.
8	"Thou shalt stay in thy stable and be well taken care of."
8	And so the poor old horse had plenty to eat, and lived--till he died.
8	"Be quiet, Gretel," said Hansel, "do not distress yourself, I will soon find a way to help us."
8	Then he went back and said to Gretel: "Be comforted, dear little sister, and sleep in peace, God will not forsake us," and he lay down again in his bed.
8	And when the full moon had risen, Hansel took his little sister by the hand, and followed the pebbles which shone like newly-coined silver pieces, and showed them the way.
8	They walked the whole night long, and by break of day came once more to their father"s house.
8	The father, however, rejoiced, for it had cut him to the heart to leave them behind alone.
8	When it was mid-day, they saw a beautiful snow-white bird sitting on a bough, which sang so delightfully that they stood still and listened to it.
8	"We will set to work on that," said Hansel, "and have a good meal.
8	I will eat a bit of the roof, and you Gretel, can eat some of the window, it will taste sweet."
8	Hansel, who liked the taste of the roof, tore down a great piece of it, and Gretel pushed out the whole of one round window-pane, sat down, and enjoyed herself with it.
8	Afterwards two pretty little beds were covered with clean white linen, and Hansel and Gretel lay down in them, and thought they were in heaven.
8	When Hansel and Gretel came into her neighbourhood, she laughed with malice, and said mockingly: "I have them, they shall not escape me again!"
8	Early in the morning before the children were awake, she was already up, and when she saw both of them sleeping and looking so pretty, with their plump and rosy cheeks she muttered to herself: "That will be a dainty mouthful!"
8	Let Hansel be fat or lean, tomorrow I will kill him, and cook him."
8	And once Gretel was inside, she intended to shut the oven and let her bake in it, and then she would eat her, too.
8	Gretel, however, ran like lightning to Hansel, opened his little stable, and cried: "Hansel, we are saved!
8	The old witch is dead!"
8	Then Hansel sprang like a bird from its cage when the door is opened.
8	How they did rejoice and embrace each other, and dance about and kiss each other!
8	"And there is also no ferry," answered Gretel, "but a white duck is swimming there: if I ask her, she will help us over."
8	The duck came to them, and Hansel seated himself on its back, and told his sister to sit by him.
8	Then they began to run, rushed into the parlour, and threw themselves round their father"s neck.
8	The man had not known one happy hour since he had left the children in the forest; the woman, however, was dead.
8	Then all anxiety was at an end, and they lived together in perfect happiness.
8	My tale is done, there runs a mouse; whosoever catches it, may make himself a big fur cap out of it.
8	But as he drew near home, his little boy was so glad to see him that he crept behind him, and laid fast hold of his legs, and looked up in his face and laughed.
8	At the sight of this he was overjoyed, and forgetting all about his son, went into trade again, and became a richer merchant than before.
8	The young man sat safe within, till at length it ran ashore upon an unknown land.
8	Now the white snake was an enchanted princess; and she was very glad to see him, and said, "Are you at last come to set me free?
8	And all came to pass as she had said; Heinel bore all, and spoke not a word; and the third night the princess came, and fell on his neck and kissed him.
8	Joy and gladness burst forth throughout the castle, the wedding was celebrated, and he was crowned king of the Golden Mountain.
8	They lived together very happily, and the queen had a son.
8	But when he saw it he could not deny himself the pleasure of tasting it, so he cut of a little bit and put it into his mouth.
8	Now some ducks were sitting together quietly by a brook and taking their rest; and, whilst they were making their feathers smooth with their bills, they were having a confidential conversation together.
8	The servant could now easily prove his innocence; and the king, to make amends for the wrong, allowed him to ask a favour, and promised him the best place in the court that he could wish for.
8	They leapt with delight, put out their heads, and cried to him: "We will remember you and repay you for saving us!"
8	So he turned on to a side path and the ant-king cried out to him: "We will remember you--one good turn deserves another!"
8	Then they came hopping up to it, satisfied their hunger, and cried: "We will remember you--one good turn deserves another!"
8	Many had already made the attempt, but in vain; nevertheless when the youth saw the king"s daughter he was so overcome by her great beauty that he forgot all danger, went before the king, and declared himself a suitor.
8	Full of joy he took it to the king and expected that he would grant him the promised reward.
8	The ant-king had come in the night with thousands and thousands of ants, and the grateful creatures had by great industry picked up all the millet-seed and gathered them into the sacks.
8	The youth, full of joy, set out homewards, and took the Golden Apple to the king"s beautiful daughter, who had now no more excuses left to make.
8	They cut the Apple of Life in two and ate it together; and then her heart became full of love for him, and they lived in undisturbed happiness to a great age.
8	The little calf always remained standing like one which was eating, and the cow-herd said: "It will soon run by itself, just look how it eats already!"
8	In the meantime came the parson; the miller"s wife received him well, and said: "My husband is out, so we will have a feast."
8	"I am contented with anything," replied the husband, "so far as I am concerned, bread and cheese will do," and looked at the peasant and said: "Come and eat some more with me."
8	The peasant did not require to be invited twice, but got up and ate.
8	The peasant, however, made off next morning by daybreak with the three hundred talers.
8	At home the small peasant gradually launched out; he built a beautiful house, and the peasants said: "The small peasant has certainly been to the place where golden snow falls, and people carry the gold home in shovels."
8	The shepherd was willing, and got in, and the peasant shut the top down on him; then he took the shepherd"s flock for himself, and drove it away.
8	They believed no otherwise than that it was the peasant who was saying this, and answered: "That is what we intend, but first you shall look about you a little down below there," and they rolled the barrel down into the water.
8	After that the peasants went home, and as they were entering the village, the small peasant also came quietly in, driving a flock of sheep and looking quite contented.
8	"Yes, truly," replied the peasant, "I sank deep, deep down, until at last I got to the bottom; I pushed the bottom out of the barrel, and crept out, and there were pretty meadows on which a number of lambs were feeding, and from thence I brought this flock away with me."
8	"Oh, yes," said he, "more than I could want."
8	Then the peasants made up their minds that they too would fetch some sheep for themselves, a flock apiece, but the mayor said: "I come first."
8	So he jumped in; splash! went the water; it sounded as if he were calling them, and the whole crowd plunged in after him as one man.
8	Then the entire village was dead, and the small peasant, as sole heir, became a rich man.
8	And while she was speaking, the child plucked off quite a large apple, and ran to her sisters, saying, "Just taste, my dear little sisters, for never in my life have I tasted anything so delightful."
8	The princess sprang up, threw her arms round his neck, embraced and kissed him repeatedly, and took her stomacher, which was made of pure gold, and hung it round his neck.
8	And they all rejoiced, and embraced him and kissed him without stopping.
8	Then the King and Queen flew home to their children and cried: "Children, rejoice, eat and drink to your heart"s content, we have won the battle!"
8	And now at last the young wrens were satisfied, and sat down together and ate and drank, and made merry till quite late into the night.
8	There was once a cook named Gretel, who wore shoes with red heels, and when she walked out with them on, she turned herself this way and that, was quite happy and thought: "You certainly are a pretty girl!"
8	And when she came home she drank, in her gladness of heart, a draught of wine, and as wine excites a desire to eat, she tasted the best of whatever she was cooking until she was satisfied, and said: "The cook must know what the food is like."
8	She ran down, set a jug, said: "God bless it for you, Gretel," and took a good drink, and thought that wine should flow on, and should not be interrupted, and took yet another hearty draught.
8	Then she went and put the fowls down again to the fire, basted them, and drove the spit merrily round.
8	But as the roast meat smelt so good, Gretel thought: "Something might be wrong, it ought to be tasted!"
8	She touched it with her finger, and said: "Ah! how good fowls are!
8	So she cut it off, ate it, and enjoyed it, and when she had done, she thought: "The other must go down too, or else master will observe that something is missing."
8	Then she said: "Well, Gretel, enjoy yourself, one fowl has been cut into, take another drink, and eat it up entirely; when it is eaten you will have some peace, why should God"s good gifts be spoilt?"
8	So she ran into the cellar again, took an enormous drink and ate up the one chicken in great glee.
8	Presently the guest came, and knocked politely and courteously at the house-door.
8	With this the doctor was satisfied, and returned to the hall, sat down to the table, and said: "My lord, now will I search in my book where the gold is hidden."
8	Then Doctor Knowall showed the lord where the money was, but did not say who had stolen it, and received from both sides much money in reward, and became a renowned man.
8	She was prettier than all the pretty girls that ever were seen before, and a shepherd lad, whose name was Jorindel, was very fond of her, and they were soon to be married.
8	It was a beautiful evening; the last rays of the setting sun shone bright through the long stems of the trees upon the green underwood beneath, and the turtle-doves sang from the tall birches.
8	"The ring-dove sang from the willow spray, Well-a-day!
8	In the morning when he awoke, he began to search over hill and dale for this pretty flower; and eight long days he sought for it in vain: but on the ninth day, early in the morning, he found the beautiful purple flower; and in the middle of it was a large dewdrop, as big as a costly pearl.
8	Jorindel was very glad indeed to see this.
8	He ran or flew after her, touched the cage with the flower, and Jorinda stood before him, and threw her arms round his neck looking as beautiful as ever, as beautiful as when they walked together in the wood.
8	Then he touched all the other birds with the flower, so that they all took their old forms again; and he took Jorinda home, where they were married, and lived happily together many years: and so did a good many other lads, whose maidens had been forced to sing in the old fairy"s cages by themselves, much longer than they liked.
8	There the child fared well, ate sugar-cakes, and drank sweet milk, and her clothes were of gold, and the little angels played with her.
8	In each of them sat one of the Apostles in the midst of a great light, and she rejoiced in all the magnificence and splendour, and the little angels who always accompanied her rejoiced with her.
8	Although she could not speak, she was still so beautiful and charming that he began to love her with all his heart, and it was not long before he married her.
8	When the Queen rejoiced thereat, the Virgin Mary said, "Is thy heart not yet softened?
8	She spoke kindly to her, and said, "He who repents his sin and acknowledges it, is forgiven."
8	"Pass the night with me, it is already dark," said he; "you cannot go any further to-night."
8	This pleased the Lord, and he went in.
8	The poor man"s wife shook hands with him, and welcomed him, and said he was to make himself at home and put up with what they had got; they had not much to offer him, but what they had they would give him with all their hearts.
8	When the cloth was laid, the Lord sat down with the man and his wife, and he enjoyed their coarse food, for there were happy faces at the table.
8	"With all my heart," he answered, "I will go and offer it to him;" and he went to the stranger and invited him, if he had no objection, to sleep in their bed and rest his limbs properly.
8	Then the man said, "What else should I wish for but eternal happiness, and that we two, as long as we live, may be healthy and have every day our daily bread; for the third wish, I do not know what to have."
8	"Oh, yes," said the man; "if I can have that, too, I should like it very much."
8	The rich man had now gained what he wanted, so he rode home, and began to consider what he should wish for.
8	"I have still two wishes left," said he, and comforted himself with that thought.
8	Then it came into his mind, what an easy life his wife had, for she stayed at home in a cool room and enjoyed herself.
8	So he got nothing by it but vexation, trouble, abuse, and the loss of his horse; but the poor people lived happily, quietly, and piously until their happy death.
8	"Hark ye!" said the ass, "I am going to the great city to turn musician: suppose you go with me, and try what you can do in the same way?"
8	The dog said he was willing, and they jogged on together.
8	"Oh," said the ass, "by all means go with us to the great city; you are a good night singer, and may make your fortune as a musician."
8	The cat was pleased with the thought, and joined the party.
8	If we care to sing in tune, we may get up some kind of a concert; so come along with us."
8	"With all my heart," said the cock: so they all four went on jollily together.
8	"Besides," added the dog, "I should not be the worse for a bone or two, or a bit of meat."
8	"Yes," said the ass, "if we could only get in"; so they consulted together how they should contrive to get the robbers out; and at last they hit upon a plan.
8	The coast once clear, our travellers soon sat down and dispatched what the robbers had left, with as much eagerness as if they had not expected to eat again for a month.
8	As soon as they had satisfied themselves, they put out the lights, and each once more sought out a resting-place to his own liking.
8	After this the robbers never dared to go back to the house; but the musicians were so pleased with their quarters that they took up their abode there; and there they are, I dare say, at this very day.
8	"Now that will do," said the giant, "thou art perfect," and took him back to the field from whence he had brought him.
8	The farmer was glad, put his two horses in his cart, and fetched from the smith a staff so large and thick, that the two horses could only just bring it away.
8	The miser was heartily satisfied, and thought he would thus save much money.
8	Then the bailiff was satisfied, for he, too, was a covetous fellow.
8	Then said the bailiff to his wife, "The servant is a good one, if he does sleep long, he is still home before the others."
8	The advice pleased the bailiff, and the head-servant was quite willing to go down the well.
8	As he was hungry, and saw the food, he, too, place himself at the table, ate with those who were eating and enjoyed it.
8	The miller rejoiced, and said that the mill was now released from the spell, and wanted to give him much money as a reward.
8	The poor fellow thought it was a great deal of money to have, and said to himself, "Why should I work hard, and live here on bad fare any longer?
8	I can now travel into the wide world, and make myself merry."
8	With that he put his money into his purse, and set out, roaming over hill and valley.
8	As he jogged along over the fields, singing and dancing, a little dwarf met him, and asked him what made him so merry.
8	"Why, what should make me down-hearted?" said he; "I am sound in health and rich in purse, what should I care for?
8	I have saved up my three years" earnings and have it all safe in my pocket."
8	Then the countryman rejoiced at his good luck, and said, "I like many things better than money: first, I will have a bow that will bring down everything I shoot at; secondly, a fiddle that will set everyone dancing that hears me play upon it; and thirdly, I should like that everyone should grant what I ask."
8	The dwarf said he should have his three wishes; so he gave him the bow and fiddle, and went his way.
8	Our honest friend journeyed on his way too; and if he was merry before, he was now ten times more so.
8	"Oh, what a pretty bird!" said the miser; "I would give a great deal of money to have such a one."
8	So he took the purse, put up his fiddle, and travelled on very pleased with his bargain.
8	She at once made herself a salad of it, and ate it greedily.
8	He rode home, but the singing had so deeply touched his heart, that every day he went out into the forest and listened to it.
8	Then Rapunzel lost her fear, and when he asked her if she would take him for her husband, and she saw that he was young and handsome, she thought: "He will love me more than old Dame Gothel does"; and she said yes, and laid her hand in his.
8	She said: "I will willingly go away with you, but I do not know how to get down.
8	Bring with you a skein of silk every time that you come, and I will weave a ladder with it, and when that is ready I will descend, and you will take me on your horse."
8	Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them as before.
8	He led her to his kingdom where he was joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.
8	As he drew near, the raven said, "I am by birth a king"s daughter, but am now under the spell of some enchantment; you can, however, set me free."
8	The man assured her again that he would on no account touch a thing to eat or drink.
8	Come in and rest and let me give you something to eat and drink."
8	When the giant saw him, he called out, "It is lucky for that you have come, for I have not had anything to eat for a long time.
8	I can have you now for my supper."
8	"If that is so," replied the giant, "I will leave you in peace; I only thought of eating you because I had nothing else."
8	So they went indoors together and sat down, and the man brought out the bread, meat, and wine, which although he had eaten and drunk of them, were still unconsumed.
8	The giant was pleased with the good cheer, and ate and drank to his heart"s content.
8	He was overjoyed to see her, and longed to get to the top of the mountain, but the sides were so slippery that every time he attempted to climb he fell back again.
8	When therefore she came to the castle gate she saw him, and cried aloud for joy.
8	Then he dismounted and took her in his arms; and she kissed him, and said, "Now you have indeed set me free, and tomorrow we will celebrate our marriage."
8	He found the blue light, and made her a signal to draw him up again.
8	"Good," said the soldier; "then in the first place help me out of this well."
8	On the way the dwarf showed him the treasures which the witch had collected and hidden there, and the soldier took as much gold as he could carry.
8	When he was above, he said to the little man: "Now go and bind the old witch, and carry her before the judge."
8	"It is all done," said he, "and the witch is already hanging on the gallows.
8	"At this moment, none," answered the soldier; "you can return home, only be at hand immediately, if I summon you."
8	The soldier returned to the town from which he come.
8	He went to the best inn, ordered himself handsome clothes, and then bade the landlord furnish him a room as handsome as possible.
8	His comrade ran thither and brought him what he wanted.
8	As soon as the soldier was alone again, he lighted his pipe and summoned the black manikin.
8	"Have no fear," said the latter to his master.
8	"Go wheresoever they take you, and let them do what they will, only take the blue light with you."
8	Then an angel from heaven came to her and said: "Be at rest, you shall have a son with the power of wishing, so that whatsoever in the world he wishes for, that shall he have."
8	Then she went to the king, and told him the joyful tidings, and when the time was come she gave birth to a son, and the king was filled with gladness.
8	The two played together, and loved each other with all their hearts, and the old cook went out hunting like a nobleman.
8	At length he said to the maiden: "I will go home to my own country; if you will go with me, I will provide for you."
8	Then they were all placed on sixty country carts, and driven home to the king, and for once he was able to deck his table with game, after having had none at all for years.
8	Now the king felt great joy at this, and commanded that his entire household should eat with him next day, and made a great feast.
8	When they were all assembled together, he said to the huntsman: "As you are so clever, you shall sit by me."
8	Hardly had he formed the wish than the marshal began, and said: "Your majesty, we live joyously here, but how is the queen living in the tower?
8	The king replied: "Yes, I would like to see her."
8	The son said: "Most gracious father, I will show her to you in the form of a beautiful flower," and he thrust his hand into his pocket and brought forth the pink, and placed it on the royal table, and it was so beautiful that the king had never seen one to equal it.
8	She lived three days more, and then died happily, and when she was buried, the two white doves which had brought her food to the tower, and were angels of heaven, followed her body and seated themselves on her grave.
8	His conscience was clear and his heart light amidst all his troubles; so he went peaceably to bed, left all his cares to Heaven, and soon fell asleep.
8	The same day a customer came in, and the shoes suited him so well that he willingly paid a price higher than usual for them; and the poor shoemaker, with the money, bought leather enough to make two pairs more.
8	The wife liked the thought; so they left a light burning, and hid themselves in a corner of the room, behind a curtain that was hung up there, and watched what would happen.
8	"These little wights have made us rich, and we ought to be thankful to them, and do them a good turn if we can.
8	The thought pleased the good cobbler very much; and one evening, when all the things were ready, they laid them on the table, instead of the work that they used to cut out, and then went and hid themselves, to watch what the little elves would do.
8	About midnight in they came, dancing and skipping, hopped round the room, and then went to sit down to their work as usual; but when they saw the clothes lying for them, they laughed and chuckled, and seemed mightily delighted.
8	Then they dressed themselves in the twinkling of an eye, and danced and capered and sprang about, as merry as could be; till at last they danced out at the door, and away over the green.
8	The good couple saw them no more; but everything went well with them from that time forward, as long as they lived.
8	"I should be very silly," said he, "if I went to that shabby house, and left this charming place"; so he went into the smart house, and ate and drank at his ease, and forgot the bird, and his country too.
8	He met the fox, who gave him the good advice: but when he came to the two inns, his eldest brother was standing at the window where the merrymaking was, and called to him to come in; and he could not withstand the temptation, but went in, and forgot the golden bird and his country in the same manner.
8	But he was thankful to the fox, and did not attempt his life as his brothers had done; so the fox said, "Sit upon my tail, and you will travel faster."
8	When they came to the village, the son followed the fox"s counsel, and without looking about him went to the shabby inn and rested there all night at his ease.
8	Then the king was obliged to keep his word, and away went the young man and the princess; and the fox came and said to him, "We will have all three, the princess, the horse, and the bird."
8	"Ah!" said the young man, "that would be a great thing, but how can you contrive it?"
8	This, too, happened as the fox said; they carried off the bird, the princess mounted again, and they rode on to a great wood.
8	"Well," thought the young man, "it is no hard matter to keep that advice."
8	Then he did not stay to think about the matter, but paid what was asked, and his brothers were given up, and went on with him towards their home.
8	"All this have we won by our labour."
8	So he dressed himself as a poor man, and came secretly to the king"s court, and was scarcely within the doors when the horse began to eat, and the bird to sing, and princess left off weeping.
8	Then he went to the king, and told him all his brothers" roguery; and they were seized and punished, and he had the princess given to him again; and after the king"s death he was heir to his kingdom.
8	The children, who saw from a distance that some one was approaching, thought that their dear father was coming to them, and full of joy, ran to meet him.
8	The Queen went home quite delighted, and thought she had got rid of her step-children, but the girl had not run out with her brothers, and the Queen knew nothing about her.
8	Then the maiden looked at them and recognized her brothers, was glad and crept forth from beneath the bed.
8	The brothers were not less delighted to see their little sister, but their joy was of short duration.
8	As she was so beautiful, the King"s heart was touched, and he was smitten with a great love for her.
8	He placed her by his side at table, and her modest bearing and courtesy pleased him so much that he said, "She is the one whom I wish to marry, and no other woman in the world."
8	Then she saw that her deliverance was near, and her heart leapt with joy.
8	Then to the great joy of the King they were brought thither, and as a punishment, the wicked step-mother was bound to the stake, and burnt to ashes.
8	But the King and the Queen with their six brothers lived many years in happiness and peace.
8	"Do just tell her, miss, that a young fox is here, who would like to woo her."
8	After this still more came, each with one tail more than the other, but they were all turned away, until at last one came who had nine tails, like old Mr Fox.
8	When the widow heard that, she said joyfully to the cat:
8	"Now open the gates and doors all wide, And carry old Mr Fox outside."
8	Whilst he was thus walking full of thought, he met a small tabby-cat which said quite kindly, "Hans, where are you going?"
8	They leapt nimbly upstairs and downstairs, and were merry and happy.
8	"That feels very soft!" said Hans.
8	"Yes," said Hans.
8	Then she opened the door of the small house, and when she had opened it, there stood twelve horses, such horses, so bright and shining, that his heart rejoiced at the sight of them.
8	In the morning when he awoke, the three days had passed, and a coach came with six horses and they shone so bright that it was delightful to see them! and a servant brought a seventh as well, which was for the poor miller"s boy.
8	They first drove to the little house which he had built with the silver tools, and behold it was a great castle, and everything inside it was of silver and gold; and then she married him, and he was rich, so rich that he had enough for all the rest of his life.
8	When the little girl heard this (for she stood behind the door all the time and listened), she ran forward, and in an instant all the ravens took their right form again; and all hugged and kissed each other, and went merrily home.
8	He was well entertained, and in the evening was taken to the chamber next to the one where the princesses lay in their twelve beds.
8	When the soldier heard all this good counsel, he determined to try his luck: so he went to the king, and said he was willing to undertake the task.
8	He was as well received as the others had been, and the king ordered fine royal robes to be given him; and when the evening came he was led to the outer chamber.
8	When the twelve princesses heard this they laughed heartily; and the eldest said, "This fellow too might have done a wiser thing than lose his life in this way!"
8	Then they rose up and opened their drawers and boxes, and took out all their fine clothes, and dressed themselves at the glass, and skipped about as if they were eager to begin dancing.
8	In the morning the soldier said nothing about what had happened, but determined to see more of this strange adventure, and went again the second and third night; and every thing happened just as before; the princesses danced each time till their shoes were worn to pieces, and then returned home.
8	"In milk I"m breaking bread so sweet, Will you be my guest, and eat?"
8	"Yes," said the cat, "he has."
8	"Then let him come upstairs," said Mrs Fox, and ordered the servant to prepare the wedding feast.
8	"Sweep me the room as clean as you can, Up with the window, fling out my old man!
8	For many a fine fat mouse he brought, Yet of his wife he never thought, But ate up every one he caught."
8	Then the wedding was solemnized with young Mr Fox, and there was much rejoicing and dancing; and if they have not left off, they are dancing still.
8	That suited the wolf, and they went thither, and the fox stole the little lamb, took it to the wolf, and went away.
8	There was meat in abundance, and the wolf attacked it instantly and thought, "There is plenty of time before I need leave off!"
8	The king looked at her and did not know her, but as they were such handsome fellows, he said: "Yes," and that he would willingly take them, and now they were the king"s twelve huntsmen.
8	The king was well pleased with the counsel, and caused the peas to be strewn.
8	The king liked the advice, and had the spinning-wheels placed in the ante-chamber.
8	The twelve huntsmen always followed the king to the chase, and his liking for them continually increased.
8	Then his heart was so touched that he kissed her, and when she opened her eyes he said: "You are mine, and I am yours, and no one in the world can alter that."
8	Thereupon the wedding was celebrated, and the lion was again taken into favour, because, after all, he had told the truth.
8	And the master said, "You have been a faithful and good servant, Hans, so your pay shall be handsome."
8	Hans took out his pocket-handkerchief, put the piece of silver into it, threw it over his shoulder, and jogged off on his road homewards.
8	There he sits as easy and happy as if he was at home, in the chair by his fireside; he trips against no stones, saves shoe-leather, and gets on he hardly knows how."
8	Hans was delighted as he sat on the horse, drew himself up, squared his elbows, turned out his toes, cracked his whip, and rode merrily off, one minute whistling a merry tune, and another singing,
8	"No care and no sorrow, A fig for the morrow!
8	We"ll laugh and be merry, Sing neigh down derry!"
8	His horse would have ran off, if a shepherd who was coming by, driving a cow, had not stopped it.
8	"Well," said the shepherd, "if you are so fond of her, I will change my cow for your horse; I like to do good to my neighbours, even though I lose by it myself."
8	"What a noble heart that good man has!" thought he.
8	Then the shepherd jumped upon the horse, wished Hans and the cow good morning, and away he rode.
8	Hans brushed his coat, wiped his face and hands, rested a while, and then drove off his cow quietly, and thought his bargain a very lucky one.
8	"If I have only a piece of bread (and I certainly shall always be able to get that), I can, whenever I like, eat my butter and cheese with it; and when I am thirsty I can milk my cow and drink the milk: and what can I wish for more?"
8	Luckily a butcher soon came by, driving a pig in a wheelbarrow.
8	"Well," said the butcher, "I don"t like to say no, when one is asked to do a kind, neighbourly thing.
8	To please you I will change, and give you my fine fat pig for the cow."
8	"Heaven reward you for your kindness and self-denial!" said Hans, as he gave the butcher the cow; and taking the pig off the wheel-barrow, drove it away, holding it by the string that was tied to its leg.
8	So on he jogged, and all seemed now to go right with him: he had met with some misfortunes, to be sure; but he was now well repaid for all.
8	How could it be otherwise with such a travelling companion as he had at last got?
8	The countryman stopped to ask what was o"clock; this led to further chat; and Hans told him all his luck, how he had so many good bargains, and how all the world went gay and smiling with him.
8	"Feel," said he, "how heavy it is, and yet it is only eight weeks old.
8	Whoever roasts and eats it will find plenty of fat upon it, it has lived so well!"
8	"Hark ye!" said he, "my worthy friend, you seem a good sort of fellow, so I can"t help doing you a kind turn.
8	However, I will not be hard upon you, as you are in trouble."
8	Then he took the string in his hand, and drove off the pig by a side path; while Hans went on the way homewards free from care.
8	"After all," thought he, "that chap is pretty well taken in.
8	I don"t care whose pig it is, but wherever it came from it has been a very good friend to me.
8	I have much the best of the bargain.
8	First there will be a capital roast; then the fat will find me in goose-grease for six months; and then there are all the beautiful white feathers.
8	I will put them into my pillow, and then I am sure I shall sleep soundly without rocking.
8	How happy my mother will be!
8	Talk of a pig, indeed!
8	Give me a fine fat goose."
8	"O"er hill and o"er dale So happy I roam, Work light and live well, All the world is my home; Then who so blythe, so merry as I?"
8	Hans stood looking on for a while, and at last said, "You must be well off, master grinder! you seem so happy at your work."
8	"Yes," said the other, "mine is a golden trade; a good grinder never puts his hand into his pocket without finding money in it--but where did you get that beautiful goose?"
8	"How can you ask?" said Hans; "I should be the happiest man in the world, if I could have money whenever I put my hand in my pocket: what could I want more? there"s the goose."
8	Hans took the stone, and went his way with a light heart: his eyes sparkled for joy, and he said to himself, "Surely I must have been born in a lucky hour; everything I could want or wish for comes of itself.
8	People are so kind; they seem really to think I do them a favour in letting them make me rich, and giving me good bargains."
8	For a while he watched it sinking in the deep clear water; then sprang up and danced for joy, and again fell upon his knees and thanked Heaven, with tears in his eyes, for its kindness in taking away his only plague, the ugly heavy stone.
8	"How happy am I!" cried he; "nobody was ever so lucky as I."
8	Then up he got with a light heart, free from all his troubles, and walked on till he reached his mother"s house, and told her how very easy the road to good luck was.
8	The coal replied: "I fortunately sprang out of the fire, and if I had not escaped by sheer force, my death would have been certain,--I should have been burnt to ashes."
8	The bean said: "I too have escaped with a whole skin, but if the old woman had got me into the pan, I should have been made into broth without any mercy, like my comrades."
8	I luckily slipped through her fingers."
8	The proposition pleased the two others, and they set out on their way together.
8	As he had a compassionate heart he pulled out his needle and thread, and sewed her together.
8	The bean thanked him most prettily, but as the tailor used black thread, all beans since then have a black seam.
8	And round about the wheel went merrily; the work was quickly done, and the straw was all spun into gold.
8	When the king came and saw this, he was greatly astonished and pleased; but his heart grew still more greedy of gain, and he shut up the poor miller"s daughter again with a fresh task.
8	The king was greatly delighted to see all this glittering treasure; but still he had not enough: so he took the miller"s daughter to a yet larger heap, and said, "All this must be spun tonight; and if it is, you shall be my queen."
8	Round went the wheel again to the old song, and the manikin once more spun the heap into gold.
8	The king came in the morning, and, finding all he wanted, was forced to keep his word; so he married the miller"s daughter, and she really became queen.
8	At the birth of her first little child she was very glad, and forgot the dwarf, and what she had said.
8	""Merrily the feast I"ll make.
8	Today I"ll brew, tomorrow bake; Merrily I"ll dance and sing, For next day will a stranger bring.
8	Little does my lady dream Rumpelstiltskin is my name!""
8	When the queen heard this she jumped for joy, and as soon as her little friend came she sat down upon her throne, and called all her court round to enjoy the fun; and the nurse stood by her side with the baby in her arms, as if it was quite ready to be given up.
8	Then the little man began to chuckle at the thought of having the poor child, to take home with him to his hut in the woods; and he cried out, "Now, lady, what is my name?"
8	"Can your name be RUMPELSTILTSKIN?" said the lady slyly.
8	Then he made the best of his way off, while the nurse laughed and the baby crowed; and all the court jeered at him for having had so much trouble for nothing, and said, "We wish you a very good morning, and a merry feast, Mr RUMPLESTILTSKIN!"
8	The tailor stood still, and looked at the seat for a long time, for it pleased him better than all else.
8	"Oh, Lord," answered the tailor joyously, "I threw it in my anger down to earth at an old woman whom I saw stealing two veils at the washing."
8	Then said the first, "My gift is, that she shall every day grow more beautiful."
8	The second said, "My gift is, that gold pieces shall fall out of her mouth every time she speaks."
8	The third said, "My gift is, that a king shall come and take her to wife."
8	In her joy she hastily gathered her basket full, thanked the little men, shook hands with each of them, and ran home to take her step-mother what she had longed for so much.
8	"Ah, yes, with all my heart," she answered, for she was glad to get away from the mother and sister.
8	So she got into the carriage and drove away with the King, and when they arrived at his palace, the wedding was celebrated with great pomp, as the little men had granted to the maiden.
8	Thereupon the King was full of great joy, but he kept the Queen hidden in a chamber until the Sunday, when the baby was to be christened.
8	"A lucky hit!" said he, as he called to his servant, and told him to go to a beautiful bed of roses that was there, and bring him away one of the finest flowers.
8	And as he came near home, it was Lily, his youngest and dearest daughter, that met him; she came running, and kissed him, and welcomed him home; and when she saw that he had brought her the rose, she was still more glad.
8	The next morning she asked the way she was to go, and took leave of her father, and went forth with a bold heart into the wood.
8	And when Lily came to the castle, he welcomed her so courteously that she agreed to marry him.
8	The wedding-feast was held, and they lived happily together a long time.
8	After some time he said to her, "Tomorrow there will be a great feast in your father"s house, for your eldest sister is to be married; and if you wish to go and visit her my lions shall lead you thither."
8	Then she rejoiced much at the thoughts of seeing her father once more, and set out with the lions; and everyone was overjoyed to see her, for they had thought her dead long since.
8	But she told them how happy she was, and stayed till the feast was over, and then went back to the wood.
8	Then she began to be glad, and thought to herself that the time was fast coming when all her troubles should end; yet repose was still far off, for one day as she was travelling on she missed the white feather, and when she lifted up her eyes she could nowhere see the dove.
8	Go to the Red Sea; on the right shore stand many rods--count them, and when thou comest to the eleventh, break it off, and smite the dragon with it; and so the lion will have the victory, and both of them will appear to you in their own forms.
8	Then look round and thou wilt see a griffin, winged like bird, sitting by the Red Sea; jump on to his back with thy beloved one as quickly as possible, and he will carry you over the waters to your home.
8	So she put it on, and went into the palace, and all the people gazed upon her; and the dress pleased the bride so much that she asked whether it was to be sold.
8	But as she sat she bethought herself of the egg that the moon had given her; and when she broke it, there ran out a hen and twelve chickens of pure gold, that played about, and then nestled under the old one"s wings, so as to form the most beautiful sight in the world.
8	And she rose up and drove them before her, till the bride saw them from her window, and was so pleased that she came forth and asked her if she would sell the brood.
8	Then the prince took care to throw away the sleeping draught; and when Lily came and began again to tell him what woes had befallen her, and how faithful and true to him she had been, he knew his beloved wife"s voice, and sprang up, and said, "You have awakened me as from a dream, for the strange princess had thrown a spell around me, so that I had altogether forgotten you; but Heaven hath sent you to me in a lucky hour."
8	There they found their child, now grown up to be comely and fair; and after all their troubles they lived happily together to the end of their days.
8	Once upon a time there was a dear little girl who was loved by everyone who looked at her, but most of all by her grandmother, and there was nothing that she would not have given to the child.
8	"I will take great care," said Little Red-Cap to her mother, and gave her hand on it.
8	Red-Cap did not know what a wicked creature he was, and was not at all afraid of him.
8	The wolf thought to himself: "What a tender young creature! what a nice plump mouthful--she will be better to eat than the old woman.
8	I must act craftily, so as to catch both."
8	I believe, too, that you do not hear how sweetly the little birds are singing; you walk gravely along as if you were going to school, while everything else out here in the wood is merry."
8	It is so early in the day that I shall still get there in good time"; and so she ran from the path into the wood to look for flowers.
8	And whenever she had picked one, she fancied that she saw a still prettier one farther on, and ran after it, and so got deeper and deeper into the wood.
8	When the wolf had appeased his appetite, he lay down again in the bed, fell asleep and began to snore very loud.
8	Then all three were delighted.
8	The huntsman drew off the wolf"s skin and went home with it; the grandmother ate the cake and drank the wine which Red-Cap had brought, and revived, but Red-Cap thought to herself: "As long as I live, I will never by myself leave the path, to run into the wood, when my mother has forbidden me to do so."
8	But Red-Cap went joyously home, and no one ever did anything to harm her again.
8	For a long time all went well; they lived in great comfort, and prospered so far as to be able to add considerably to their stores.
8	And so it came to pass, that the bird, while out one day, met a fellow bird, to whom he boastfully expatiated on the excellence of his household arrangements.
8	The sausage had only to watch the pot to see that the food was properly cooked, and when it was near dinner-time, he just threw himself into the broth, or rolled in and out among the vegetables three or four times, and there they were, buttered, and salted, and ready to be served.
8	One summer"s morning a little tailor was sitting on his table by the window; he was in good spirits, and sewed with all his might.
8	This rang pleasantly in the tailor"s ears; he stretched his delicate head out of the window, and called: "Come up here, dear woman; here you will get rid of your goods."
8	He inspected each one, lifted it up, put his nose to it, and at length said: "The jam seems to me to be good, so weigh me out four ounces, dear woman, and if it is a quarter of a pound that is of no consequence."
8	"Now, this jam shall be blessed by God," cried the little tailor, "and give me health and strength"; so he brought the bread out of the cupboard, cut himself a piece right across the loaf and spread the jam over it.
8	He laid the bread near him, sewed on, and in his joy, made bigger and bigger stitches.
8	In the meantime the smell of the sweet jam rose to where the flies were sitting in great numbers, and they were attracted and descended on it in hosts.
8	"Hi! who invited you?" said the little tailor, and drove the unbidden guests away.
8	"Are you a fellow of that sort?" said he, and could not help admiring his own bravery.
8	And the little tailor hastened to cut himself a girdle, stitched it, and embroidered on it in large letters: "Seven at one stroke!"
8	"What, the town!" he continued, "the whole world shall hear of it!" and his heart wagged with joy like a lamb"s tail.
8	The tailor put on the girdle, and resolved to go forth into the world, because he thought his workshop was too small for his valour.
8	Now he took to the road boldly, and as he was light and nimble, he felt no fatigue.
8	The road led him up a mountain, and when he had reached the highest point of it, there sat a powerful giant looking peacefully about him.
8	The little tailor went bravely up, spoke to him, and said: "Good day, comrade, so you are sitting there overlooking the wide-spread world!
8	I am just on my way thither, and want to try my luck.
8	"Faith," said he, "that was a little better, wasn"t it?"
8	"Now, little mite of a man, do that likewise," "Well thrown," said the tailor, "but after all the stone came down to earth again; I will throw you one which shall never come back at all," and he put his hand into his pocket, took out the bird, and threw it into the air.
8	The bird, delighted with its liberty, rose, flew away and did not come back.
8	The giant took the trunk on his shoulder, but the tailor seated himself on a branch, and the giant, who could not look round, had to carry away the whole tree, and the little tailor into the bargain: he behind, was quite merry and happy, and whistled the song: "Three tailors rode forth from the gate," as if carrying the tree were child"s play.
8	The tailor sprang nimbly down, seized the tree with both arms as if he had been carrying it, and said to the giant: "You are such a great fellow, and yet cannot even carry the tree!"
8	When it was midnight, and the giant thought that the little tailor was lying in a sound sleep, he got up, took a great iron bar, cut through the bed with one blow, and thought he had finished off the grasshopper for good.
8	With the earliest dawn the giants went into the forest, and had quite forgotten the little tailor, when all at once he walked up to them quite merrily and boldly.
8	They went and announced him to the king, and gave it as their opinion that if war should break out, this would be a weighty and useful man who ought on no account to be allowed to depart.
8	The counsel pleased the king, and he sent one of his courtiers to the little tailor to offer him military service when he awoke.
8	"You need not concern yourself about that," answered the tailor, "they have not bent one hair of mine."
8	"Softly, softly; it can"t be done as quickly as that," said he, and stood still and waited until the animal was quite close, and then sprang nimbly behind the tree.
8	"Now, I have got the bird," said the tailor, and came out from behind the tree and put the rope round its neck, and then with his axe he hewed the horn out of the tree, and when all was ready he led the beast away and took it to the king.
8	The wedding was held with great magnificence and small joy, and out of a tailor a king was made.
8	The king comforted her and said: "Leave your bedroom door open this night, and my servants shall stand outside, and when he has fallen asleep shall go in, bind him, and take him on board a ship which shall carry him into the wide world."
8	The woman was satisfied with this; but the king"s armour-bearer, who had heard all, was friendly with the young lord, and informed him of the whole plot.
8	He sought out a high oak, climbed up to the top of it, and thanked God that he had his goose with him, for otherwise the wind which blew over the top of the tree would have carried him away.
8	He knocked boldly, the door opened, and by the light which came forth he saw a little hoary old man who wore a coat made of bits of colored stuff sewn together.
8	He looked at everything full of admiration, and was on the point of going out again, when he once more heard the voice which said to him, "Step on the stone which lies in the middle of the hall, and great good fortune awaits thee."
8	How his admiration increased when he saw therein a maiden of the greatest beauty!
8	The tailor was looking at the beauty with beating heart, when she suddenly opened her eyes, and started up at the sight of him in joyful terror.
8	Quick, quick, help me out of my prison; if thou pushest back the bolt of this glass coffin, then I shall be free."
8	Then she seated herself on a stone, ordered the young man to come to her, and after she had imprinted a friendly kiss on his lips, she said, "My long-desired deliverer, kind Heaven has guided thee to me, and put an end to my sorrows.
8	Thou art the husband chosen for me by Heaven, and shalt pass thy life in unbroken joy, loved by me, and rich to overflowing in every earthly possession.
8	We loved each other so tenderly, and were so alike in our way of thinking and our inclinations, that we both embraced the resolution never to marry, but to stay together to the end of our lives.
8	My brother liked the stranger so much that he begged him to spend a couple of days with us, to which, after some hesitation, he consented.
8	Amongst the visions which passed before my eyes, that was the most comforting in which a young man came and set me free, and when I opened my eyes to-day I saw thee, and beheld my dream fulfilled.
8	Her joy was still more increased when her brother, who had killed the magician in the form of the bull, came out of the forest towards them in his human form, and on the self-same day the maiden, in accordance with her promise, gave her hand at the altar to the lucky tailor.
8	When he went inside, the dogs did not bark at him, but wagged their tails quite amicably around him, ate what he set before them, and did not hurt one hair of his head.
8	Then all who heard this rejoiced, and the lord of the castle said he would adopt him as a son if he accomplished it successfully.
8	He went down again, and as he knew what he had to do, he did it thoroughly, and brought a chest full of gold out with him.
8	The howling of the wild dogs was henceforth heard no more; they had disappeared, and the country was freed from the trouble.
8	Then was he anointed and consecrated, and thus was fulfilled what he had heard from the frogs on his way, which had so affected him, that he was to be his Holiness the Pope.
8	Then he had to sing a mass, and did not know one word of it, but the two doves sat continually on his shoulders, and said it all in his ear.
8	Then she sought for leaves and moss to make a soft bed for the roe; and every morning she went out and gathered roots and berries and nuts for herself, and brought tender grass for the roe, who ate out of her hand, and was content and played round about her.
8	Then the young roebuck sprang away; so happy was he and so merry in the open air.
8	The next day the hunt went on afresh, and when the roebuck again heard the bugle-horn, and the ho! ho! of the huntsmen, he had no peace, but said, "Sister, let me out, I must be off."
8	But the King looked kindly at her, stretched out his hand, and said, "Will you go with me to my palace and be my dear wife?"
8	"Yes, indeed," answered the maiden, "but the little roe must go with me, I cannot leave him."
8	She was now the Queen, and they lived for a long time happily together; the roebuck was tended and cherished, and ran about in the palace-garden.
8	In the evening when he came home and heard that he had a son he was heartily glad, and was going to the bed of his dear wife to see how she was.
8	She answered, "Yes, I am your dear wife," and at the same moment she received life again, and by God"s grace became fresh, rosy, and full of health.
8	And as soon as she was burnt the roebuck changed his shape, and received his human form again, so the sister and brother lived happily together all their lives.
8	So the young man agreed to follow his trade, and he soon showed himself so clever, that nothing could escape him that he had once set his mind upon.
8	The plan pleased him much, and he soon became such a skilful star-gazer, that when he had served out his time, and wanted to leave his master, he gave him a glass, and said, "With this you can see all that is passing in the sky and on earth, and nothing can be hidden from you."
8	The third brother met a huntsman, who took him with him, and taught him so well all that belonged to hunting, that he became very clever in the craft of the woods; and when he left his master he gave him a bow, and said, "Whatever you shoot at with this bow you will be sure to hit."
8	Not knowing what better to do, he came into the plan, and learnt tailoring from the beginning; and when he left his master, he gave him a needle, and said, "You can sew anything with this, be it as soft as an egg or as hard as steel; and the joint will be so fine that no seam will be seen."
8	After the space of four years, at the time agreed upon, the four brothers met at the four cross-roads; and having welcomed each other, set off towards their father"s home, where they told him all that had happened to them, and how each had learned some craft.
8	Oh, that a time might soon come for you to turn your skill to some account!"
8	Then the four brothers said to each other, "Here is a chance for us; let us try what we can do."
8	"Then I will try my skill," said the thief, and went and stole her away from under the dragon, so quietly and gently that the beast did not know it, but went on snoring.
8	But when he got over the boat, and wanted to pounce upon them and carry off the princess, the huntsman took up his bow and shot him straight through the heart so that he fell down dead.
8	So the tailor took his needle, and with a few large stitches put some of the planks together; and he sat down upon these, and sailed about and gathered up all pieces of the boat; and then tacked them together so quickly that the boat was soon ready, and they then reached the ship and got home safe.
8	When they had brought home the princess to her father, there was great rejoicing; and he said to the four brothers, "One of you shall marry her, but you must settle amongst yourselves which it is to be."
8	But to make up for your loss, I will give each of you, as a reward for his skill, half a kingdom."
8	So the brothers agreed that this plan would be much better than either quarrelling or marrying a lady who had no mind to have them.
8	And the king then gave to each half a kingdom, as he had said; and they lived very happily the rest of their days, and took good care of their father; and somebody took better care of the young lady, than to let either the dragon or one of the craftsmen have her again.
8	The dog liked this plan very well; and accordingly so it was managed.
8	Then the shepherd patted him on the head, and said, "Old Sultan has saved our child from the wolf, and therefore he shall live and be well taken care of, and have plenty to eat.
8	So from this time forward Sultan had all that he could wish for.
8	Then he wanted to go his way; but she took hold of him, and said, "Listen, my friend, to what I am going to tell you; I will reward you for your kindness; go your way, and after a little time you will come to a tree where you will see nine birds sitting on a cloak.
8	Shoot into the midst of them, and one will fall down dead: the cloak will fall too; take it, it is a wishing-cloak, and when you wear it you will find yourself at any place where you may wish to be.
8	Cut open the dead bird, take out its heart and keep it, and you will find a piece of gold under your pillow every morning when you rise.
8	It is the bird"s heart that will bring you this good luck."
8	The huntsman thanked her, and thought to himself, "If all this does happen, it will be a fine thing for me."
8	"Well," said the huntsman, "this is wonderful; this happens just as the old woman said"; then he shot into the midst of them so that their feathers flew all about.
8	The next morning when he awoke he lifted up his pillow, and there lay the piece of gold glittering underneath; the same happened next day, and indeed every day when he arose.
8	I will go out into the world and look about me."
8	Then he took leave of his friends, and hung his bag and bow about his neck, and went his way.
8	Then he went into the house, and was welcomed kindly; and it was not long before he was so much in love that he thought of nothing else but looking at the lady"s eyes, and doing everything that she wished.
8	So the lady stole it away, and he never found any more gold under his pillow, for it lay now under the young lady"s, and the old woman took it away every morning; but he was so much in love that he never missed his prize.
8	"If that"s all your grief," said the huntsman, "I"ll take there with all my heart"; so he drew her under his cloak, and the moment he wished to be on the granite mountain they were both there.
8	The diamonds glittered so on all sides that they were delighted with the sight and picked up the finest.
8	So they sat down, and he laid his head in her lap and fell asleep; and whilst he was sleeping on she took the cloak from his shoulders, hung it on her own, picked up the diamonds, and wished herself home again.
8	At last he thought to himself, "I can eat salad, it will refresh and strengthen me."
8	However, he still felt very hungry, and the salad tasted very nice; so he ate on till he came to another kind of salad, and scarcely had he tasted it when he felt another change come over him, and soon saw that he was lucky enough to have found his old shape again.
8	Then he laid himself down and slept off a little of his weariness; and when he awoke the next morning he broke off a head both of the good and the bad salad, and thought to himself, "This will help me to my fortune again, and enable me to pay off some folks for their treachery."
8	So he went away to try and find the castle of his friends; and after wandering about a few days he luckily found it.
8	And as he went he saw two asses in the court running about, and the salad lying on the ground.
8	Then he took up the rest of the leaves, laid them on the dish and brought them to the young lady, saying, "I bring you the dish myself that you may not wait any longer."
8	Then the huntsman washed his face and went into the court that they might know him.
8	After this he went back to the castle, where he found everything he wanted.
8	But he said, "Keep it, it will be just the same thing, for I mean to make you my wife."
8	So they were married, and lived together very happily till they died.
8	Now she had a golden ball in her hand, which was her favourite plaything; and she was always tossing it up into the air, and catching it again as it fell.
8	The frog said, "I want not your pearls, and jewels, and fine clothes; but if you will love me, and let me live with you and eat from off your golden plate, and sleep upon your bed, I will bring you your ball again."
8	He can never even get out of the spring to visit me, though he may be able to get my ball for me, and therefore I will tell him he shall have what he asks."
8	So she said to the frog, "Well, if you will bring me my ball, I will do all you ask."
8	As soon as the young princess saw her ball, she ran to pick it up; and she was so overjoyed to have it in her hand again, that she never thought of the frog, but ran home with it as fast as she could.
8	"Open the door, my princess dear, Open the door to thy true love here!
8	She did so, and the frog hopped into the room, and then straight on--tap, tap--plash, plash-- from the bottom of the room to the top, till he came up close to the table where the princess sat.
8	"Pray lift me upon chair," said he to the princess, "and let me sit next to you."
8	"Now, then," thought the princess, "at last he is gone, and I shall be troubled with him no more."
8	He told her that he had been enchanted by a spiteful fairy, who had changed him into a frog; and that he had been fated so to abide till some princess should take him out of the spring, and let him eat from her plate, and sleep upon her bed for three nights.
8	"You," said the prince, "have broken his cruel charm, and now I have nothing to wish for but that you should go with me into my father"s kingdom, where I will marry you, and love you as long as you live."
8	The young princess, you may be sure, was not long in saying "Yes" to all this; and as they spoke a gay coach drove up, with eight beautiful horses, decked with plumes of feathers and a golden harness; and behind the coach rode the prince"s servant, faithful Heinrich, who had bewailed the misfortunes of his dear master during his enchantment so long and so bitterly, that his heart had well-nigh burst.
8	They then took leave of the king, and got into the coach with eight horses, and all set out, full of joy and merriment, for the prince"s kingdom, which they reached safely; and there they lived happily a great many years.
8	"Good day, Gretel."
8	"Good day, Hans.
8	What do you bring that is good?"
8	"Good day, Gretel."
8	"Good day, Hans.
8	Gretel presents Hans with a young goat.
8	"Good day, Gretel."
8	"Good day, Hans.
8	What good thing do you bring?"
8	The dogs come and devour the bacon.
8	"Good day, Hans, What good thing do you bring?"
8	Gretel presents Hans with a calf.
8	"Goodbye, Gretel."
8	"Goodbye, Hans."
8	"Good day, Gretel."
8	"Good day, Hans.
8	What good thing do you bring?"
8	Gretel says to Hans: "I will go with you."
8	"Good evening, Hans.
8	"I led her by the rope, tied her to the rack, and scattered some grass for her."
8	Then the dog snapped it up, and scrambled away with it into a corner, where he soon ate it all up.
8	When the dog had eaten this too, the sparrow said to him, "Well, my good friend, have you had enough now?"
8	"I have had plenty of meat," answered he, "but I should like to have a piece of bread to eat after it."
8	"Come with me then," said the sparrow, "and you shall soon have that too."
8	"Yes," said he; "and now let us take a walk a little way out of the town."
8	The forester climbed up, brought the child down, and thought to himself: "You will take him home with you, and bring him up with your Lina."
8	Fundevogel said: "Neither now, nor ever will I leave you."
8	Fundevogel said: "Neither now, nor ever."
8	Fundevogel said: "Neither now; nor ever."
8	Then said Fundevogel: "Neither now, nor ever."
8	Then the children went home together, and were heartily delighted, and if they have not died, they are living still.
8	Then they took the old grandfather to the table, and henceforth always let him eat with them, and likewise said nothing if he did spill a little of anything.
8	Then the queen took pity on the little fish, and threw it back again into the river; and before it swam away it lifted its head out of the water and said, "I know what your wish is, and it shall be fulfilled, in return for your kindness to me--you will soon have a daughter."
8	What the little fish had foretold soon came to pass; and the queen had a little girl, so very beautiful that the king could not cease looking on it for joy, and said he would hold a great feast and make merry, and show the child to all the land.
8	So twelve fairies came, each with a high red cap on her head, and red shoes with high heels on her feet, and a long white wand in her hand: and after the feast was over they gathered round in a ring and gave all their best gifts to the little princess.
8	"How prettily that little thing turns round!" said the princess, and took the spindle and began to try and spin.
8	She looked so beautiful that he could not take his eyes off her, so he stooped down and gave her a kiss.
8	But the moment he kissed her she opened her eyes and awoke, and smiled upon him; and they went out together; and soon the king and queen also awoke, and all the court, and gazed on each other with great wonder.
8	And then the prince and Briar Rose were married, and the wedding feast was given; and they lived happily together all their lives long.
8	"Kate!
8	"What a lucky thing," said she, "that we kept that meal! we have now a good use for it."
8	Then she strewed the meal all about the cellar, and was quite pleased with her cleverness, and said, "How very neat and clean it looks!"
8	Now he had a good deal of gold in the house: so he said to Catherine, "What pretty yellow buttons these are!
8	So the rogues went: and when they found what these yellow buttons were, they took them all away, and left her plenty of plates and dishes.
8	"See," said she, "I have bought all these with your yellow buttons: but I did not touch them myself; the pedlars went themselves and dug them up."
8	Catherine stood musing for a while, and at last said to her husband, "Hark ye, Frederick, we will soon get the gold back: let us run after the thieves."
8	"Well, we will try," answered he; "but take some butter and cheese with you, that we may have something to eat by the way."
8	"It does not matter," thought she: "when we turn back, I shall be so much nearer home than he."
8	"Oh!" answered she, "I used the butter to grease those poor trees that the wheels chafed so: and one of the cheeses ran away so I sent the other after it to find it, and I suppose they are both on the road together somewhere."
8	Catherine did as he told her, and thought to herself by the way, "Frederick wants something to eat; but I don"t think he is very fond of butter and cheese: I"ll bring him a bag of fine nuts, and the vinegar, for I have often seen him take some."
8	So she took her time by the way; and when she overtook her husband she cried out, "There, Frederick, there is the door itself, you may watch it as carefully as you please."
8	So when Frederick and Catherine came down, there they found all their money safe and sound.
8	Then the king said, "You have sung so well, that I will give you my daughter for your wife."
8	At first the trade went well; for many people, seeing such a beautiful woman, went to buy her wares, and paid their money without thinking of taking away the goods.
8	Everything was ready, and all the pomp and brightness of the court was there.
8	And the servants gave her some of the rich meats, which she put into her basket to take home.
8	I am the fiddler who has lived with you in the hut.
8	I brought you there because I really loved you.
8	I am also the soldier that overset your stall.
8	I have done all this only to cure you of your silly pride, and to show you the folly of your ill-treatment of me.
8	Now all is over: you have learnt wisdom, and it is time to hold our marriage feast."
8	Then the chamberlains came and brought her the most beautiful robes; and her father and his whole court were there already, and welcomed her home on her marriage.
8	Joy was in every face and every heart.
8	The feast was grand; they danced and sang; all were merry; and I only wish that you and I had been of the party.
8	As they were now set free, Roland said: "Now I will go to my father and arrange for the wedding."
8	"Then in the meantime I will stay here and wait for you," said the girl, "and that no one may recognize me, I will change myself into a red stone landmark."
8	But when Roland got home, he fell into the snares of another, who so fascinated him that he forgot the maiden.
8	And now the time drew near when Roland"s wedding was to be celebrated, and then, according to an old custom in the country, it was announced that all the girls were to be present at it, and sing in honour of the bridal pair.
8	Then the faithful maiden held her wedding with her sweetheart Roland, and grief came to an end and joy began.
8	So they ate and drank, and after that the little man said: "Since you have a good heart, and are willing to divide what you have, I will give you good luck.
8	He lifted her up, and taking her with him, went to an inn where he thought he would stay the night.
8	When Dummling heard this, he went with his goose and all her train before the king"s daughter, and as soon as she saw the seven people running on and on, one behind the other, she began to laugh quite loudly, and as if she would never stop.
8	"There, I can help you," said Dummling, "just come with me and you shall be satisfied."
8	He led him into the king"s cellar, and the man bent over the huge barrels, and drank and drank till his loins hurt, and before the day was out he had emptied all the barrels.
8	At this Dummling was glad, and said: "Get up and come with me; you shall eat yourself full."
8	The man from the forest stood before it, began to eat, and by the end of one day the whole mountain had vanished.
8	When he heard what Dummling wanted, he said: "Since you have given me to eat and to drink, I will give you the ship; and I do all this because you once were kind to me."
8	The wedding was celebrated, and after the king"s death, Dummling inherited his kingdom and lived for a long time contentedly with his wife.
8	Then Ashputtel brought the dish to her mother, overjoyed at the thought that now she should go to the ball.
8	And thus she thought she should at least get rid of her.
8	And then Ashputtel took the dishes to her mother, rejoicing to think that she should now go to the ball.
8	Thus they danced till a late hour of the night; and then she wanted to go home: and the king"s son said, "I shall go and take care of you to your home"; for he wanted to see where the beautiful maiden lived.
8	Then both the sisters were overjoyed to hear it; for they had beautiful feet, and had no doubt that they could wear the golden slipper.
8	And when he drew near and looked at her face he knew her, and said, "This is the right bride."
8	So they said, "Well, we cannot say we have not got what we wished for, and, little as he is, we will love him dearly."
8	Still, his eyes were sharp and sparkling, and he soon showed himself to be a clever little fellow, who always knew well what he was about.
8	"Never mind that, father," said Tom; "if my mother will only harness the horse, I will get into his ear and tell him which way to go."
8	Then Tom Thumb, seeing his father, cried out, "See, father, here I am with the cart, all right and safe! now take me down!"
8	So his father took hold of the horse with one hand, and with the other took his son out of the horse"s ear, and put him down upon a straw, where he sat as merry as you please.
8	But Tom, hearing of the bargain they wanted to make, crept up his father"s coat to his shoulder and whispered in his ear, "Take the money, father, and let them have me; I"ll soon come back to you."
8	"Oh, put me on the rim of your hat; that will be a nice gallery for me; I can walk about there and see the country as we go along."
8	"Good night, my masters!" said he, "I"m off! mind and look sharp after me the next time."
8	"This is lucky," said he, "I can sleep here very well"; and in he crept.
8	"I"ll tell you!" cried Tom.
8	"Why, I can get between the iron window-bars of the parson"s house, and throw you out whatever you want."
8	Tom, however, was still not disheartened; and thinking the wolf would not dislike having some chat with him as he was going along, he called out, "My good friend, I can show you a famous treat."
8	The wolf did not want to be asked twice; so that very night he went to the house and crawled through the drain into the kitchen, and then into the pantry, and ate and drank there to his heart"s content.
8	This was just what Tom had reckoned upon; and now he began to set up a great shout, making all the noise he could.
8	"What"s that to me?" said the little man; "you have had your frolic, now I"ve a mind to be merry myself"; and he began, singing and shouting as loud as he could.
8	Tom heard all this, and cried out, "Father, father!
8	And his father said, "Heaven be praised! we have found our dear child again"; and he told his wife not to use the scythe for fear she should hurt him.
8	Then he aimed a great blow, and struck the wolf on the head, and killed him on the spot! and when he was dead they cut open his body, and set Tommy free.
8	"Ah!" said the father, "what fears we have had for you!"
8	"Yes, father," answered he; "I have travelled all over the world, I think, in one way or other, since we parted; and now I am very glad to come home and get fresh air again."
8	"I have been in a mouse-hole--and in a snail-shell--and down a cow"s throat-- and in the wolf"s belly; and yet here I am again, safe and sound."
8	"Well," said they, "you are come back, and we will not sell you again for all the riches in the world."
8	Then they hugged and kissed their dear little son, and gave him plenty to eat and drink, for he was very hungry; and then they fetched new clothes for him, for his old ones had been quite spoiled on his journey.
8	So Master Thumb stayed at home with his father and mother, in peace; for though he had been so great a traveller, and had done and seen so many fine things, and was fond enough of telling the whole story, he always agreed that, after all, there"s no place like HOME!
8	And the dwarf married the youngest and the best of the princesses, and was king after her father"s death; but his two brothers married the other two sisters.
8	A certain cat had made the acquaintance of a mouse, and had said so much to her about the great love and friendship she felt for her, that at length the mouse agreed that they should live and keep house together.
8	"Yes, yes," answered the mouse, "by all means go, and if you get anything very good to eat, think of me.
8	Then she took a walk upon the roofs of the town, looked out for opportunities, and then stretched herself in the sun, and licked her lips whenever she thought of the pot of fat, and not until it was evening did she return home.
8	"All went off well," answered the cat.
8	"Nothing ever seems so good as what one keeps to oneself," said she, and was quite satisfied with her day"s work.
8	"When everything is eaten up one has some peace," said she to herself, and well filled and fat she did not return home till night.
8	From this time forth no one invited the cat to be godmother, but when the winter had come and there was no longer anything to be found outside, the mouse thought of their provision, and said: "Come, cat, we will go to our pot of fat which we have stored up for ourselves--we shall enjoy that."
8	"Ah," sighed the woman heavily, "if I had but a child, as red as blood and as white as snow," and as she spoke the words, her heart grew light within her, and it seemed to her that her wish was granted, and she returned to the house feeling glad and comforted.
8	Once again the wife stood under the juniper-tree, and it was so full of sweet scent that her heart leaped for joy, and she was so overcome with her happiness, that she fell on her knees.
8	Then she felt comforted and happy again, and before another month had passed she had a little child, and when she saw that it was as white as snow and as red as blood, her joy was so great that she died.
8	He now had a little daughter born to him; the child of his first wife was a boy, who was as red as blood and as white as snow.
8	Then she laid them in the green grass under the junipertree, and she had no sooner done so, then all her sadness seemed to leave her, and she wept no more.
8	Little Marleen now felt as lighthearted and happy as if her brother were still alive, and she went back to the house and sat down cheerfully to the table and ate.
8	"My mother killed her little son; My father grieved when I was gone; My sister loved me best of all; She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	But he ran on into the middle of the street, with a slipper on one foot and a sock on the other; he still had on his apron, and still held the gold chain and the pincers in his hands, and so he stood gazing up at the bird, while the sun came shining brightly down on the street.
8	"Bird," he said, "how beautifully you sing!
8	The bird flew down and took the gold chain in his right claw, and then he alighted again in front of the goldsmith and sang:
8	"My mother killed her little son; My father grieved when I was gone; My sister loved me best of all; She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	"My mother killed her little son; My father grieved when I was gone; My sister loved me best of all; She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	"Bird," he said, "how beautifully you sing!"
8	Then he called through the door to his wife: "Wife, come out; here is a bird, come and look at it and hear how beautifully it sings."
8	Then he called his daughter and the children, then the apprentices, girls and boys, and they all ran up the street to look at the bird, and saw how splendid it was with its red and green feathers, and its neck like burnished gold, and eyes like two bright stars in its head.
8	"My mother killed her little son; My father grieved when I was gone; My sister loved me best of all; She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	"Bird," he said, "what a beautiful song that is you sing!
8	Let me hear it too; sing it again."
8	"My mother killed her little son; My father grieved when I was gone; My sister loved me best of all; She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	And when he had finished his song, he spread his wings, and with the chain in his right claw, the shoes in his left, and the millstone round his neck, he flew right away to his father"s house.
8	"How lighthearted I feel," said the father, "so pleased and cheerful."
8	"I do feel so happy," said the father, "and how beautifully the sun shines; I feel just as if I were going to see an old friend again."
8	"Look, mother," said the man, "at the beautiful bird that is singing so magnificently; and how warm and bright the sun is, and what a delicious scent of spice in the air!"
8	My sister loved me best of all;
8	"I must go outside and see the bird nearer," said the man.
8	She laid her kerchief over me, And took my bones that they might lie Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	He went inside, and said, "See, what a splendid bird that is; he has given me this beautiful gold chain, and looks so beautiful himself."
8	My sister loved me best of all;
8	Underneath the juniper-tree Kywitt, Kywitt, what a beautiful bird am I!"
8	And she now felt quite happy and lighthearted; she put on the shoes and danced and jumped about in them.
8	"I was so miserable," she said, "when I came out, but that has all passed away; that is indeed a splendid bird, and he has given me a pair of red shoes."
8	The father and little Marleen heard the sound and ran out, but they only saw mist and flame and fire rising from the spot, and when these had passed, there stood the little brother, and he took the father and little Marleen by the hand; then they all three rejoiced, and went inside together and sat down to their dinners and ate.
8	"See," said the king, "if you can catch it alive, and we will take it with us."
8	But the king came up to her, and held out his hand and danced with her; and he thought in his heart, "I never saw any one half so beautiful."
8	When the dance was over, the king ordered his soup to be brought in; and it pleased him so well, that he thought he had never tasted any so good before.
8	Then she ran to her little cabin, washed herself quickly, and took her dress out which was silvery as the moon, and put it on; and when she went in, looking like a king"s daughter, the king went up to her, and rejoiced at seeing her again, and when the dance began he danced with her.
8	Whilst the cook was above stairs, she got the golden necklace and dropped it into the soup; then it was brought to the king, who ate it, and it pleased him as well as before; so he sent for the cook, who was again forced to tell him that Cat-skin had cooked it.
8	Then she put on her dress which sparkled like the stars, and went into the ball-room in it; and the king danced with her again, and thought she had never looked so beautiful as she did then.
8	But the king said, "You are my beloved bride, and we will never more be parted from each other."
8	And the wedding feast was held, and a merry day it was, as ever was heard of or seen in that country, or indeed in any other.
8	"With all my heart," said Partlet, "let us go and make a holiday of it together."
8	It happened that the cat met the fox in a forest, and as she thought to herself: "He is clever and full of experience, and much esteemed in the world," she spoke to him in a friendly way.
8	"Good day, dear Mr Fox, how are you?
8	But this queen died; and the king soon married another wife, who became queen, and was very beautiful, but so vain that she could not bear to think that anyone could be handsomer than she was.
8	"Thou, queen, art the fairest in all the land."
8	But Snowdrop grew more and more beautiful; and when she was seven years old she was as bright as the day, and fairer than the queen herself.
8	So she tried all the little beds; but one was too long, and another was too short, till at last the seventh suited her: and there she laid herself down and went to sleep.
8	And they were very glad to see her, and took care not to wake her; and the seventh dwarf slept an hour with each of the other dwarfs in turn, till the night was gone.
8	"I will let the old lady in; she seems to be a very good sort of body," thought Snowdrop, as she ran down and unbolted the door.
8	However, they lifted her up, and when they found what ailed her, they cut the lace; and in a little time she began to breathe, and very soon came to life again.
8	"There you may lie," said the queen, and went her way.
8	"This time nothing will save thee," said the queen; and she went home to her glass, and at last it said:
8	"Thou, queen, art the fairest of all the fair."
8	And then her wicked heart was glad, and as happy as such a heart could be.
8	And the prince said, "Thou art quite safe with me."
8	Then he told her all that had happened, and said, "I love you far better than all the world; so come with me to my father"s palace, and you shall be my wife."
8	And Snowdrop consented, and went home with the prince; and everything was got ready with great pomp and splendour for their wedding.
8	When the King heard that he owed the victory to him alone, he raised him above all the others, gave him great treasures, and made him the first in the kingdom.
8	"I must be buried with her," he replied, "if I outlive her, but my love is so great that I do not mind the danger."
8	"Thou art with me, dear wife," he answered, and told her how everything had happened, and how he had brought her back again to life.
8	The King came down himself and opened the door, and there he found both strong and well, and rejoiced with them that now all sorrow was over.
8	When the shameful deed was done, she said, "Now let us return home, and say that he died on the way.
8	"Come in, come in!" said she; "is not this much better than the filthy pigsty we had?"
8	"Ah!" said the fisherman, "how happily we shall live now!"
8	"See," said she, "is not this grand?"
8	"Well," said the man, "now we will live cheerful and happy in this beautiful castle for the rest of our lives."
8	And when he had looked at her for a long time, he said, "Ah, wife! what a fine thing it is to be king!
8	Now we shall never have anything more to wish for as long as we live."
8	"Ah!" said the man, as he gazed upon her, "what a fine thing it is to be emperor!"
8	"Well, wife," replied he, "it is a grand thing to be pope; and now you must be easy, for you can be nothing greater."
8	Then she said, "Yes," and the two ministers married the two sisters, for they were all three fair and beautiful of face, especially the Queen, who had hair like flax.
8	"Many thanks," said she.
8	"Many thanks," replied the old woman.
8	When the old woman heard that, she became quite friendly, and carried her over the water, gave her a wand, and said to her, "Go, my daughter, ever onwards by this road, and when you come to a great black dog, you must pass it silently and boldly, without either laughing or looking at it.
8	She rejoiced much to see them again, and carried them all over the water, and then she too went away, for now she was freed.
8	The others, however, went to the old fisherman, and all were glad that they had found each other again, but they hung the bird on the wall.
8	But the two false sisters were burnt, and the daughter married the prince.
8	"What a wonderful thing!" said the king; "I have seen many strange things, but such a monster as this I never saw.
8	I will give you so much that you shall be even richer than your brother."
8	Then he gave him gold and lands and flocks, and made him so rich that his brother"s fortune could not at all be compared with his.
8	When the horseman came up, he proved to be a student, a merry fellow, who was journeying along on his nag, and singing as he went.
8	Then the man in the tree answered, "Lift up thine eyes, for behold here I sit in the sack of wisdom; here have I, in a short time, learned great and wondrous things.
8	A little longer, and I shall know all that man can know, and shall come forth wiser than the wisest of mankind.
8	Here I discern the signs and motions of the heavens and the stars; the laws that control the winds; the number of the sands on the seashore; the healing of the sick; the virtues of all simples, of birds, and of precious stones.
8	Wert thou but once here, my friend, though wouldst feel and own the power of knowledge.
8	The student listened to all this and wondered much; at last he said, "Blessed be the day and hour when I found you; cannot you contrive to let me into the sack for a little while?"
8	Then the other answered, as if very unwillingly, "A little space I may allow thee to sit here, if thou wilt reward me well and entreat me kindly; but thou must tarry yet an hour below, till I have learnt some little matters that are yet unknown to me."
8	So the student let him down, opened the sack, and set him free.
8	"How is it with thee, friend?" said he, "dost thou not feel that wisdom comes unto thee?
8	The mother, however, loved the ugly and lazy one best, because she was her own daughter, and so the other, who was only her stepdaughter, was made to do all the work of the house, and was quite the Cinderella of the family.
8	Then she carefully gathered the apples together in a heap and walked on again.
8	The old woman spoke so kindly, that the girl summoned up courage and agreed to enter into her service.
8	The old woman was as good as her word: she never spoke angrily to her, and gave her roast and boiled meats every day.
8	Then Mother Holle said, "I am pleased that you should want to go back to your own people, and as you have served me so well and faithfully, I will take you home myself."
8	Then she went in to her mother and sister, and as she was so richly covered with gold, they gave her a warm welcome.
8	She related to them all that had happened, and when the mother heard how she had come by her great riches, she thought she should like her ugly, lazy daughter to go and try her fortune.
8	At last she came to Mother Holle"s house, and as she had heard all about the large teeth from her sister, she was not afraid of them, and engaged herself without delay to the old woman.
8	The first day she was very obedient and industrious, and exerted herself to please Mother Holle, for she thought of the gold she should get in return.
8	The lazy girl was delighted at this, and thought to herself, "The gold will soon be mine."
8	When she was below she fetched herself a chair, and set it before the barrel so that she had no need to stoop, and did not hurt her back or do herself any unexpected injury.
8	"Come," said Hans, "more understanding than that is not needed for my household, as you are such a clever Elsie, I will have you," and seized her hand, took her upstairs with him, and married her.
8	Hans had been at home for a long time, but Elsie did not come; then said he: "What a clever Elsie I have; she is so industrious that she does not even come home to eat."
8	"Well, father," he replied, "I am quite willing to learn something-- indeed, if it could but be managed, I should like to learn how to shudder.
8	The father was glad to do it, for he thought: "It will train the boy a little."
8	Then the youth went next morning to the king, and said: "If it be allowed, I will willingly watch three nights in the haunted castle."
8	The king looked at him, and as the youth pleased him, he said: "You may ask for three things to take into the castle with you, but they must be things without life."
8	Then he looked round and saw a great bed in the corner.
8	"That is the very thing for me," said he, and got into it.
8	The youth heard it, got up, and said: "It has not come to that yet."
8	"Very well indeed," answered he; "one night is past, the two others will pass likewise."
8	"Hullo!" cried he, "another half belongs to this.
8	"There, now they will roll better!" said he.
8	"Hurrah! now we"ll have fun!"
8	He played with them and lost some of his money, but when it struck twelve, everything vanished from his sight.
8	"What?" said he, "I have had a wonderful time!
8	Then he said: "Ha, ha, that is certainly my little cousin, who died only a few days ago," and he beckoned with his finger, and cried: "Come, little cousin, come."
8	Then said the youth, "See, little cousin, have I not warmed you?"
8	"Now I have you," said the youth.
8	The old man led him back into the castle, and in a cellar showed him three chests full of gold.
8	In the meantime it struck twelve, and the spirit disappeared, so that the youth stood in darkness.
8	"I shall still be able to find my way out," said he, and felt about, found the way into the room, and slept there by his fire.
8	"Then," said the king, "you have saved the castle, and shall marry my daughter."
8	Then the gold was brought up and the wedding celebrated; but howsoever much the young king loved his wife, and however happy he was, he still said always: "If I could but shudder--if I could but shudder."
8	Ah! now I know what it is to shudder!"
8	"I know what would," said the little old man; "it is the Water of Life.
8	But he begged so hard that the king let him go; and the prince thought to himself, "If I bring my father this water, he will make me sole heir to his kingdom."
8	For he thought to himself, "My brother is surely dead, and the kingdom will fall to me if I find the water."
8	When the second prince had thus been gone a long time, the youngest son said he would go and search for the Water of Life, and trusted he should soon be able to make his father well again.
8	Pray tell me if you know."
8	"Then as you have spoken to me kindly, and are wise enough to seek for advice, I will tell you how and where to go.
8	Then the prince thanked his little friend with the scarlet cloak for his friendly aid, and took the wand and the bread, and went travelling on and on, over sea and over land, till he came to his journey"s end, and found everything to be as the dwarf had told him.
8	Further on he came to a room where a beautiful young lady sat upon a couch; and she welcomed him joyfully, and said, if he would set her free from the spell that bound her, the kingdom should be his, if he would come back in a year and marry her.
8	Their brother, however, was greatly rejoiced to see them, and told them all that had happened to him; how he had found the Water of Life, and had taken a cup full of it; and how he had set a beautiful princess free from a spell that bound her; and how she had engaged to wait a whole year, and then to marry him, and to give him the kingdom.
8	But the prince gave the king of the land the bread, and all his kingdom ate of it.
8	And he lent the king the wonderful sword, and he slew the enemy"s army with it; and thus the kingdom was once more in peace and plenty.
8	He no sooner began to drink of what they brought him, than he felt his sickness leave him, and was as strong and well as in his younger days.
8	You have had the trouble and we shall have the reward.
8	Pray, with all your cleverness, why did not you manage to keep your eyes open?
8	"With all my heart," said the huntsman; "I am sure I shall be glad to save you, for I could not have shot you."
8	"He is still alive," said the huntsman; "and I am glad that I had pity on him, but let him go in peace, and brought home his royal coat."
8	At this the king was overwhelmed with joy, and made it known thoughout all his kingdom, that if his son would come back to his court he would forgive him.
8	Meanwhile the princess was eagerly waiting till her deliverer should come back; and had a road made leading up to her palace all of shining gold; and told her courtiers that whoever came on horseback, and rode straight up to the gate upon it, was her true lover; and that they must let him in: but whoever rode on one side of it, they must be sure was not the right one; and that they must send him away at once.
8	So he journeyed on, thinking of her all the way, and rode so quickly that he did not even see what the road was made of, but went with his horse straight over it; and as he came to the gate it flew open, and the princess welcomed him with joy, and said he was her deliverer, and should now be her husband and lord of the kingdom.
8	When the first joy at their meeting was over, the princess told him she had heard of his father having forgiven him, and of his wish to have him home again: so, before his wedding with the princess, he went to visit his father, taking her with him.
8	Then he told him everything; how his brothers had cheated and robbed him, and yet that he had borne all those wrongs for the love of his father.
8	And now the old king gathered together his court, and asked all his kingdom to come and celebrate the wedding of his son and the princess.
8	And young and old, noble and squire, gentle and simple, came at once on the summons; and among the rest came the friendly dwarf, with the sugarloaf hat, and a new scarlet cloak.
8	And the wedding was held, and the merry bells run.
8	And all the good people they danced and they sung, And feasted and frolick"d I can"t tell how long.
8	And from this time forth everyone could again go into the forest with safety.
8	When it was open the wild man stepped out, gave him the golden ball, and hurried away.
8	If you do all I bid you, you shall fare well.
8	Of treasure and gold have I enough, and more than anyone in the world."
8	He took them to the gardener, and said: "I present them to your children, they can play with them."
8	"That you shall have, and still more than you ask for."
8	Then the wild man went back into the forest, and it was not long before a stable-boy came out of it, who led a horse that snorted with its nostrils, and could hardly be restrained, and behind them followed a great troop of warriors entirely equipped in iron, and their swords flashed in the sun.
8	The youth made over his three-legged horse to the stable-boy, mounted the other, and rode at the head of the soldiers.
8	They began to flee, but the youth pursued, and never stopped, until there was not a single man left.
8	Instead of returning to the king, however, he conducted his troop by byways back to the forest, and called forth Iron Hans.
8	All that he asked was done, and soon he was riding on his three-legged horse.
8	When the king returned to his palace, his daughter went to meet him, and wished him joy of his victory.
8	When the feast was announced, the youth went out to the forest, and called Iron Hans.
8	"That I may catch the king"s daughter"s golden apple."
8	"It is as safe as if you had it already," said Iron Hans.
8	"You shall likewise have a suit of red armour for the occasion, and ride on a spirited chestnut-horse."
8	When the day came, the youth galloped to the spot, took his place amongst the knights, and was recognized by no one.
8	The king"s daughter came forward, and threw a golden apple to the knights, but none of them caught it but he, only as soon as he had it he galloped away.
8	Again he was the only one who caught the apple, and he did not linger an instant, but galloped off with it.
8	On the third day, he received from Iron Hans a suit of black armour and a black horse, and again he caught the apple.
8	The youth nevertheless escaped from them, but his horse leapt so violently that the helmet fell from the youth"s head, and they could see that he had golden hair.
8	"He is at work in the garden; the queer creature has been at the festival too, and only came home yesterday evening; he has likewise shown my children three golden apples which he has won."
8	But the king"s daughter went up to him and took it off, and then his golden hair fell down over his shoulders, and he was so handsome that all were amazed.
8	"Yes," answered he, "and here the apples are," and he took them out of his pocket, and returned them to the king.
8	But I am likewise the knight who helped you to your victory over your enemies."
8	"My father is a mighty king, and gold have I in plenty as great as I require."
8	"Yes," answered he, "that indeed you can.
8	The maiden laughed, and said: "He does not stand much on ceremony, but I have already seen by his golden hair that he was no gardener"s boy," and then she went and kissed him.
8	His father and mother came to the wedding, and were in great delight, for they had given up all hope of ever seeing their dear son again.
8	He went up to the youth, embraced him and said: "I am Iron Hans, and was by enchantment a wild man, but you have set me free; all the treasures which I possess, shall be your property."
8	There was once upon a time an old goat who had seven little kids, and loved them with all the love of a mother for her children.
8	Then the old one bleated, and went on her way with an easy mind.
8	Then he put his paws in through the window and when the kids saw that they were white, they believed that all he said was true, and opened the door.
8	When the wolf had satisfied his appetite he took himself off, laid himself down under a tree in the green meadow outside, and began to sleep.
8	What rejoicing there was!
8	They embraced their dear mother, and jumped like a tailor at his wedding.
8	When the seven kids saw that, they came running to the spot and cried aloud: "The wolf is dead!
8	The wolf is dead!" and danced for joy round about the well with their mother.
8	There was once on a time a princess who was extremely proud.
8	The little tailor, however, did not let himself be discouraged, and said he had set his head to work about this for once, and he would manage well enough, and he went forth as if the whole world were his.
8	Then the little tailor stepped boldly forth and said, "The princess has a silver and a golden hair on her head, and those are the two different colors."
8	The little tailor did not let himself be frightened away, but was quite delighted, and said, "Boldly ventured is half won."
8	Then quite composedly, and as if he had not an anxiety in the world, he took some nuts out of his pocket, cracked them, and ate the kernels.
8	When the bear heard the music, he could not help beginning to dance, and when he had danced a while, the thing pleased him so well that he said to the little tailor, "Hark you, is the fiddle heavy?"
8	"So," said the bear; "fiddling is a thing I should like to understand too, that I might dance whenever I had a fancy.
8	"With all my heart," said the tailor, "if thou hast a talent for it.
8	The tailor drove quietly to church, and the princess was married to him at once, and he lived with her as happy as a woodlark.
8	The King put it in a box and rode away with it until he came to a deep piece of water; then he threw the box into it and thought, "I have freed my daughter from her unlooked-for suitor."
8	He took him to the miller and his wife, and as they had no children they were glad, and said, "God has given him to us."
8	And the Queen, when she had received the letter and read it, did as was written in it, and had a splendid wedding-feast prepared, and the King"s daughter was married to the luck-child, and as the youth was handsome and agreeable she lived with him in joy and contentment.
8	"Oh, ho! if they did but know it," answered the devil; "there is a toad sitting under a stone in the well; if they killed it, the wine would flow again."
8	"Oh! if they did but know," answered the devil.
8	"Ah! the fool," answered the devil; "when any one comes and wants to go across he must put the oar in his hand, and the other man will have to ferry and he will be free."
8	"Yes," answered he, "I heard, and will take care to remember."
8	He thanked the old woman for helping him in his need, and left hell well content that everything had turned out so fortunately.
8	Then the watchman thanked him, and gave him as a reward two asses laden with gold, which followed him.
8	The watchman thanked him, and also gave him two asses laden with gold.
8	At last the luck-child got home to his wife, who was heartily glad to see him again, and to hear how well he had prospered in everything.
8	To the King he took what he had asked for, the devil"s three golden hairs, and when the King saw the four asses laden with gold he was quite content, and said, "Now all the conditions are fulfilled, and you can keep my daughter.
8	"Can I too fetch some of it?" said the King; and he was quite eager about it.
8	The simple , laughing islanders subsequently worshipped it as a god , much to the amusement of their more sophisticated neighbours .
8	I have been sent a Leeds United 1993-94 squad picture from the Evening Post and this now adorns my office wall , much to the amusement of my colleagues .
8	He laughed shortly , little amusement on his face .
8	Aristophanes shook his handsome head over his friend 's amusement .
8	This time , the Prince 's amusement was obvious .
8	The note of anger carried to the groups and couples passing by , provoking amusement and raised eyebrows .
8	You could make a fortune , " she said in genuine amusement .
8	Agnes watched with amusement as his interest quickened or faded with each phrase .
8	Gioella 's eyes flashed with amusement as she pushed a chair towards her and said , ` Constance , what a very sophisticated dress .
8	Guy Sterne was having great difficulty in controlling his amusement .
8	Temperamental differences operate once more with this new trio of junior heroes , whose elders , the three lieutenants , regard their pranks with mild amusement .
8	From the other end of the table Ymor watched with mild amusement , occasionally feeding one of his ravens with scraps from his plate .
8	I hate to disappoint anyone but that was n't the case -- although the veiled hints caused us plenty of amusement .
8	He uttered a short sharp bark , which made Rosie jump ; she assumed it was a cough , then realised that it was intended as an expression of amusement .
8	He considered this thoughtfully , then a gleam of amusement came into his eyes .
8	A look of intense amusement crossed Catherine 's face .
8	As a toddler she filled in concentric circles provided for her amusement by her father 's youngest brother , young enough to be her own big brother .
8	A smile of amusement played on his lips as he studied his unkempt prize .
8	I suppose I am happy being so ` tiny' ; it means I am able to surprise people with what is generally seen as my confident and outgoing personality .
8	Lennox has always truly wanted to fight for the world title and was happy taking the tough route .
8	He was a professional musician now , still sensitive and happy doing something he loved .
8	Holmes is happy having the freedom of the house when we are out .
8	I had problems with tutors trying to encourage me to diversity my work and experiment with other styles , but I was quite happy with the direction my work was heading so I stubbornly stuck to it .
8	These days he is quite happy travelling by trolley .
8	I 'm really happy in the group now . "
8	I was given a dummy in which to do my preliminary sketches , but the dummy was designed so beautifully by Amelia Edwards that I was really happy with my work .
8	I must say I was not totally happy about her going on at Yeo Davis , with me in the government .
8	Indeed , the two M boys themselves were not totally happy at first at having these initially undisciplined children visiting their home and generally being around on a regular basis .
8	` I am very happy with the way I am playing but I accept that he believes he should be England 's fly-half .
8	But seriously , I 'm very happy that you 're staying .
8	We are very happy that the Volkswagen Tour has enabled us to welcome this renowned orchestra to the Festival for the first time .
8	In the last 10 days of the trail , however , he became much happier to take risks , although babies remained unkissed .
8	A drop of scotch during occasional periods of self-criticism helped him to become happy with himself , but most of the time he was happy anyway .
8	He felt suddenly happy at being alive .
8	What I did n't understand was why I did n't feel happy walking down the street afterwards .
8	Sarah tried to stop herself from feeling happy at this revelation .
8	He seemed happy with this .
8	Nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and Tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to .
8	He 's just happy to get on with it .
8	Neil Kinnock was happy that his deputy should spell out his commitment to equality as Labour 's objective .
8	I was happy that I was having my own baby but sometimes I used to cry for nothing and I was easily upset .
8	` We are not happy that the group is meeting Sinn Fein and will demand an explanation from the Consulate .
8	` I 'm so happy you could make it , my favourite jockey . "
8	Said his co-boss Curbishley : ` I was a bit disappointed when Lennie Lawrence at Middlesbrough did n't come up with the price we 'd fixed but I 'm happy the lad is still here .
8	Do you have a delight in animals and skill in their management ?
8	The book also moves close to a highly critical analysis of science and yet never becomes anti-science , only anti-scientific : Jones 's own delight in physics enthusiastically drawing the sting out of his own criticism .
8	But he was sniffily dismayed at their delight in consumerism and sheep-like attitude to the reactionary rubbish in the papers .
8	Trying to hide her enormous delight in his return , Juliet turned to David .
8	` Estelle 's delight in Thomas made your mother very happy , " Ashley recalled , her head resting against his chest .
8	She cackled and slapped her knees , bent double and wheezing with delight at her own witticisms .
8	My delight at everything I saw was beyond bounds  gardens were allotted my sister and self  there was the canal to fish in  a pony to ride  besides animals of different kinds
8	They were astonished to see the penguin , and swooped low to call out with delight at her sleek feathers and solid little body .
8	The ANC , while expressing delight at their decision , nevertheless continued to call for the dissolution of the tricameral parliament , which it regarded as essentially racist .
8	Her stumbling repetition masked a growing delight at his basic error .
8	Bobby Robson 's delight at having guided his team to another major tourament was coupled with gratitude to the 40-year-old goalkeeper .
8	Expressing his delight at being appointed , he said : ` This is the one job I had hoped for . "
8	Headmaster Jim Jones recalled her delight at winning the egg and spoon race .
8	The delight at being finally united with Joan was tempered by a feeling of discomfort about Ronnie Leahy .
8	Minton 's sober and workmanlike drawings instance his delight in registering rhythmic activity and industrial shapes .
8	His delight and sense of wonder at the growth of his baby were erratic as other interests pressed , but real enough .
8	Yes , I 'd like to declare a small case of French flu , a dangerous fondness for Flaubert , a childish delight in French road-signs , and a love of the light as you look north .
8	The celebration of sexuality found in the works of Sidur , Neizvestny and others , stemmed partly from the mischievous delight in taunting society 's taboos .
8	It was also due to a barbaric delight in high-sounding verbiage , and probably this was the most powerful reason for its use .
8	Re was at first pleased but soon realised that Hathor 's delight in killing might lead to the destruction of all mankind , which he had not intended .
8	Their cheerfulness and delight at still being alive only made Charlie feel more guilty .
8	This time Ronni admitted it , feeling a little like a traitor at the confession -- and at the sense of pure delight she felt at Guido 's gesture .
8	In the end , the poems must be read as expressions of sheer delight in friendship .
8	With such obvious delight in food , it 's hard to see how Blanc remains so slim .
8	The animal seemed to take a perverse delight in terrorizing him .
8	All he 'd glimpsed through the window was Matta playing solitaire of some kind , so why had the man taken such delight in terrifying him ?
8	But do I take delight in pushing you down , making you worse ?
8	Todd showed delight in simple songs and reverence when invited to pray .
8	` But my chairman and vice-chairman have given me another year 's contract , and I 'm absolutely delighted to be staying at Nottingham Forest .
8	I 'm absolutely delighted that we achieved what we set out to do at the beginning of the week , which was to ensure that the Ryder Cup stayed on this side of the Atlantic .
8	Highly delighted with the transaction , we made our way back to Althorp Street , wondering how we were to break the news to Mrs Sugden .
8	Both Mr Souness and Jim Smith , the Portsmouth manager , emphasised how delighted they were with the overall quality of yesterday 's tie .
8	She was on her feet taking his hand , smiling at him , telling him how delighted she was to meet him .
8	Sir : I am writing to say how delighted I am with your magazine !
8	Mr Mitterrand appears so delighted with the ultra-courteous Edouard Balladur , that some Socialists wonder whether he has at last found the prime minister of his dreams .
8	I was responsible for Community Programme for the last 18 months of its life , so I 'm delighted to be involved in introducing Community Action .
8	So we 're delighted to bring our conference to support our members in Portsmouth .
8	The Buenos Aires flight was delayed and the plane horribly hot , but this did n't upset the passengers who seemed delighted to be going home .
8	The proprietress seemed delighted to see them .
8	For the watching world , she smiled and laughed , seeming perfectly delighted with her husband and newfound status .
8	` He did n't seem too delighted to see you , " said Betty .
8	Advertisers said they were delighted to see many of their proposals reflected in the Government 's approach .
8	Whether or not the Palace actually arranged for the drawing to be removed , there can be little doubt that they were delighted to be rid of it .
8	` I am delighted that you are so cheerful and optimistic .
8	On the other hand , she suspected that Fowler-Thrown would be delighted to have a private view of Newley 's collection .
8	Obviously , staff will be delighted that the appointment of a new Director has been made and sad that Tom has gone but it is the proposed reorganisation which will occupy the minds of most staff .
8	I was delighted to see the photograph of the staff from Department One , published in the January/February issue of Wimpey News .
8	They were delighted with the turnout of spectators and the general organisations by local authorities .
8	` We are delighted to help the museum extend its collection , " said Mr Watson .
8	Not having entered art competitions before , I 'm delighted to have reached the finals .
8	I 'm delighted to learn that his advice has been sought in the present enterprise .
8	We act cool , like we 're not delighted to meet up again , then we sit round the kitchen table and talk .
8	My Lord Mayor , I 'm delighted to have this opportunity to debate the Government 's health reforms again .
8	Delighted to be taken for another ride in another car , the little boy chuckled .
8	I 'm delighted that you 've been able to come along at such short notice .
8	` What is it ? " asked the eight-year-old , delighted that he had somehow managed to amuse this mature woman of nineteen .
8	` Now that I 've seen the finished copy I 'm delighted that I encouraged Susan to write it , " said Mrs Major .
8	Li Yuan was smiling broadly , pleased with himself , proud of his scheme , and delighted that he had Tsu Ma 's approval .
8	Though relieved , and fiercely delighted that she had apparently stopped him in his tracks , Polly was apprehensive about going back up on deck .
8	` I 'm delighted they left you the house , " Julia told Margaret .
8	We were all very worried about you and I 'm delighted you 're home again .
8	` I 'm delighted you 're so pleased to see me . "
8	` Lee and Ian have shown they have what it takes to earn first-year professional terms and I 'm delighted they 've agreed to join us .
8	McGoldrick signed on for four years after talks with Highbury boss George Graham and said : ` I 'm delighted it 's all gone through so smoothly . "
8	Sammy stuck his nose in the air , delighted at such attention .
8	The dog , delighted at last to have some attention paid to it , raced ahead , scenting rabbits , his great tail pluming .
8	He appeared delighted at the prospect .
8	Looking anything but delighted at the prospect , he stood up .
8	She grinned , delighted at this mind-reading .
8	She cackled , delighted with the queasy mixture on the plate , hot brown coffee lapping at the pale wedge of sugared pastry .
8	Delighted with their silver medals for reaching the final against the world champions , England saw the match open with an expected win by the world champion Jorgen Persson over English champion Chen Xinhua 21-8 , 21-18 .
8	` In my youth " , says Baxter , ` I was quickly past my fundamentals and was running up into a multitude of controversies , and greatly delighted with metaphysical and scholastic writings . "
8	Modigliani , delighted with the atmosphere of warmth and sincerity , resumed his friendship with Soutine and Indenbaum .
8	And , remember , as with all our offers , we guarantee to refund your money if you 're not delighted with your purchase .
8	He chuckled , delighted at having amazed her .
8	Delighted at having gained his complete attention , Lori squirmed in her seat .
8	Morrissey was ecstatic at the response .
8	If you use a fax card you 'll be ecstatic to see that WordStar has the capacity to create faxable files in a matter of seconds .
8	With a grimace , Donal murmured gloomily , ` He was n't exactly ecstatic at my explanation . "
8	Thank you , thank you ! " she cried , quite ecstatic that he 'd unbent .
8	` Well ? " he barked , clearly not ecstatic that she thought she could lay down conditions .
8	Every time they got near him , he backed off , ecstatic with excitement , tail wagging furiously .
8	The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person .
8	But Richard 's elation at regaining his health was short lived because his kidneys started to fail .
8	Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example .
8	I could n't wait for the pictures to come out , I was so excited to see them .
8	` I am so excited about seeing my sons again .
8	` They are naturally excited about getting the championship back after 33 years , " he said .
8	This man introduced me to an agent who did n't look all that excited to see me and was only obliging a friend .
8	Now that he was committed to a course of action he felt exhilarated .
8	He was exhilarated when he heard Ornette Coleman improvising free jazz with his plastic saxophone at a club .
8	Reflecting on the experience , Donia said : `` I think you 're exhilarated by the determination and strength of the human spirit . ''
8	Her cheeks were already aglow from a combination of the heat and the exhilaration of being the centre of attention , and this had lent an extra , youthful radiance to her beauty .
8	Clive also attended , visibly gleeful that he had spared the school any undesirable publicity by unloading me in the nick of time .
8	Mention of the press 's glee at the humiliation of the investigators behind this summer 's high-profile surveillance project Operation Blackbird , who were fooled by an obvious hoax , brings out Tarr 's own nascent conspiracy theory .
8	Many Labour MPs could not hide their glee at the SNP 's action , such is their antipathy to cross-party co-operation .
8	Whereas in Crime and Punishment and in the novels which follow he can , though his narrow glee over being ahead of the fact is unworthy of his art and of what ` idealism " and ` deeper realism " intend .
8	On reaching the Fish I let out a cry of triumph , overjoyed to have got there while conveniently forgetting the Verdon-like wall which lay above .
8	Thacker was not overjoyed to see them , but he played along , switching on the charm .
8	Most estate agents were overjoyed at the election result .
8	The warden and his wife , being owners of a Siamese cat , were not overjoyed to see Emily but they reluctantly fed her a saucer of milk , saying that she could stay for one night .
8	Louise was overjoyed with the suggestion .
8	So the chief librarian was surprised and not particularly overjoyed to be dragged down from his rooftop sun terrace by Harry 's telephone call .
8	The young lord was overjoyed to see what a beautiful wife his friends had found for him .
8	The very idea is preposterous and I was overjoyed to see that you believed me .
8	` You know Joanna will be overjoyed to see you in any condition . "
8	` They take young grandpas , " said Linda , amazed and overjoyed he 'd had the idea for himself and still not able to get over her daughter 's news .
8	I do n't suppose you 're overjoyed that I 've got a friend in the rival camp . "
8	Neighbours recalled how Ms Bailey was overjoyed at the birth of her daughter .
8	But his father was overjoyed to see him , and at once threw a party .
8	Landlords were not pleased to find that their apartment blocks had overnight become the property of the tenants .
8	He seemed pleased to remind us of yet more evidence of Bouilland 's humming modernity , and took us out into the sun again .
8	The London Irish Women 's Centre are pleased to announce that the Irish language classes for adults will continue with Siobhan Ni Neill on Fridays from 10.30 am to 12.30 starting on Feb 7 .
8	We were pleased to see the Canadians do so well in the World Cup after they had beaten us over there " !
8	We are pleased to see the guidance state unequivocally that major retail developments are inappropriate in Green Belts .
8	I have said we will be pleased to provide back-up with visitor 's packs etc and that I would inform you of the request .
8	I am pleased that there has been a threefold increase in , for example , HRT prescriptions during the past 10 years .
8	I am pleased that they have responded very positively .
8	George Grindal was pleased that he could turn to the bedside cabinet and take up the feeding glass containing orange juice .
8	Guinness is particularly pleased that its own employees can participate in these programmes through matched giving schemes .
8	` Yes , yes , I did , " she told him , feeling ridiculously pleased that he was clearly enjoying her first attempt at baking a cake .
8	Lexie 's parents are pleased that their efforts may prevent other children dying from the side effects of steroid treatment .
8	` I think everyone is very pleased they 've changed their minds , " said England 's most-capped player , Rory Underwood .
8	` I was so pleased she lived until just after Sam was born .
8	Blake says how pleased he is with the firm 's improved performance , acknowledging the considerable efforts and progress it has made .
8	` Your mother and I are so pleased you are so happy .
8	She washed the floor thorough and was pleased she had done so .
8	To tell you the truth , I was n't at all pleased about Russell sitting in the same coach with us .
8	I could never have agreed to such a plan , but was pleased at Mick 's change of mood .
8	The King was bluntly informing him that he was ill pleased at the lack of progress Corbett was making .
8	Smiling across the room at Laura 's tall , slender figure , she added , ` Besides , everyone in your office was so pleased at your promotion .
8	I was particularly pleased at the emphasis on investment in education and training , in science research and development and the commitments he gave on transport and health and community care .
8	I can see you 're pleased with yourself `
8	` Everyone seemed very pleased with the arrangements Philippe had made , did n't they , Rose ? "
8	I saw him return this morning , so pleased with himself . "
8	He laughed , showing his white , sharp teeth , pleased with his joke .
8	I 'm delighted that you were pleased with the response .
8	Apparently Skipper landed , felt extremely pleased with himself and threw an enormous buck with a twist in it .
8	Even my father was n't too pleased about continually having to clean his porch roof , which our residents had covered in droppings and other nest debris .
8	At the beginning of the O-level summer term I weighed eight stone three pounds and , if I was pleased at having lost two pounds , I certainly did n't say so .
8	She smiled , as if pleased at displaying her superiority .
8	He liked to think of her being pleased at getting a letter .
8	I hope you were pleased with how much we sold .
8	Mrs Thatcher has mastered the sound-bite , to be repeated at intervals like a mantra : ` So very pleased with how it 's going . "
8	I 'm very pleased with how we 've reacted to our bad start to the season . "
8	She was pleased at how low her voice was , how steady .
8	Whatever I want , she wants , and she 's pleased at how things have turned out .
8	They obviously thought I was doing terribly badly at that time and were very pleased at how well they had rigged me out  until I put on the mac .
8	Nevertheless , your father ( and mother , too for that matter ! ) may well be very pleased if your boyfriend takes the time to have a chat with them .
8	` Katherine , I haven t yet told you how pleased we all are that you shall be going to school here and be with us at Valois frequently .
8	` I am supposed to be going there with Sister Agape , but I 'd be pleased if you would take my place .
8	As it was , I felt thrilled to be walking on the same ground that young Thomson had trodden long before .
8	A friend said : ` Joan is thrilled Katy has found such a nice chap . "
8	Professor Winston said : ` I 'm thrilled to see them all here .
8	Most pool owners are thrilled if they can persuade their fish to breed successfully .
8	I felt thrilled to be back in Abyssinia and stared entranced at the arid landscape of the Danakil desert .
8	I 'm thrilled to see her !
8	Keith , a general operator at Associated Octel 's plant in Ellesmere Port , is thrilled to see his brother back home .
8	His excitement at the prospect of exploiting that potential is palpable , though he has no illusions about current difficulties .
8	FOR months now I have been trying to contain excitement at the thought of the compact disc .
8	Because of what had happened , some of her excitement at the thought of seeing Czechoslovakia had ebbed .
8	Manufacturers could play on the excitement of a commentary to sell their sets .
8	I had lost the excitement of the first Ramble to the Trossachs which had all been new territory .
8	But a dry day would bring bigger crowds and add to the excitement of the vital third round of the tournament .
8	Travellers might get used to jet-lag in the sense that they learn to live with it , or they might find it progressively more irksome as their initial excitement with travel begins to wear thin .
8	I enjoyed his excitement with politics .
8	All around there was the electric atmosphere of first night excitement .
8	This would normally push up her heart rate but with her pulse already racing due to the alcohol , dancing and general party excitement the increase is not as noticeable as normal .
8	` It was a sort of excitement to him . "
8	As Christmas approached , the excitement of preparation began to get through to her .
8	You are afraid and full of excitement at thoughts of what you might find .
8	He had seen beyond the excitement of being approached for his first book ; he already visualised it on the bookshelves !
8	Perhaps only she knows the journey he has made , from the cocky Jack-the-lad who neglected the discipline of academic study for the raw excitement of Left-wing politics to the measured politician with an answer for everyone .
8	We are off and have great excitement fishing up treasure ( fake ) tied to bladders .
8	Neither he nor Peter can conceal excitement at being back in the limelight again .
8	I have explained to pupils that I do not know ` the answer " and so I can share the excitement of working out a problem with them .
8	I remember being highly amused at his rendering of a young rook 's cry whilst gobbling a worm : it was perfectly true to nature  .
8	She was already feeling a bit better and she felt quite amused at this cool domination , especially as she was not going to pay any attention to it .
8	Even falling asleep as he was , McLeish was amused at Bruce Davidson 's hopeful , proprietorial air .
8	Clattering on , trying to hold five ponies and eat an ice-cream , Perdita was not amused to hear whoops and noisy hooting behind her .
8	Hauser was amused at the suggestion .
8	Robert Stephenson , when John met him after the week 's delay , was amused at the story of the Triumph of Rhyll .
8	Our amusement at his false assumption seemed to ease the tension between us .
8	However , I thought you might share my amusement at the thought of baked beans at a low tension !
8	His amusement at the scene was rekindled .
8	@theclobra lol I thought maybe, couldn't decide if there was levity or not
8	Nawaz Sharif is getting more funnier than @kapilsharmak9 day by day. #laughter #challenge #kashmir #baloch
8	Nawaz Sharif is getting more funnier than @kapilsharmak9 day by day.  #challenge #kashmir #baloch
8	@tomderivan73 😁...I'll just people watch and enjoy a rare show of optimism
8	I love my family so much #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily  #love
8	I love my family so much #lucky #grateful #smartassfamily #hilarious #love
8	@Casper10666 I assure you there is no laughter, but increasing anger at the costs, and arrogance of Westminster.
8	If any trump supporters and Hillary haters wanna chirp some weak minded, pandering liberals just tweet at @EmmyA2 @snickerfritz04
8	Google caffeine-an sprightly lengthening into the corridor re seo: WgJ
8	This tweet is dedicated to my back pain, which I do not understand because I am youthful and spry. Full of life. Vivacious.
8	@Bluebelle89 @lsmith855 liking the optimism
8	Be it a rainy day, be it cheerful sunshine, I am a Prussian, want nothing to be but a Prussian.:|
8	@Gronnhair @buryprofs @DittoBistro it was indeed lovely and the team were incredibly attentive and on the ball. Cheese was a lively gesture!
8	@Geminiak @LondonNPC you're welcome! #wordgeek \nAlso, good to put a face to the twitter feed, even if it was only a cheery hello! 😀
8	...at your age, the heyday in the blood is tame...' @TheArtofCharm #shakespeareaninsults #hamlet #elizabethan #williamshakespeare
8	i was so embarrassed when she saw us i was like knvfkkjg she thinks we're stalkers n then she starts waving all cheerfully inviting us in 😩
8	Good #CX most often doesn't require all that much. #smile, #care, #relate and be #helpful. Thanks, Lakis Court Hotel in #cyprus
8	4-2 Canada final tomorrow #WCH #Predictions #optimism #Canadian 🇨🇦
8	I turn 25 in two weeks. I am so happy. 24 was my darkest year yet. I am elated that I survived
8	TheNiceBot: IndyMN I thought the holidays could not get any more cheerful, and then I met you. #TheNiceBot #الخفجي
8	The smell of freshly cut grass didn't even cheer me up...boy oh boy
8	@NateBLoL no it was that clear American naturally flavored sparkling water
8	A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength.' {Proverbs 17:22} #WednesdayWisdom
8	Somebody who has braved the storm is brewing. #cheerful
8	Somebody who has braved the storm is brewing.
8	Ready for that nice, breezy, calm, sunshine weather.🍂🍁 #Autumn
8	it gets better. without explanation; you just wake up one morning and you’re just happy, totally and utterly elated.
8	Imagine how sad LA fans are gona be when they get eliminated...Man that's gonna be Nirvana, a religious experience rejoicing in their misery
8	Heather that was #hilarious! @MsHeatherBates @pattonoswalt @chrishansen #AnthonyWeiner #15gets20 #NYC
8	Val reminds me of one of the cheerful witches that looks after Aurora in Disney’s Sleeping Beauty. #GBBO
8	@GameGrumps THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING TO DETROIT I'm going to sob joyful rainbows now brb
8	So far ours greet have raised £250 for @HGatChristmas with more to come in #sparkling @CllrJohnFox @simoncotton69
8	Each day is what you make of it! #goals #challenges #business #goals   #success #photographer #photography #ThursdayThoughts
8	Each day is what you make of it! #goals #challenges #business #goals #optimism #happy #success #photographer #photography #ThursdayThoughts
8	If you don't respond to an email within 7 fays, you wifl be killed by an animated gif of the girl from The Ring.
8	It's #HobbitDay! \nHobbit's give gifts on their birthdays, so I'm sharing the gift of #glee today! Find something that makes you happy!
8	incredible that anthony weiner has been caught chasing a busty milkmaid across a park at double speed while jaunty music plays
8	@len_snart Mick nods. 'I would like that.' He went back to his food, smiling as he finished it.
8	@yungdoujin wouldn't that basically be sparkling water
8	I'm absolutely in love with Laurie Hernandez, she's so adorable and is always so cheerful!
8	@HunterDean_ [he gives a gleeful squeak and wraps around you] All mine!
8	@diehimbeertonis She developed her 'forced smile'. I can force myself to describe it 'a little hearty maybe, sanki biraz':)
8	When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed. »Maya Angelou
8	A #new day to #live and #smile. Hope all the #followers a nice #night or #day. :D
8	@DocBellsSwan *peers down at you, eyes crinkling with mirth and affection* I do love ye so, my bonnie Belle.
8	@bruins_514 @gorddownie @thehipdotcom It would be #TragicallyHip if they can #help @TOYSFORASMILE make #hospitalized  #sick #kids #smile 😊✌❤
8	Chris would take full responsibility and would want us all to rejoice in the memories we all had with him.
8	@Communism_Kills i get the subway melt and make sure it's only hearty italian bread... black olives are a must though
8	@hesham786 that's the spirit #optimism
8	@hesham786 that's the spirit
8	If yiu don't respond .o an email within 7 days, you willxbe killed by an animated gif of the girl froa The Ri.g.
8	@harrietemmett great minds think alike. #rejoice
8	@harrietemmett great minds think alike.
8	Dolores.' A thin lipped smile graced glossed lips as she let blues peer over at the woman. ' A constant delight.. As always.'
8	@airtelindia have some issues with my broadband bill ,I am charged for the month before I signed up with airtel.. #hilarious
8	@airtelindia have some issues with my broadband bill ,I am charged for the month before I signed up with airtel..
8	@Bridget_Jones was joyous. Worried I would be disappointed. Most definitely was not. #chickflick #giggles #comethefuckonbridget
8	Metal keeps you young and spry and keeps your hair luxurious.\n\nYES\n\nSHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME
8	I hate it when im singing and some idiot thinks they can just join in with me like...this is not fcking glee #MeanRikonaBot
8	@chencouture LMAO Is it that 'so slutty' hater girl? That video was hilarious. 😂
8	@MichiganBromo Good optimism sir :)
8	@billie21806 @cnnbrk tell that to your bodies cheering on the deaths of black people by cops. their fear is killing us.
8	@MacDsmash you should get some @SSB_Swedish delight
8	@kwelbyroberts they will come and you will rejoice at their arrival.
8	[Moment of levity on the B41] Baby: I want ISIS! Give me ISIS!\nMom: Shh!\nBaby: I want ISIS!\nWest Indian woman: She wants what?\nMom: *Ices*.
8	@tomlinmayniac starting my new challenge ! A glee poll every day !
8	How can l rule my mind !!!!!! \nIt's hilarious that you can't 😭😑😮
8	A lifetime of laughter at the expense of the death of a bachelor
8	Our tone of voice: we're like One Direction, we're thoughtful and timid, yet playful
8	Sioux Valley wins home competitive #cheer invite with a score of 158. ...Dell Rapids second at 138
8	Tutoring gives me such an exhilarating feeling. I love helping people 😌
8	@PhilGlutting Hey There Phil Glutting thank you for following us, it's appreciated :) #smile
8	@PhilGlutting Hey There Phil Glutting thank you for following us, it's appreciated :)
8	It feels good to get outside for a minute and get some fresh air.  It's hard to stay cooped up inside all day #breezy
8	It feels good to get outside for a minute and get some fresh air.  It's hard to stay cooped up inside all day
8	@r0Ils ppl get triggered over u smiling they're irrelevant
8	@GigaFag @pipertownsend_ snapchat new would beg to differ #optimism
8	@GigaFag @pipertownsend_ snapchat new would beg to differ
8	A hearty Jonza! to all my friends and follower.
8	You must be knowing #blithe means (adj.)  Happy, cheerful.
8	Old saying 'A #smile shared is one gained for another day' @YEGlifer @Scott_McKeen
8	Bridget Jones' Baby was bloody hilarious 😅 #BridgetJonesBaby
8	@Elaminova sparkling water makes your life sparkly
8	I'm tired of everybody telling me to chill out and everythings ok. no the fuck its not. I'm tired of faking a a fucking smile
8	#GBBO can cheer me up ☺️
8	&amp; as much as I hate for a dude to cheat, women forego pleasing their man, they get lazy &amp; men get lazy &amp; then it's just pointless
8	@GOT7Official @jrjyp happy birthday jin young!!!!!! #PrinceJinyoungDay #happyjinyoungday #got7  #birthday
8	@GOT7Official @jrjyp happy birthday jin young!!!!!! #PrinceJinyoungDay  #happyjinyoungday #got7 #happy #birthday
8	The race advances only by the extra achievements of the individual. You are the individual. ~Charles Towne\n #optimism #inspire
8	The race advances only by the extra achievements of the individual. You are the individual. ~Charles Towne\n  #inspire
8	Watching football matches without commentary is something that I rejoice, found a transmission of City’s match like that today, joyful.
8	#twd comes on soon #happy
8	#twd comes on soon
8	@TauDeltaPhiDK THANK YOU FOR MY OBAMA CUT OUT!!!!!! I am elated that he's back home😍
8	@DDogsScout 'Oh!' Almost with odd cheerfulness, Big Boss offers: 'Muzzle flash blinding. Accidental by the guy who became my best friend.'
8	Gemma Simmons is the bright spot of the premiere so far. #AgentsofSHIELD
8	This is a beautiful day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad!!!
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kelli.peterson #lively #musically.   Come WATCH
8	Sometimes I like to talk about my sadness.  Other times, I just want to be distracted by friends, laughter, shopping, eating...  \n\n#MHChat
8	Oi @THEWIGGYMESS you've absolutely fucking killed me.. 30 mins later im still crying with laughter.. Grindah.. Grindah... 🤓  hahahahahahaha
8	So happy I live in NYC! See you tomorrow .....@SamHeughan @Barbour
8	Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
8	For what a beautiful day. #elated
8	For what a beautiful day.
8	@Langston_Hunter Yeah bro it eas hella exhilarating
8	sometimes im sad then remember Margaret Thatcher is dead and then i rejoice
8	This is not me brown nosing but I've listened to lots of housing ministers but @GavinBarwellMP #nhf16 impressed me more than any
8	This is not me brown nosing but I've listened to lots of housing ministers but @GavinBarwellMP #nhf16 impressed me more than any #optimism
8	@APkrawczynski   Any possibly KG is being bought out as a player so that he can buy in from Glen as a minority owner?  #optimism
8	Martin Roth leaving V&amp;A shoes the effects of #Brexit: bright and talented foreigners made to feel unwelcome and leaving U.K. #c4news
8	one thing I can say is that you kept me smiling
8	#blackish always has me #rollin #hilarious
8	#blackish always has me #rollin
8	How is your toddler coping with the new arrival? Has he tried killing her yet?' they cheerfully ask.
8	American Schools are lively
8	Drawing mini-comics is joyful; folding mini-comics is meditative and relaxing. I think I need to do them for more than just Halloween...
8	@Malkarii_ Korgoth of Barbaria for brutality, King Julian for hilarity, and Ariel... Because hot...
8	i love those #memories that randomly pop\ninto my head , have me #smiling like an\n#idiot for ages 󾌴
8	@TurtleTitan2003 (She laughed a bit. Of course it was! Aria shook her head, calming her mirth so she could listen to Mikey.) No, actually. +
8	@IreneEstry can't wait to see you Hun #cuddles #gossip #laughter
8	@IreneEstry can't wait to see you Hun #cuddles #gossip
8	God hears your voice optimism at the moment that you think that everything has failed you ✨.
8	My bf drove out of his way after a long day just to spend 15 min holding me to make me feel better. How'd I get so lucky #lucky #happy
8	My bf drove out of his way after a long day just to spend 15 min holding me to make me feel better. How'd I get so lucky #lucky
8	Love this! Laughing while crying works too! #katherinemansfield #failure #laughter #dealingwithfailure
8	Love this! Laughing while crying works too! #katherinemansfield #failure  #dealingwithfailure
8	They tend to loosen up a bit when drunk, and can seem pretty cheerful.
8	🍦🎿 god chirp this burp 🎿🍦
8	We so elated, we celebrated like Obama waited until his last day in office to tell the nation, brothers is getting their reparations
8	angel delight is my everything
8	I just want to let everyone out there know you are wonderful people! #beyourself #happy #cheerful #late-night #compliment #behappy
8	I just want to let everyone out there know you are wonderful people! #beyourself   #late-night #compliment #behappy
8	#terribledebatequestions has given me so many laughs this afternoon! Thanks Twitter! #hilarious #cleverpeople
8	#terribledebatequestions has given me so many laughs this afternoon! Thanks Twitter!  #cleverpeople
8	@paraplyene @soupper i just read it and it's so fun??!!!! So lighthearted and cheerful, i was right, it's a double cavity for me.
8	I'm at the point in my life that I'm playing Christmas music in my room because i need winter and joyful times rn
8	Luis Ortiz ducked by Ustinov which means fights off, and he left @GoldenBoyBoxing future not looking to bright for Ortiz #boxing
8	Another joyful encounter in Tribez &amp; Castlez! I just met Bartolomeo! Do you want to know who that is? Download the game and find out!
8	@CarolynTopol Ciara asks was it a sci-fi movie, Julie &amp; Jen just stare, Claire on her phone, Joey bolts when the cab honks. LMAO #hilarious
8	@CarolynTopol Ciara asks was it a sci-fi movie, Julie &amp; Jen just stare, Claire on her phone, Joey bolts when the cab honks. LMAO
8	Happy Birthday @Brooke56_56 #cheer #cheerchick #jeep #jeepgirl #IDriveAJeep #jeepjeep #Cheer
8	The little sniffle at the end of the song gets me every time. #rejoice
8	The little sniffle at the end of the song gets me every time.
8	I mean, is she supposed to seem joyous when she's talking Rodrigo Duterte, ISIS, the American economy, etc.? Think about what you're saying.
8	@XenoStateOfMind yes\n\nmake her smile and be happy\nshe deserves happiness
8	Keep smiling :)
8	Ever wake up and instantly feel happy?
8	@jpodhoretz I still respect you. I suppose there is so little to be gleeful about these days so take what you can. Good for you.
8	@amstrado_CPC @ShittySUFanart the single tear is him being joyous that he's deleted the monster that has brought generations of despair
8	#Quoteoftheday\r\r'If you don't do #wild things while you're young, you'll have nothing to #smile about when you're old.'\r\r#dailyquote #quotes
8	All the bright places :(
8	I'm honored to take on such a role in their joyous day. Hopefully I don't fuck it up
8	I'm the reason I smile everyday 💯
8	@NoorBazzi14 lowkey I want to go just to chirp Anna LOL but say hi to Atkins for me!! One of my favourite coaches, he's smart and caring
8	It's all about #redwine and #glee
8	It's all about #redwine and
8	@tabstamlyn @lara_hunt1 I will, next time I'll make sure everything is sparkling clean
8	Take my kindness for weakness when you acting silly keeping it 100 ain't your forté  #ChrisBrown #TeamBreezy
8	Take my kindness for weakness when you acting silly keeping it 100 ain't your forté #breezy #ChrisBrown #TeamBreezy
8	I envy the relentless, your cheerful smile aimed at the pouring rain, your positive attitude is an art you have continually mastered.
8	I'm moving this weekend &amp; my sugar daddy will replace it so, it is what it is. Niggas still happy.
8	Anyone who drinks sparkling water is a demon
8	Modern family never fails to cheer me up. Especially Phil.
8	#smile #instagramers : #Selfie#BestMeSelfie#Me#Smile#BestMeCameraIsGreat#EmojiGrid#LikeforLike#Friend#Girl#Boy#Tattoos#Family#6Pack#G...
8	@Author_LB Awesome. My 9 yr old grandson runs cross country. No Simon Whitfield but still a lot of fun cheering him on.
8	18' \nMichael Carrick as struck the back of the net much to the delight of under pressure man u fanz and MOU...
8	@ruthwalford95 you may be right, but since year the bad events begin with B, I'm privately hoping we've got at least C-Z to go 1st #optimism
8	@ruthwalford95 you may be right, but since year the bad events begin with B, I'm privately hoping we've got at least C-Z to go 1st
8	@ditzkoff @jpodhoretz There’s not a metaphor in the world that will get at the hilarity of jpod pronouncing on humor.
8	Successful people always have two things on their lips #silence nd #smile smile to avoid problems nd silence to avoid the problems too
8	in geometry today hannah started crying of laughter because ms. canning said 'pp' lol
8	@WHUFC_HUB @westhamtransfer @TheHammers_ I don't see any reason for optimism at this point. Just stringing together bad performances.
8	y'all shabazz's name in my phone is 'easy breezy beautiful' &amp; I will not apologize.
8	During the day @JeffProbst is jovial. At #TribalCouncil he's a different,  darker fellow.  Still simply but smiles are few. #Survivor
8	🎉 It is time for a most joyous celebration! 🎉
8	@FilthyFrank My first time watching your vids and i died of laughter. Keep this up dude
8	@DumTeeDum don't think Ian knew of Pavel. He knew about Charlie. I bet Rob will cackle with glee when he heard what has happened #thearchers
8	Mou is too jovial and trying to impress those players too much. No player is bigger than manutd. SAF won't tolerate all this bs @ManUtd
8	Your #smile is a messenger of your good will.
8	imagine if teppu got animated by madhouse tho &gt;_&lt;
8	I'm highly animated even though I'm decomposing.
8	jk. started this week strong and it's still going strong. #optimism
8	jk. started this week strong and it's still going strong.
8	 @cailamarsai you've had me   the whole time watching @black_ishABC after you've lost your #glasses! It was #hilarious! @mrbabyboogaloo
8	Town is lively. Something happen?
8	So today, I un armed my silence. My lungs rejoice in freedom. My insides had color too! A woman counted! My jawbone became a razor! For free
8	@SQLBek My liver is elated that isn't us
8	Symmetry is Key, everything must be aesthetically pleasing as possible, that is why I hold you twin pistols. #DeathTheKid #Bot
8	Oii oiii, @Louis_Tomlinson !!  \nTHANK YOU for always making me smile ! MY BIRTHDAY is in 16 days. 🎉 Mind following me as a gift ? 🎁 X225,884
8	@Steeeevie_ breezy luvvvv
8	My @timehop literally cracks me up when I see posts from 2 years ago and later 😂
8	My @timehop literally cracks me up when I see posts from 2 years ago and later 😂 #hilarious
8	@ByeKandace can't cheer for a jigaboo
8	@daveweigel a laurel and hearty handshake
8	@Bhavnay that, i dont mind too much. smoother, thicker texture. makes it more hearty. also, im glad iced coffee is a thing in the uk now.
8	@LeeJarvis10 can't be following u pal he's smiling
8	love to play underlord while listening to cheery anime music
8	It's an exhilarating feeling. Working hard and feeling accomplished whether they notice or not--- you feel fu*king good 🤑
8	Starting at 22 minutes, this week's @bestshow4life is straight-up paradigm shift level mirth.
8	someone teach me how to cheer someone up
8	@GreatDismal @Bencjacobs and it’s gleeful because they’re so inspired, so convinced they’re winning and at last have their strongman
8	Avoiding hearty basset hound no time present-time american the brave: YDXef
8	alternate reality where @PoetryFound has a comments section and you can give poems a cheery thumbs up or a disappointed thumbs down
8	@ThatBritishDude no okay you don't not need to be going out of your way to make sure you are pleasing everyone do what makes you happy
8	and I think some of our most spiritually weighty experiences came, counterintuitively and recognized in hindsight, in levity and daily grace
8	@TheGoatShow @GameGrumps now that I have been sucked into this wormhole of hilarity with no escape, I can say how weird and accurate this is
8	@p_dortch7 I make sacrifices to make you happy
8	I'm ever so cheerful
8	@MarkDice Agreed.So tired of this nonsense . Soros must be elated.
8	@Get_Quenched16 Attempts by Western degenerates 2 imply that DPRK stoops to levity will be met by devastating nuclear retaliation.
8	Girlfriends cooking me dinner again. spag blow it is, not to sure if she need my help 😂😂 #girlfriends #happy
8	Girlfriends cooking me dinner again. spag blow it is, not to sure if she need my help 😂😂 #girlfriends
8	Hannah: 'This week on Survivor: Find out who is more buoyant. Gen X or Millenials!' #survivor
8	Could not be happier!! #happy
8	Could not be happier!!
8	@joemrusso happy birthdayyyyyy pretty. Miss you!
8	🍃When #life shows you have a hundred reasons to cry, show it that you have a hundred and one reasons to #smile. 🍃 #quotes @Mind_Console
8	A #smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand #problems. #Fact #TeamFollowBack
8	Gen 8:21 NIV—The Lord smelled the pleasing aroma and said in his heart: “Never again will I… lifelong depravity
8	Such merriment &amp; laughter from @dadwroteaporno at @KingsPlace &amp; an instructional PowerPoint presentation.Well done to all concerned &amp; thanks
8	But uncle buck is on tho . #UncleBuck #hilarious
8	But uncle buck is on tho . #UncleBuck
8	Every time people push #Prescription Pot, prohibitionists rub their hands with #glee because U hand them #Cannabis &amp; yourself into #slavery.
8	@ChrisLoesch @DLoesch Modern Day book-burning without all that awful guilt. Oh, and now with more gleeful social sharing for the a$$hats.
8	✨you make me happy @EthanDolan @GraysonDolan✨
8	#IfIWerePresident \nMy goal would be for us all to be miserable, yet jovial in the Co. of others. U know, civil but with realization of self.
8	Learning is key while converting your leaning to someone else is door, so when you do both you will open the door of success.\n\n#x33 #smile
8	Learning is key while converting your leaning to someone else is door, so when you do both you will open the door of success.\n\n #x33
8	Iniesta still the one player I idolize from Barca,a delight to watch I tell you
8	Every time I hear @jtkantor's organ kick in on the new @sayswhopodcast, I break into the goofiest smile.
8	Well, this is cheery. #MrRobot
8	@Gennneral thanks gen!! Love you miss you happy birthday natong duha 💘💘
8	#survivor is back! #SurvivorMillennialsVsGenX so happy to see you @JeffProbst
8	#survivor is back! #SurvivorMillennialsVsGenX so happy to see you @JeffProbst #happy
8	@essdotX the jovial and forgiving negro is always pressed upon to act against his/her self-interest in favor of the oppressor
8	@ReginalTSquirge you could add a jaunty bow\nOr bells
8	tweet tweet chirp chirp losers
8	Be content .... Life is too short. #smiling
8	Be content .... Life is too short.
8	@npagliaro1 That's awesome!  p.s. ok, what are the odds of that, swapping neighborhoods? #hilarious
8	@npagliaro1 That's awesome!  p.s. ok, what are the odds of that, swapping neighborhoods?
8	I'm so excited to see Nat tonight 😍😍.. And how happy and cheery she is! &amp; then I'm even more excited for her to get on social media 😍 #BB18
8	“Set up as an ideal the facing of reality as honestly and as cheerfully as possible.” - Karl Menninger     #2ndHalfWealth
8	what's the nicest way to tell someone cheerfully whistling outside my apartment door that I will end them should they continue to whistle
8	@xiankiefer @TheLincoln Book 5! It's so sprightly &amp; fun cuz he'd been reinvigorated by the Harry Potter series. I'm not kidding.
8	How's it possible to go from cheery earlier to the worst mood possible now🙄
8	3 Styles to Love now at Zales!  Three sparkling styles to love! Stop by and shop in store today.
8	Kinda wished I watched mischievous kiss before playful kiss
8	Accept challenges in life, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
8	@MariamVeiszadeh why sick. I am rejoicing that it is only half
8	@Tjsotomayor snow pig,  that's hilarious. Lmaooo
8	“Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.” \n― Bob Proctor
8	This Red Sox team is the equivalent of Tiger Woods in his heyday: no mercy.
8	wanna always be the reason behind her happiness and i'll always keep her smiling no matter what happens♒💜.
8	Did u laugh today? Laugh hard? I hope so..we NEED laughter now.  #love
8	Did u laugh today? Laugh hard? I hope so..we NEED laughter now. #smile #love
8	@peregrinator1 I admittedly went into this series thinking we'd see the Jedi in their heyday, not as dysfunctional UN Peacekeepers in space
8	me taking a picture by myself: *awkward smile*\nme on picture day: *awkward smile*\nconclusion: stop smiling ;'(\n#pictureday2016 #smile #ornot
8	Wishing the Ipswich Tigers good luck in their games throughout homecoming week!! We are cheering you on here at the City Office! GO TIGERS!
8	My ukulele bag has fallen apart.  WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #Joys\n\n#quote  #problemsolving #behappy
8	It is so exhilarating taking on the challenge of demonstrating + explaining WHY #JamesJoyce's #Ulysses is so endearing &amp; wonderful!
8	Yesterday , on 21 Sept. 2016 , i installed a new stratagem including audacity by rejoicing at Harbour tower,i will tenaciously follow up up.
8	@partydelightsUK it's 5679787. Cannot DM you as we don't follow each other. Not such a #delight #party #fail #letdown
8	@partydelightsUK it's 5679787. Cannot DM you as we don't follow each other. Not such a  #party #fail #letdown
8	Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
8	@wahrbear @marinarchy @diam0ndsapph1re There is some hilarity in someone who is literally openly anti-science calling others anti-science.
8	smoking weed while you watch 12 pull somebody else over is the most joyous thing ever.
8	And girl I love your perfume there's something bout you 🎧
8	And girl I love your perfume there's something bout you 🎧 #breezy
8	Watching @melissamccarthy in #Spy she's one of Favorite actresses! Last night I was watching her #theboss #hilarious I just want to meet her
8	@BjerkeDanielle @FunnySayings lol that's hilarious
8	ninaturner: Mine too. With what is happening in country, I needed this moment of levity bernblade LisaVikingstad
8	Manchester United v Manchester City #happy days #EFL
8	@LostGermain ' Want to have a spar?' The prince smiles and reaches for his hilt and his icy eyes keep on Aaron, a playful look in his eyes.
8	Accept the #challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
8	Yes Mourinho, you really should stop speaking about refs! And try cheering up a bit.
8	TheNiceBot: WSJNordics You make the world a more joyful place. #TheNiceBot #MPN #DemiLovato
8	@SeveChambers i'm elated, thank you for your help! can i apply to be verified?
8	The world needs more laughter, more love, and a little more of you. - R.M Drake.
8	#bcwinechat what's the most common method used to make BC #sparkling #wine?
8	#bcwinechat what's the most common method used to make BC  #wine?
8	@DavuuWart this is hilarious !!
8	@kermischocolate I have tried. A cheerful upbeat piece in Walking through History, usually in arty/docu types. Cannot find a trace of it.
8	Not by wrath does one kill, but by laughter.  Friedrich Nietzsche #friedrichnietzsche
8	#happiness #recipe: an open mind, #laughter, a kind #heart &amp; #optimism
8	#happiness #recipe: an open mind, #laughter, a kind #heart &amp;
8	@Za_buhmaid Happy birthday sweety .. sweet 21 hun hope u have a wonderful day and a wondrful joyful year better than the last one, Luv U ♥
8	I'm Black, 43. I read books, p/u my kids from school....'My prayer is that u wl lv a long, fulfilling, joyous, peaceful, GOD-pleasing life!
8	A #smile doesn't always mean a person is #happy . Sometimes it simply means they are #strong enough to face their own #problems .
8	Needed levity: Hubs + I talking of @weareTYPHOON Kyle's new solo album, my 7 yo says '@KyleClark'? She loves ur news show #9News @9NEWS LOLZ
8	@ankitaverma45 @honey5991 rejoicing over someone's sadness is bad but when #Karma  is cencerned then definitely some people deserve it..
8	#SIGUEMEYTESIGO #happy #snapchat Manuellynch99 #venezuela
8	@JessicaZ00 @ZRlondon ditto!! Such an amazing atmosphere! #PhilippPlein #cheerleaders #stunt #LondonEvents
8	@JessicaZ00 @ZRlondon ditto!! Such an amazing atmosphere! #PhilippPlein #cheerleaders #stunt #LondonEvents #cheer
8	A delight to be at the Lane tonight and witness the debuts of some young talent that could be the backbone of our club!! #COYS
8	@tweet_faver its reaper!! before he became reaper, you can find their stories on the wiki and thru the comics and animated shorts!
8	Remember when Joe and Quinn had a thing on glee
8	I'm still laughing 'Bitch took my pillow' line #glee #kurt
8	I'm still laughing 'Bitch took my pillow' line  #kurt
8	Nothing lovelier than your great mate sending the most joyful and sweet pic - Thankyou #amy @artburstltd XXXX
8	@cedricyarbrough We love you! #hilarious   We are looking forward to SO much more!  #kudos on the #pilot @Speechless_ABC #speechless
8	Eve, Izzy, and Paige cheerfully sing songs together.
8	@JeffBridg man, GREAT JOB!!! I am more than happy over your success in a short time.  Mom &amp; dad are smiling from heaven.  Love you, bro.
8	The jovial laughter that Trump and his lackeys showed when Don King used the N word was a truly bizarre sight
8	@RayGemini I've got 8 coming back this week. It's so joyous isn't it haha
8	i just spent $40 on big little sis tomorrow and i am beyond happy about it #SAW #mirth #mums
8	i just spent $40 on big little sis tomorrow and i am beyond happy about it #SAW  #mums
8	She'll be bribing her parents with hearty laughter and giggles :) #Loveet
8	@Harry_Styles you're the smile to my face and the beat to my heart. Thanks for being kind as much as you can be. Mind following me?💓 96,127
8	The #most wasteful day is a #day without #laughter
8	The #most wasteful day is a #day without
8	Good morning.Let's start with a smile!\nLet's enjoy life in a cheerful way!\nDon't worry be happy!
8	Skiving #Freshers2016 for a me day! #nails #sunbeds and #gym 😉💜👑 #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered #happy
8	Skiving #Freshers2016 for a me day! #nails #sunbeds and #gym 😉💜👑 #priorities #student #studentnurse #pampered
8	Half past midnight, loud banging on our front door, been told about new rape cases in Edinburgh today  #nosleep
8	Half past midnight, loud banging on our front door, been told about new rape cases in Edinburgh today #joyful #nosleep
8	@matildaswish it's great to see Matilda so happy in her new chair it will provide her with access to lots of new experiences. #smiling
8	@matildaswish it's great to see Matilda so happy in her new chair it will provide her with access to lots of new experiences.
8	Pakis are applauding Sharif's speech,i wonder how many really understood what he said!!!!\nThey are very much excited and happy
8	How wonderful to see a show with a token man for once! #GlasgowGirls was uproarious, gleeful, important &amp; uplifting. Go see @stratfordeast!
8	This night is sparkling, don't you let it go! I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home..' #ValerieBot
8	Only person that could manage to get bright pink lipstick all over my brand new white dress 😩😂
8	Life izn't about pleasing each others...😕\n\n #hell #with
8	I gave up on the U20 Rugby bet on the Roosters! #cheering #nrl
8	I gave up on the U20 Rugby bet on the Roosters!  #nrl
8	@dee5479 Electro Set was pure enjoyment &amp; exhilarating, captivating, &amp; Poetic, Raw, exciting ..,
8	Sharpened a pencil today, haven't sharpened once since 1999. ✏️ #exhilarating
8	Sharpened a pencil today, haven't sharpened once since 1999. ✏️
8	.@Travelanswerman: The possibilities R endless Becca when U unplug from the 'Matrix!' Stay salty and #happy #surfing! #sunset #aloha …
8	You dont have to feel grateful to be grateful, for it is written  ' all things work together for good'  for those who love God. #cheerful
8	You dont have to feel grateful to be grateful, for it is written  ' all things work together for good'  for those who love God.
8	All i want to do is to be successful, be cheerful and to be happy with @DominicHussein
8	Loving  #Pitch so far !! 🤗🤗🤗 @PITCHonFOX @Global_TV  #chills #smiling
8	Loving  #Pitch so far !! 🤗🤗🤗 @PITCHonFOX @Global_TV #chills
8	How sad is it that I'm rejoicing over a 72💀 #collegekills
8	Banger sit in 2013 reason why we great doings him alias for why we rejoice in he.: kzfqR
8	@beautyfulli_ami that guy in the back of your picture is hilarious
8	Literally feels sg to be happy with sam😍
8	jasperino - buoyant - Session.Six
8	Class is canceled due to a funeral. Not sure if it's appropriate to be happy or sad..
8	Class is canceled due to a funeral. Not sure if it's appropriate to be happy or sad.. #happy
8	@CScheiwiller can't stop smiling 😆😆😆
8	The amount of laughter ready to leave my body if United lose is unreal
8	@WhoIsThisCaleb you could leap to your feet dramatically, plant one foot on the seat of your chair, and let out that jaunty tune!
8	((things that grind my gears: people drawing gideon gleeful skinny
8	The book that can start improving your relationship tonight.  Taking you on a journey of #fun, #laughter, #romance and #metaphysics.  htt…
8	Nice Idea collect all relevant socialmedia in one-But dont be automatic pls #worldsapp ⬅️ #chirp #appsworld #socialmedia @DanielFeuer merci🎈
8	I'm so so so excited for #UsernameRegenerated  I can't wait! I wish I could get a signed copy! I'm so happy for you. @Joe_Sugg
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #lol #hilarious #punny
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #punny #lol #hilarious
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n#funny #pun #punny #hilarious #lol
8	Niggas never changed...even as a kid and a 29 year old, in his interviews, seems jovial and happy after death of his sister...he did it
8	*gets crushes on fictional and animated characters instead if real people*
8	@MissRBBerry_ @BlaineHale_ @KurtStilinski_ @BeaconScott11 @SStilinski_24 I brought sparkling cider...*holds it up* I know it's not much
8	Best quote from a 7 in German - Almost #happy
8	Best quote from a 7 in German - Almost
8	Love your new show @driverminnie  #hilarious
8	@JoyAnnReid I totally understood his point, but we need a better messenger and the laughter just pissed me off! 😡
8	@walterdonovanSS @mrb_rides_again evil, rich white men and their fucking cronies in intelligence/gov/academia using blithe blacks as fodder
8	@rheafraserx took them an awfy long time to spot their goal was disallowed ☺️ #pleasing
8	@rheafraserx took them an awfy long time to spot their goal was disallowed ☺️
8	Proverbs  27:9 Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a man's friend by hearty counsel.\n#TruthfmDawnBreak
8	We have been a better second half team this season. So there's that. #optimism
8	We have been a better second half team this season. So there's that.
8	Function in regard to camshaft exhilaration companies: CQHshJSI
8	Close to the end of a revision...taking this story I love in a new direction has been exhilarating for me. #endlesspossibilities #amwriting
8	Being in the countryside all day was so pleasing
8	@pi6ie I want to achieve to your level of optimism
8	Come and join in with #cakeclubhour tomorrow afternoon from 3pm! #bizhour #chirp
8	Come and join in with #cakeclubhour tomorrow afternoon from 3pm! #bizhour
8	I'm always smiling so that's why I'm always happy 😂
8	@barbarasgarden Thank you oh so much. There are many challenges but much rejoicing! ✨
8	something about opening mail is just...very pleasing
8	Happy #internationaldayofpeace everyone hoping that the world becomes a better place less division more happiness keep smiling. 😄😄❤️
8	@yeldarbkered You've got quite the cheery young Souls fan. :)
8	@B4caferacer I see things in  the clouds that others can't see so I can #elate
8	@B4caferacer I see things in  the clouds that others can't see so I can
8	@jmomahony thank you for your support, but it was not an attempt at levity.
8	Ahh when my voice gets better I've been asked to play :D id be more than #happy to do that
8	@Harry_Styles 💖\nHeart so pure and smile\nso bright, I love you\nmore than the number\nof stars at night.\nKindly follow me please\nHarry?\n—90,127
8	@JackEvans711, you are the best Whiney Jerkass Heel since @IAmJericho's heyday in WCW. \n #LuchaUnderground
8	I took a yr off school and I'm proud to say I got accepted again, yo girl is going to finish!
8	I took a yr off school and I'm proud to say I got accepted again, yo girl is going to finish! #happy
8	It's better to be wetter than it is to be dry'- Thanks for the tip Val. First #GBBO hearty guffaw of the week
8	@alicereidy more of a hearty Italian man myself
8	Hearing your parent say they're proud of you elicits infinite waves of unconceivable glee.
8	Why bother tweeting poor men's? \nWhat good does it do?  If I'm unable to be cheery,  I go quiet.  Missed you,  btw
8	The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; \nZephaniah 3:17 KJV
8	@AiringOutMyScro \n\n'We'll see, once you're a few drinks in.' \n\nA playful wink is passed to him and, as they pull up into the small lot of -
8	OMG NOL i love u so so much i love ur cheery face and hugs 😘😘😘 @CRAZYmac17
8	@SquishyJiminie aww thank you!! I'm definitely feeling much better today and your messages cheer me up too ☺️
8	@ATrumping hahahahahaha!! Oh gosh. You are hilarious. A black man trying to keep racism alive. Get out of here man.
8	Happiness is a choice life isn't about pleasing everybody #ALDUB62ndWeeksary
8	#chirp look out for them Cars coming from the Wesszzz
8	Watching driven by food and @andrewzimmern going to Devon Ave to eat nihari makes me gleeful af
8	💥⚖️Yeah‼️ PAUL‼️⚖️💥 #joyous #glorious #BB18
8	Forgot to bring extra boxers to the Y so Im currently commando at Starbucks. This is exhilarating. I feel more liberated than Angelina Jolie
8	#PeaceIsPossible when both party accept one another and rejoice together after #OndoGuber,Nov26. @JciOndokingdom @cuttie_dove @Lekibeat
8	brennan cook and breezy should get back together😍😍😍
8	On my way rejoicing, to the pulpit @ Park City Baptist Church, Surrey BC. for Midweek Service.
8	Good Master Vernon, welcome, nephews, from Bellario :\nThere is my lord, that thou interrupt'st our merriment.
8	Luke 1:14\nHe will be a joy and delight to you, and many will rejoice because of his birth
8	“The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy...”\nZephaniah 3:17
8	Loving @Speechless_ABC so far. Just hilarious and @driverminnie is wonderful. #hilarious #Bravo 👏🏻👏🏻
8	@seangrandillo I beg you, never stop smiling. You deserve to be happy and to know all the beautiful things that life can offers.
8	@LBC_Charlotte just watched you on the great wall #hilarious 😆
8	When ya'll talkin about you know who I don't know who ya'll talkin bout, I'm on the new shit....chuckin up ma deuces......🔥🔥 #kanye #breezy
8	When ya'll talkin about you know who I don't know who ya'll talkin bout, I'm on the new shit....chuckin up ma deuces......🔥🔥 #kanye
8	Great to meet @BrightonChoir @MJParanzino tonight. What a lively and enthusiastic bunch! Look forward to working with you again!
8	The best part of this day, Jesus, is to snuggle up in your embrace...to rest in your arms and know you love me...💙❤ #sweetEmbrace
8	The best part of this day, Jesus, is to snuggle up in your embrace...to rest in your arms and know you love me...💙❤ #sweetEmbrace #delight
8	@mrfisher81 Just my attempt at levity 😉
8	Forgot to thank @_JusDee_ and @djolder for sharing @therealpeela's day-making #happy video.
8	Lucina, that's fantastic! When you feel cheery, we ALL feel cheery!
8	May the optimism of tomorrow be your foundation for today.
8	Well that was exhilarating. I didn't know you could have goosebumps for 2 hrs 5m straight.
8	@_BlueCouture The hilarity of you people not realising that racism is racism regardless of whether one uses choice words is hilarious.
8	@1barkcom Thank you for the #follow. Looking forward to your tweets as they look entertaining! #smile #socialmedia
8	@1barkcom Thank you for the #follow. Looking forward to your tweets as they look entertaining!  #socialmedia
8	@jay_roseee but that new breezy &amp; tiller 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
8	The feeling of taking someone's life is either scarring or exhilarating, but for people need to realize that we're going to die at some--
8	Miss my lil caramel delight 💓
8	some say my lover is a pale green light\nhe hovers high where the moon shines bright
8	@AlohaJonathan @AtlantaFX all I've seen is that clip of the jail scene with the sexuality part which was hilarious
8	@GreggDoyelStar I'm sure you'll have a heyday if they do
8	There's a certain hilarity in people angry at protests against the national anthem or the flag when these acts are covered by 1st Amendment.
8	that's my breezy breezy breezy that's my breezy that's my buzzinnnnnn.
8	How did Ryan Murphy create both #AHS and #glee \nSo different
8	But the lady at the store said I had nice eyelashes so that's good, right? #optimism? @verizon
8	I love looking at my old statuses on Facebook. The one I have from four years ago on this day was about #glee. I had so many opinions...
8	Hi Luke hemmings\n\n💐🌸💐\n\nIf I had a flower for every time you made me smile, I'd have a garden. Please follow me? \n\n💐🌸💐\nI love you. x16,092
8	@Elliot_Eastwick just play rappers delight and have a 15 minute kip
8	@OccasionalGod isn't that the reason horror is popular? the exhilaration that comes from discomfort is enjoyable -- watch The Green Room :D
8	The true way to render ourselves #happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure. Francoise de Motteville
8	@RyuRedwings2 and I have discovered you can now send animated gifs over the updated iMessage
8	Evening all. Don't forget it's #RobinHoodHour TONIGHT 🏹\n\n#bizitalk #bizhour #southyorkshire #MansfieldHour #chirp #sheffieldHour #NottsHour
8	When my friends send me ballons and fireworks through text...#amazing #smiling
8	When my friends send me ballons and fireworks through text... #amazing
8	Every Wednesday I like to visit the inmates at Arkham. Deliver a fruit basket. And a cheery bouquet of enhanced interrogation.
8	@7we4k LordDerply for it. It's like yugioh for animated shows!
8	Ok, it seems there is still hope in BSNL 🙂\nNow, BB speed is ok 🙂\nBut I won't thank and elate much lest it be gone again like before 😐🙂
8	And the weathers so breezy, man why can't life always be this easy?
8	After this news I'm supposed to be so damn happy and rejoicing but I'm here like 😩😔😭😞
8	@sophieRblake @SkySpeedway @Kelvin_Tatum @chrislouisIWSC no wonder Kelvin and Chris are smiling! 😍
8	- blood and mucus and he chokes and has to swallow, mirth cut too short. 'Wrong answer.' It takes some awkward movements - @PersuasiveFuck
8	gifs on iOS10 messaging app are hilarious.
8	Do not #educate your child to be #rich, educate them to be #happy. So when they grow up, they'll know the #value of things, not the price.
8	@strictlysimilak something about English sparkling wine would be good. Or farmhouse cider. Or Italian cocktails. Thanks.
8	@JohnGDryden Gud morning sir,,keep smiling!
8	@MaureenKamash that's a good question. I really don't know. I am slowly losing my optimism
8	Traditionalists say it should be bored by or bored with, but not bored of, a 'rule' cheerfully ignored
8	@lilymacintyre_ she was my favourite such a joyful soul
8	#FF @ManihaAamir @adrence Keep on #smiling … !
8	I WANNA GET UP AND DANCE!!!! (but everyone is in bed) this sucks! Everyone wake up!! 😯 #hyper #happy #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight👌
8	I WANNA GET UP AND DANCE!!!! (but everyone is in bed) this sucks! Everyone wake up!! 😯 #hyper  #letsdance #dirtydancinginthemoonlight👌
8	PM nawaz sharif adressed in uno produced mirth among kashmires well done pak wel done nawaz .we want demilterization
8	But I got to see her last when she was lively and talkative and I was able to tell her I loved her so that's what matters.
8	Go one extra mile just see her smiling
8	@NFLonFOX @TheDoctorCarson @FOXSports Easy, breezy, beautiful...
8	what does everyone have against sparkling water?!? such a bomb drink when you mix it with stuff
8	@nerdist How cool would it be if @StephenByrne86 animated the scene
8	@NHLstoreNYC  cheering for @TeamNA_WCH and @HC_Men
8	@steenfox I'm feeling the exact same way. Also I read this in Akon's voice, it provided me with a hearty chuckle
8	Haven't yet read why Dutch drivers are so happy, but here's my theory: because they could quit driving and still have great transpo options.
8	The #chiropractor makes me so #happy.
8	The #chiropractor makes me so .
8	Swear I got the most playful ass bf ever 😂🙄
8	WHY TF DO BROKE BOYS KEEP TRYNA FIND GF's? GET UR FUCKIN $$$ RIGHT B4 I SMACK YO BITCHASS, she deserves 2be happy &amp; u don't deserve that ass
8	@1xfly you sir are hilarious
8	@OtherkinOK @ParadisoAdam Very nice show guys! Now I have supported you, I expect you cheering at my @dublinmarathon on Oct 30th 😉😎👍
8	To give cheerfully.
8	I really hate Mel and Sue. They think they're hilarious and they're just awful
8	Just died from laughter after seeing that😂😭😂😭
8	@StephaliciousD afternoon delight
8	And 9/10 the character is a woman. Because if a man is fat he's jovial. If a woman is fat she's useless and maybe evil amirite?
8	I've watched @ScreamQueens' 2nd Season's 1st episode twice already. And here I am, still joyful, planning on watching it again.
8	It is not joy that makes us #grateful . It is #gratitude that makes us #joyful .\n - David Rast
8	Obfuscated magazines in passage to unite with in order to thine mirth conjunction treat quotient sufficiently: lEAqIWY
8	@Coffeeking12 @jsavite I was injecting a little levity! The person who tweeted the coke/rape tweet is obviously an idiot
8	IDC predicts that by 2020 the term cloud will no longer be used...'\n\nIT Managers and Administrators everywhere will rejoice.
8	Too fucking playful
8	@Lil_PowWow @jweiler0528 More fat = more buoyant. Day 1 water stuff
8	pummeling cheerfully, jauntily, utterly one-sidedly makes us harder, better, faster, stronger
8	@Cherie_Fitz it's being extremely playful
8	@Tweetermeyer The animated version was better
8	Job interview tomorrow 😎 #bright side
8	Well stock finished &amp; listed, living room moved around, new editing done &amp; fitted in a visit to the in-laws. #productivityatitsfinest #happy
8	Well stock finished &amp; listed, living room moved around, new editing done &amp; fitted in a visit to the in-laws. #productivityatitsfinest
8	@alooftroye so what you mean to tell me is that.... glee is...... getting less........... gleeful?
8	@davidplotz @Commentary She writes with sort of the same playful cynicism that you do! :)
8	Our branch will be closed this Sunday, 9/25, in honor of the IRONMAN 70.3 happening in Downtown! Come cheer on race participants!
8	@MillieetylerX I thought everyday was a glee day??
8	As I remember and reflect on Reginald Denny on a night much like this (like #Charlotte) I think to myself, the gun lobby must be rejoicing.
8	@_aiseela\nHe will rejoice over you with gladness, \nHe will renew you with His love, \nHe will rejoice over you with singing.
8	Zeph 3:17 'The Lord...is in your midst, a mighty one who will save; He will rejoice over you with gladness; He will quiet you by his love'
8	Yesterday is history, tomorrow is amystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it the present #livelife #humbleness  #live
8	Yesterday is history, tomorrow is amystery, and today is a gift; that's why they call it the present #livelife #humbleness #smile #live
8	@iTriborg — make him feel vigorous. 'Fine. You can kill me now.' Said Hestia with a display of only despair rather than her joyful —
8	These girls who are playful and childlike seem to have such lovely relationships. Can't imagine them having serious convos but it's cute  😍😍
8	Keep #smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to #smile about. #MarilynMonroe #KeepSmiling
8	As the birds chirp and the cows moo we need to listen to the sound of nature to ensure that all is well.
8	Pain in both your hips during squats is a sign of youthfulness and being spry right? 🤐🤐🤐🤐
8	Leon's cheerfulness is always a big help.
8	did you know that the sparkling letters in Super Mario Galaxy spell out U R MR GAY
8	Headed to Montalvo w/@jaxster3—bring on the #mirth, bitches!\nd(-_-)b\n@Nick_Offerman\n@MeganOMullally\n#SummerOf69Tour2016
8	@mcharlesworth7 Forget the hair, that salon looks so light &amp; cheery! Would go there for a coffee &amp; read a book!
8	its been ages since ive had shawarma my stomach is #rejoicing
8	its been ages since ive had shawarma my stomach is
8	It's so breezy I love it 🌬️🍃💛
8	Lord Jesus, I don’t want to be in prison. I want to be free. Entice my heart with the beauty of Your truth &amp; allow me to rejoice in it. Amen
8	@viquintis OH yeah; I never showed you that part of the session did I? I'll plop them into Discord. Pure hilarity.
8	@lizbon @anomalily @gerikkransky Sorry for the levity if at all inappropriate but this combined with my love of Charlotte reminds me rn...
8	A hearty thank you to you all for joining in tonight. Some delicious British dishes on your menus. #BeerClub
8	@Y2JaKe85 yessir. Also cheering for Sweden bc of Lundqvist
8	Tiller and breezy should do a collab album. Rapping and singing prolly be fire
8	@FieldYates @MatthewBerryTMR @Stephania_ESPN @MikeClayNFL @FrankCaliendo goddamn...the 'celebrity' draft at the end was classic. #hilarious
8	@FieldYates @MatthewBerryTMR @Stephania_ESPN @MikeClayNFL @FrankCaliendo goddamn...the 'celebrity' draft at the end was classic.
8	@jtkola @danmericaCNN she's still younger and more spry than trump
8	Lets get this Astros/A's game going already!  We're going to need all 5 of you in attendance to cheer the A's to victory!
8	My morning started off amazing!! Hopefully the whole day is going as i want it to go!\n#GreatDay #optimism
8	Let go of the need to need. And find your own joyous path through the richness that extends in every direction.
8	May a man live well-, and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him.
8	@reinervshunter you got this💙 #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful
8	@reinervshunter you got this💙 #staystrong  #yourebeautiful
8	I miss my naivety and blind optimism
8	@SteveStratford9 @PaulTowheyJr @ClassicDrWho @BBC @bbcdoctorwho all those will get animated IMO. Companion changes/Monsters/Classics.
8	CommunitySleepCoach: Look at these #narcoleptic #puppies. Make you #smile. If you are human &amp; find yourself in such odd positions, seek #th…
8	Fun pizza night last night with the @PERFORMERS_COLL crew. What a gorgeous bunch of newbies ❤️ #lively #exciting 💪🏼
8	Solange is more aesthetically pleasing than your fave.
8	@Irenelove83 heres what we can do, Get Brock and Sable to tag team mr and mrs AWOL and watch with glee
8	Give rise to eternal home aico things immolation: succeed in mother country exhilaration: AKt
8	Always be full of joy in the Lord, I say it again- rejoice. Philippians 4:4
8	@TeamGrout glee
8	Congress attended by midterm liveliness differently constraints: qmiv
8	Batman the animated series is a gift from the 90s animation gods
8	@IcyEmmaX &lt; took another sip. “We’ve had some earth shattering, soul exhilarating sex. You think black souls can have that kind of &gt;
8	...X, X... Do... you... hear... me? Darn... Your... optimism led... ...to your own... demise... ... You... should... li...live #ZeroBOT
8	A warm #smile is the universal language of kindness William Arthur Ward #love #kindness
8	Some People hate nothing more than a happy confident person. Never mind #happy #confident
8	Some People hate nothing more than a happy confident person. Never mind  #confident
8	Today I answered a call from a college rep who didn't realize I did, and I got to hear part of his lively debate about if evolution is real.
8	@wenniss are you cheering for team Sweden today or team North American?
8	@OkashoHime + returned her joyous focus to the pastel-haired girl. 'Wawa's okay, tooooo~!' She squealed before raising her eyebrows at the +
8	@headfirst_dom I often imagine hoe our moon would feel meeting the jovial moons which are all special
8	@sardesairajdeep @narendramodi. U seem 2 b more happy abt the dvlpt Nything dat fails for Modi make u elated even @the cost of de country?
8	jstor's lingua obscura articles are always such a delight
8	Reflection: the grind has been so REAL! Working 2 jobs &amp; being in school. #ksudsm #ksu #recruiter #instructor #tumble #cheer #gradschool
8	Reflection: the grind has been so REAL! Working 2 jobs &amp; being in school. #ksudsm #ksu #recruiter #instructor #tumble  #gradschool
8	@Johncrookshanks 'Elizabeth Smith!' She said with a cheery smile 'Pleasure to meet you, sir! Where have you travelled from?'
8	#Taurus females are beautiful, sparkling jewels glowing in the moonlight.
8	@JimRichMoriarty + I am in your life! *He yells* Surprise, surpriiise! *He chirps cheerfully, with a wicked grin on his lips*
8	Coworker: 'That happened to a friend of mine once, but with guns instead of babies.' #workplace #hilarity
8	Coworker: 'That happened to a friend of mine once, but with guns instead of babies.' #workplace
8	I love this hearty negro laugh jade and @XavierDLeau let out re:lochte 😂😂
8	@howcaniapply @radioscarboro Much to my delight!
8	@LethbridgeCity I love how playful you guys are becoming -- both on- and offline! 🚗 🚕 🚙 #beepbeep
8	Love your new show @driverminnie
8	🔥💁🏼- its lit having a class with you!!! Your such a great person and good at cheer!!
8	@Ginger_Naylor *Connie came back in* Hey you seem a bit more lively
8	I fear that if United bottle this my heart would actually collapse from laughter.
8	@BrianaBanksxoxo I send ya a few #playful nibbles 😉
8	@ToyStoriesInt They look FAB, they were made for the big screen!Can't wait to see this evolve &amp; the bright future of these little toy people
8	Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
8	Good morning! Welcome the new day into your life and your heart #mindfulness #smile #zen
8	Good morning! Welcome the new day into your life and your heart #mindfulness  #zen
8	The LORD your God is in your midst—a warrior bringing victory. He will create calm with his love; he will rejoice over you with singing.
8	@_wednesdaychild I need to cheer up
8	@PAKallman If you get it going with him, tag me the link please. I have a lot of friends who love following his unintentional hilarity.
8	@MisterSalesman @ThinkPostsDaily #smiling doesnt necessary means your happy.sometimes it just means you're strong!
8	@WildRoverTours Thank you for follow and its a good website you have and cheering with no hassle.
8	why is @Iongroadhome so aesthetically pleasing every single day they're even pretty when they just woke up, when they're tired, just. always
8	@eleanor_binks at least Blake lively and Ryan Reynolds are still together, God bless what a beaut couple
8	@MacEngelProf as a fact for levity, movie theaters on Post actually did play the N.A when I served; was the best part of movies like TheHulk
8	Melissa Benoist and Grant Gustin HAVE to do a musical crossover episode! #glee origins #arrowverse
8	@readanerd cheer up chuck😘
8	in love with @BarberCeleste  insta!!!... #hilarious
8	in love with @BarberCeleste  insta!!!...
8	A presentations propensity for hilarity plays a large part in determining it's funny/offensive ratio and how well such thoughts will go over
8	Pochettino buoyant. Complimentary about his young players. But says 'now our attention turns to Middlesbrough'. #THFC @BBCLondonSport
8	Incredible that Nawaz Sharif said Pakistan is victim of terrorism &amp; talked abt development in Pak. Incredible how he controlled his laughter
8	it's not the most comforting &amp; jubilant place to be, but I do find joy in doing what's best for me and being passionate abt company I keep.
8	@BreezyWeekes hey breezy, you wanna give me some of that coffee you posted on your snap?? please
8	crying because @msleamichele's snapchat is bringing on some serious #glee feels 😭❤
8	Your future is bright. #Remember
8	No doubt.... #smiling ...the best #medicine 😊😊😊
8	Always hurting somewhere..... ALWAYS tired ....when are you lively ??
8	Some vile piece of scum rejoicing in the fact that you have dead children is inhuman and to say it to me is worse still. I hope karma knocks
8	Your attitude toward your struggles is equally as important as your actions to work through them. #optimism
8	Your attitude toward your struggles is equally as important as your actions to work through them.
8	Moment of levity n Charlotte dude on rollerblades goes skating through protesters. Better if he was wearing short shorts &amp; blowing a whistle
8	Most of PROFITABLE FX MONEY MANAGER clients don't mind with high profit share we take, since they are very #happy with the returns they make
8	@VBadawey Every day, we need to choose hope over fear, and diversity over division - Justin missed optimism, change, sunniness, love,
8	@msdhoni #dhoni bcoz of is calmness nd match winning  finishers nd a proud #miltirian #dad#husband nd wonderful humanbeing nd his #smile
8	@msdhoni #dhoni bcoz of is calmness nd match winning  finishers nd a proud #miltirian #dad#husband nd wonderful humanbeing nd his
8	#PiersGough on thoroughly lively and imaginative developers—“Sager have always challenged us to do better and do better.” @IslingtonSq
8	@sophtulig I personally prefer being happy.
8	Finally have all my braces on and I can't stop smiling 😊😊😊😊😊
8	@OutlanderHome if not filming, @TobiasMenzies smile! please. :)
8	@BeastFireTimdog Same with gaming. Sites leaned PS2 during its heyday, leaned 360 most of last gen. This gen started vitriolic mostly by...
8	It's hard to not cheer for team North America since US got taken out.
8	I wanna go to blithe and read w the goats :((
8	@URClassless I think that yawning actor died of a drug overdose. #glee
8	@URClassless I think that yawning actor died of a drug overdose.
8	I want my highlight to be so bright that if I ever get lost and someone is looking for me in the dark, they'll find me.
8	If you want others to be #happy, practice #compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.' Dalai Lama
8	@menglishmusic Thank you for the most fantastic evening, it was a brilliant show, you are a truly #sparkling talent, night over too quickly.
8	A lot of positives tonight. A clean sheet, Payet got some free kick practice, Zaza looked lively and made a lot of good runs
8	Look at us, smiling in the photograph♪ You can see the secrets behind the fake smiles♪ (*・ω・*) (©FACT「a fact of life」)
8	Impractical Jokers...practically genius!!!  @BQQuinn  #good4thesoul #ImpracticalJokers #bingewatching
8	Impractical Jokers...practically genius!!!  @BQQuinn #laughter #good4thesoul #ImpracticalJokers #bingewatching
8	#ilofitt is #laughter #happiness #spiritual #mental #physical #pizza. Just kidding about the pizza. Work hard in all facets for a fitlife!
8	@Somong_MGMT We need 2 bust up the elites in DC, we need jobs 4 all, we need to clean up the blithe in inner Cities, rebuild housing...cont2
8	@PixelMonsterYT @TeamGE0 @IZEDEPTIC @ztumtum @CrimtideTV @LtGrandslam @Slinkercorn Bahahahaha Dean looks hilarious and damn I got fat
8	Accept the challenges so that you can literally even feel the exhilaration of victory.' -- George S. Patton 🐶
8	@SowerAsh007 Great to hear. If there's one thing that makes you feel more like yourself, it;s some hearty chicken noodle soup, right?
8	Woah. That overtime was exhilarating! Out of my seat and the hands on mackinnon wow #WCH2016
8	The irony and hilarity of making Taylor Lautner super cold all the time is not lost on me. God I missed this show 😂#ScreamQueens
8	Bet pawpaw is having a good time rejoicing up in heaven for his first birthday there!
8	Watching the NY Phil webcast.  Something missing.  Reminds me of a blithe Journey's End I once saw on Bway.  Might just be the Gershwin.
8	This night is sparkling don't you let it go,\nI'm wonder struck,\nBlushing on the way home.'
8	Please stop your merriment. It is very annoying
8	If you love singing, but don't have time for a weekly choir, come down to #KWOIR at @theartworksuk tomorrow! #Choir  #musiclondon
8	If you love singing, but don't have time for a weekly choir, come down to #KWOIR at @theartworksuk tomorrow! #Choir #glee #musiclondon
8	Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything
8	Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
8	Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
8	Crossfit houston-la homefolks as for spry proprieties regimes: AJaFUE
8	I understand now...if it's not pleasing to the ear...then it ain't what you want! I'm so so tired!!
8	That was a lovely story to actually see Ruth and hubby who won the cashcow @sunriseon7.It was so funny when she left the phone #happy 😊
8	Inglorious distinguished try auction so the joviality touching back side auction otherwise advance for order about: vAwyZAD
8	you know it's beauty when the smile is her best curve
8	Boys of Fall makes me miss cheering on Friday nights much sooooo bad #bulldogslways🐾
8	@Babylonian I convinced my mom to watch it. Killgrave gave her literal nightmares, but watched last episode four times. #smile
8	@Babylonian I convinced my mom to watch it. Killgrave gave her literal nightmares, but watched last episode four times.
8	@BratzHead happy birthday to the most beautiful cheerful sister ever, llnp 💕❣🎉
8	@JaredWyand Trump wasn't laughing anyway, his expression never changed, he was smiling because it was a moment of levity, nothing racist!
8	@soboleskih Okay this is hilarious
8	@homoaesthetics YESYESYES like jd is the closest cahracter that is similar to blaine!! the optimism and ability to crack tough characters
8	- its lit having a class with you!!! Your such a great person and good at cheer!!
8	@DayveeSutton BIG thank you for liking my little Pumpkin  :)  She's the smallest of my 4, but is very playful &amp; wakes me up most mornings.
8	At the end of the day you gotta be #happy for you.
8	Why would Enrique sub off busquet? #hilarious
8	Why would Enrique sub off busquet?
8	Vincent looking super lively boy... Hattrick perhaps lol
8	@Nick_Offerman &amp; @MeganOMullally 's #Summerof69 show was raw sexuality and pure #mirth ! Thanks for the belly laughs and butt sex japes!
8	.@marcorubio mentions his high school-aged daughters, 'should be a joyous occasion' when they go to college, not bring 'fear,' 'trepidation'
8	My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!!
8	My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #optimism
8	Everyday I wake up, a different @SpursOfficial player signs a contract extension! Love it!! #future #is  #COYS
8	Everyday I wake up, a different @SpursOfficial player signs a contract extension! Love it!! #future #is #bright #COYS
8	i swear people dont wanna see me happy like they will try to do anything to fuck up what i got going
8	#MeogysDailyVocabEnhancment Elation: quality or state of being elated; feeling or state of great joy or pride
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton #quote #yeg
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. George S. Patton\n#quote #motivation #entrepreneur
8	@crazace76 it looks cool and animated well for pixel art !
8	Tomorrow, is the FIRST DAY OF 🍂🍂FALL🍁🍁and I'm elated!!!!!
8	#Appreciate what you have &amp; enjoy your life. \nUse your #smile 😃 to help others use theirs. ☺️
8	@shawnstockman This would be hilarious, if it weren't so frighteningly on point. It's gone from a few bad apples to a national disgrace.
8	I feel like one of my friends brought this freshmen in my class over to pre game earlier in the year bc she keeps smiling at me
8	@JMRescue not brilliant lol! Hoping seeing my horse tomorrow will cheer me up 😄 #equestrianhour
8	Happy Birthday shorty. Stay fine stay breezy stay wavy @daviistuart 😘
8	@PhilRosenthal Perhaps I've missed it, are you doing another season of IHWPH???\nYou are so joyous and gleeful at the the prospect of eating!
8	Having a blast playing games and hearing testimonies at Pastor Jeremy's house #fellowship #food  #praise #gospel #coffey1617
8	Having a blast playing games and hearing testimonies at Pastor Jeremy's house #fellowship #food #laughter #praise #gospel #coffey1617
8	You got some dick recently right, you're happy, you're not sick and you're smiling. Life is good' 😭😭😭
8	Ive learnt that a #smile and good #morning goes a long way, and saying #thankyou goes even further.  #quote #retweet #inspire
8	Better mood today! Bring me #teasing, #flirting, #xdressers, #laughter, and #roleplayers! Also #confessions and #secrets @underdeskloser
8	@beingbrilliant @johnmurrays you're welcome. It's genuinely made me give my head a wobble and realise what's important in life.
8	@mywrldsbl I can be your wolf if you want. Hihi~
8	@mywrldsbl I can be your wolf if you want. Hihi~ #breezy
8	#PeopleLikeMeBecause of my razor wit &amp; sparkling personality
8	It take so little to make a child's life joyful, why do we work so hard to make their lives hell? @MiddleEastEye Peace
8	After soul searching, I'd like to announce that I've chosen @chrissyteigen &amp; @nicolerichie to be my adopted sisters due to their hilarity
8	i animated a little thing i might post it tomorrow since itll be a Good Thursday.. nice...
8	@KillerInASuit - now getting banned but will still lurk in corners and underneath the bed and sofa, much to Eyepatch's delight. Why is she -
8	@ErinAndrews I ❤️you on DWTS You make my night every show! 😘 #hilarious
8	@ErinAndrews I ❤️you on DWTS You make my night every show! 😘
8	Latest on new optimism on keeping #Raiders in #Oakland, live right now on @KCBSNews: @NFL meets here w/Lott &amp; Schaaf to talk new stadium
8	Epicurus~ The man least dependent upon the morrow goes to meet the morrow most cheerfully.
8	everyone hates twice, and i kinda did too but they got bops i'm bumping rn to cheer up
8	The bits that were cooked actual tasted ... no, ok, the cooked AND raw bits tasted awful. 5/5 hilarity, 1/5 taste, 0/5 safe to ingest
8	@gothictana im a delight
8	Get there deviant differently enigmatic bellboy in passage to correct thy ring up jaunty: IWLDpe
8	@nadyaginsburg Thank-you for unfailingly bringing so much joy into my life, you incredibly talented maker of mirth.
8	Try to find the good in the negative. The negative can turn out to be good.\n#anxietyrelief #optimism #openminded
8	Pre-game nerves have settled in 😱 i'l be #cheering from home guys 🔴⚪️🙌🏻🏉 #AFLCatsSwans #ProudlySydney #goswans @sydneyswans @SwansSupport
8	Big thanks to Brad Pitt who's trashy ways brought a modicum of levity to an otherwise lame week of political 💤.
8	Win,lose or draw vs LFC, all football fans will rejoice as West Ham &amp; Chelsea fans beat the shit out of each other in a council house! #COYS
8	I envy ice, at least if you give it warmth it melts #TaylorLautner #Twilight  #quote
8	I envy ice, at least if you give it warmth it melts #TaylorLautner #Twilight #hilarious #quote
8	Literally dying &amp; living at the same time as I catch up on @adrian_ver 's twitter. If you aren't following him your life is BASIC. #hilarity
8	Literally dying &amp; living at the same time as I catch up on @adrian_ver 's twitter. If you aren't following him your life is BASIC.
8	Her charm is liveliness but this is also her weakness.
8	Want Darren to open the video so he can appreciate my hilarity
8	Okay~ #deepbreathes ☺️ we can do this @sydneyswans 💪🏻🔴⚪️ #cheer #cheer &amp; see you on the other side peeps ❤️ #AFLCatsSwans #ProudlySydney
8	Come to the @BullSkitComedy FUNdraiser this Fri. at 8pm @TheScottBlock. Because #pie + #face = #hilarity!
8	Come to the @BullSkitComedy FUNdraiser this Fri. at 8pm @TheScottBlock. Because #pie + #face = !
8	@FaultlessFacade &lt;she really said in response to what she perceived as a forced jovial tone. With that, she slid out of the jeep and onto&gt;
8	And thus begins my 2 week holiday! 😏😏\n#holiday #cheering #ghastinoir #rest
8	And thus begins my 2 week holiday! 😏😏\n #holiday  #ghastinoir #rest
8	#brigetjonesbabys #brigetjonesbaby was the best film! #hilarious - so good - so funny!! 🙌
8	@T_newhouse13 as granny would say I don't know how to chirp
8	Mon Celtic, give us something to cheer - place is empty, soaked &amp; its my wee nephew's Birthday ffs, started well, now dropped off.
8	@Girlandlurchers Yep, peeps on here always out to cheer others up! I'm fine, drooling at GBBO x
8	@enews #breezy deserve it..
8	@simmy_hanley @Schrise also a #delight
8	@simmy_hanley @Schrise also a
8	That was nearly aesthetically pleasing enough lol I need to do this on PS and not my phone
8	@SomeonesAnIdiot @Sean10Lynagh  due to hearty lawsuit NASCAR will raise beer prices $0.07 to accommodate for losses.
8	@veryeloise your gunna make me cry, I need a glee day
8	is it bad that kurt is literally me..? #glee
8	is it bad that kurt is literally me..?
8	Whatever you decide to do make sure it makes you #happy.
8	Whatever you decide to do make sure it makes you .
8	Lea doing a mini set tour of glee my heart just cried tears of happiness and sadness
8	light shining thru a clear sparkling stream of piss ,is a sight women will never know of(also tells tht system ure system is healthy)
8	Treat joy and laughter as a form of worship and spiritual warfare!  #live #victory #worship
8	Treat joy and laughter as a form of worship and spiritual warfare! #laughter #live #victory #worship
8	@EmbitteredIcon *Sam grins against Steve's lips, murmuring his words with a playful tone* You want the shirt off? I sure i could accommodate
8	#PeopleLikeMeBecause    People are using this hashtag to brag about themselves.  I'm not interested in pleasing others, but in pleasing God.
8	The boys rejoice as badger corner has been reclaimed for our first social of the year #cluboftheyear
8	ari looks hilarious oh my g d this is too much
8	The people that call in to POV on KX4 make my night. #hilarious
8	The people that call in to POV on KX4 make my night.
8	hilarity ensues
8	5 person of renown cheerful expectation solutions-pleasure principle back: HsNHZMJSc
8	Beings in my physical reality are my reflection, so me being always joyful extends to their lives.
8	@XGames looks exhilarating! Looking forward to seeing 👍🏼
8	Like I said ➡ there's plenty of cheddar in the cheese to go around! For everyone. ☺
8	Like I said ➡ there's plenty of cheddar in the cheese to go around! For everyone. ☺ #smile
8	Howling with laughter at “WELL DONE BEZZA!” #bakeoff #GBBO
8	@yap_yip --an uncertainty. [Halsey teases, her lips curving into a jovial smirk.]
8	@scottlocker220 Thank you for that, the notification came in the nick of time to cheer me up - have to re-tweet
8	@715d1\nI bought the Steam port of Vice City, and to my delight Billie Jean is on the soundtrack!
8	never #make a decision when you are .. #angry &gt;_&lt; .... and never make a #promis when you are #happy :) :*
8	@glacierqxeen \n\n'Whoo, welcome~!' He greeted cheerfully.
8	@thenthapple Haha I like the optimism cause I'm the same, but it doesn't make this situation any less mind boggling.
8	@MrsTaraX @PlateGotAte YES! I am rejoicing
8	Sometimes I get to sit back and be proud of myself for pleasing Him so well.
8	@DJ_Musicologist #Disney's 1994 #animated #musical #film #TheLionKing was influenced by #WilliamShakespeare's #Hamlet. Songs by #EltonJohn.
8	@JackHoward the Christmas episode genuinely had me in tears of laughter
8	i made a squirrel friend today! i gave him the core of the plum i was eating. he seemed very happy.
8	@julwhite chirp chirp! :)
8	@kaijinboyfriend --while being animated much more recently technology-wise which makes for a very nice combination/look)
8	@indermethil True. We were rejoicing the fact that we signed a quality young CB but we need one more at least. @MarcBartra ? mebbe :P
8	@priny_baby happppy happppyyyyyy happppppyyyyy haaapppyyyy birthday best friend!! Love you lots 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖🎉🎊 #chapter22 #bdaygirl  #love
8	@priny_baby happppy happppyyyyyy happppppyyyyy haaapppyyyy birthday best friend!! Love you lots 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖🎉🎊 #chapter22 #bdaygirl #happy #love
8	@carras16 still bright ✨
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. \n\n#MBMcLisse
8	Sanatana Lopez is definitely me 😂 #glee
8	Sanatana Lopez is definitely me 😂
8	Maybe the entire Russian team will test positive for meldonium and the North Americans will get to replace them #optimism
8	Maybe the entire Russian team will test positive for meldonium and the North Americans will get to replace them
8	Cool to see when smart #CowboysTwitter folks chirp the same stuff you did during your review.  This is why I joined.
8	Try to find the good in the negative. The negative can turn out to be good.\n #anxietyrelief  #openminded
8	@andiymouse @jordana_brown @F1ghtCamp I'm sure he'll do just fine. He can always change to #beer or #cheer squad
8	How do adults remain jovial amidst all the bad news?
8	I'll find Myself smiling and even laughing at jokes that I don't even think are particularly funny, and I know it's because YOU love them!
8	Just caught up with @RichardEGrant's wonderful new series on #EalingComedies. Infectious delight in every interview and film clip.
8	So I survived spin....trying to get down the stairs was hilarious tho #jellylegs 😂😂
8	Will be a lively evening at ot that one.
8	Bridesmaid dresses: having carnal delight in addition to separates: RFpBAX
8	@WuffinArts :c You have my most heartfelt condolences. I'm glad it passed with levity and love in it's heart.
8	Root canal therapy has had a bad reputation in the past... but new technology has allowed more comfortable procedures!  #dental
8	Root canal therapy has had a bad reputation in the past... but new technology has allowed more comfortable procedures! #smile #dental
8	Well that draw is lively! #EFLCup
8	laughter is such a powerful thing and everybody deserves to laugh, if u like shitty romcoms and get a giggle outta planet uranus, power to u
8	I got so much fan's on here! Y'all and vixx keep me smiling ❤❤❤
8	#LethalWeapon A suicidal Vet with PTSD... so FUCKING FUNNY.... let the hilarity begin...
8	@xmaseveevil1. #MSM is rejoicing that they've fooled us with these body doubles for so long &amp; now her death is a secret. Just like Hawkings
8	I don't fuck with people who don't smile back at me in corridors
8	@lakeline I still find you pleasing.
8	We have all been there, and wished we didn't. 25 #hilarious #AutoCorrect Fails
8	Dehydrated, exhausted, stressed but still blessed.
8	Dehydrated, exhausted, stressed but still blessed. #optimism
8	Will WHU be old bill free by the time the game with Chelsea comes around? 😂 😂 😂\nThat will be lively to say the least\n#AFC
8	when u havent learned to swim 🤔 but you keep working out so you're denser and less buoyant 😞 but swimming is scary 🤔 but also u cant swim 😞
8	semores: let's get this. #mirth #SAW #keepthetradition 💜💛⚛🏵🍇🍋🌼🐤🐥👚😈😈👾🧀
8	@Senpai_Vanilla This would be the height of hilarity, were it not for the fact that the adult swan is highly likely to attack.
8	@NHLstoreNYC @TeamNA_WCH #NHLNYCSWEEPSTAKES having fun watching team North America and cheering team Canada!
8	#Sports Top seed Johnson chases double delight at Tour Championship
8	This meth documentary is exhilarating
8	You head north and arrive at a breezy cave. It smells sweet. You glance at your watch; you're running 15 minutes late.
8	@elevens_eggos_ 'El?' He turned around to her, smiling before hugging her gently.
8	@selbsie yapyap! once upon a time, I was an avid fanfiction patron during my K-Pop heyday.
8	To tell the truth and make someone cry is better than to tell a lie and make someone smile. #truth #lie #cry  #offalonehugots
8	To tell the truth and make someone cry is better than to tell a lie and make someone smile. #truth #lie #cry #smile #offalonehugots
8	Being #happy means letting go of the clinging and attachment to things in your life. #WednesdayWisdom #life
8	With a very tired body and mind and sparkling teeth I say to all my followers, good night and if there is an apocalypse; good luck. #aspie
8	I refuse to be a chirp chirp girl
8	It was very hard to stifle my laughter after I overheard this comment. It really is amazing in the worst ways.
8	While I was walking, a little boy in a red shirt(5/6 years of age) shouting from a distance of 3 meters, in a jovial manner saying...
8	Asked one thing from our guys tonight and got it! #happy #proud #disappointed - THAT IS FOOTBALL #timetoclimbthetable
8	Just got back from seeing @GaryDelaney in Burslem. AMAZING!! Face still hurts from laughing so much #hilarious
8	Oh dear an evening of absolute hilarity I don't think I have laughed so much in a long time! 😂
8	Been waiting all week for this game ❤️❤️❤️ #cheer #friday ❤️
8	@gardiner_love : Thank you so much, Gloria! You're so sweet, and thoughtful! You just made my day more joyful! I love you too! 😊💕
8	I feel so blessed to work with the family that I nanny for ❤️ nothing but love &amp; appreciation, makes me smile.
8	Today I reached 1000 subscribers on YT!! , #goodday, #thankful
8	@Singaholic121 Good morning, love! Happy first day of fall. Let's make some awesome #autumnmemories #annabailey #laughter #smile
8	#BridgetJonesBaby is the best thing I've seen in ages! So funny, I've missed Bridget! #love  #TeamMark
8	Just got back from seeing @GaryDelaney in Burslem. AMAZING!! Face still hurts from laughing so much
8	@IndyMN I thought the holidays could not get any more cheerful, and then I met you. #TheNiceBot
8	I'm just still . So happy .\nA blast
8	It's meant to be!! #happy #happy
8	💥⚖️Yeah‼️ PAUL‼️⚖️💥  #glorious #BB18
8	My morning started off amazing!! Hopefully the whole day is going as i want it to go!\n #GreatDay
8	😱 @cailamarsai you've had me 😂 😂 the whole time watching @black_ishABC after you've lost your #glasses! It was #hilarious! @mrbabyboogaloo
8	@iamTinaDatta love you so much #smile 😊😊
8	@WyoWiseGuy @LivingVertical however, REI did offer me the job today as well. Can't believe how exponentially freaking joyous I feel...!!!
8	2 days until #GoPackGo and 23 days until #GoGipeGo..... I'm so excited! #smiling
8	@TheMandyMoore You are beyond wonderful.  Your singing prowess is phenomenal but damn... I'm just elated to watch you act again. #ThisIsUs 珞
8	@luckiiCHARM_ Luckii, I'm changing in so many ways bc of Him!! It's a scary but joyful feeling, making me so strong.
8	@JoshNoneYaBiz I love parody accounts! Well done. Vote for #Trump. #lol #hilarious
8	When you wake up from a dream laughing at something stupid, and that makes you laugh more #hilarious
8	now that I have my future planned out, I feel so much happier #goals #life #happy #igotthis #yay
8	Online now !!!:) all day come play with me !! I'm happy happy horny playful sweet sour;)
8	@grahnort wonderful experience watching you yesterday at. @BBCLetItShine thankyou for the #laughter
8	@itsyourgirl_Z happy birthday :) have a blessed day love from Toronto :) #bday
8	@WSJNordics You make the world a more joyful place. #TheNiceBot
8	Morning all! Of course it is sunny on this Monday morning to cheerfully welcome us back to work.:)
8	@Singaholic121 Good morning, love! Happy first day of fall. Let's make some awesome #autumnmemories #annabailey
8	It's the #FirstDayofFall and I'm so happy. Sipping my #PumpkinSpice flavored coffee and #smiling! Happy Fall everyone! #amwriting
8	Retweeted GunnySmith93 (@Stephen21Smith):\n\nDays like today I am happy to be alive! #blessed #rejoice
8	@ADenkyirah Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day filled with lots of joy and laughter &lt;3 (despite tumblr being a jerk- once again)
8	LOVE LOVE LOVE  #fun #relaxationiskey
8	This is the day You've made, \n\nLet us rehoi rejoice and be glad with all that I am. \n\n😊💖\n\n#aja \nGood morning!!!!
8	I #love to #laugh and share #laughter as way to share #joy
8	second day on the job and i already got a 45 dollar tip from a dude whose was constantly twitching his eye LOLOLOL #cheering
8	I'm such a fan of endless #laughter with #friends and enjoying #happiness together. #FridayFeeling #weekend
8	the thought of you gets me through my day. the thought of your smile never fails at making me smile 💚
8	Today I reached 1000 subscribers on YT!! #happy, #goodday, #thankful
8	Getting my comedic relief w/ @SofiaVergara during season premiere of #ModernFamily. Just what a girl needs! #hilarious
8	@palmtreesarah @WorthingTheatre had more fun than the funniest person in funsville..... Much hilarity as usual.... Thank you ❤️
8	@shwood @mpforstein OMD you 2 are cracking me up! Thanks for the follow Brian. I need some levity to balance the cynicism I share w/Michael😀
8	@DorH84607784 Oh FANTASTIC, I bet it was super exhilarating  🤗😍
8	@ContourCosmetic well done ladies! A great award for an amazing team. A delight to present the award to you.
8	Vals always smiling I love it #gbbo
8	Had a great time at Skywalkers open gym tonight! Come our every Wednesday from 7-8 in Hillsboro and train with us! #opengym #cheer #tumbling
8	I love how cheery and adoring @JackHoward gets every time he produces new content.
8	Good morning joyful people. Choose happiness to have a great day today #morning #joyful #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran
8	Retweeted GunnySmith93 (@Stephen21Smith):\n\nDays like today I am happy to be alive! #blessed
8	Wishing a very Happy Birthday to our awesome dancer, Ruthann!!! We hope your day is magical! #bday  #eatcake
8	Thank you @twitter for the balloons today. #smile #goodday #48
8	Omg. You've got to watch the new series 'This is Us'.....wow. Best tv show I've seen in a long time.\n#tears #laughter #moretears
8	Today is the first time any math professor let us live early before the class time !!! #15 min #feelsgood #happy #wednesday #
8	Food that gets delivered 😍🙌🏻 #cheering #happy
8	You know you're in love when all you can do is smile whenever you talk about how he is to someone.
8	What a #lively #lovely #shower 😇 ..
8	What a great training course, lots of photos, fun and laughter. Photo's will be up soon #Boostercourse #fun #laughter
8	@EmmyMitchell_  hahahaha you're ridiculous!!! But thank you a joyous evening xx
8	I am so happy I have come across @HilltopBindery notebooks! #handmade would love to talk to you! #musthave #want #need #happy #amazing 📖🖋
8	second day on the job and i already got a 45 dollar tip from a dude whose was constantly twitching his eye LOLOLOL
8	Made my night that @GordonReid91 Reid was included in tonight's hilarity. Some of those points were brilliant. Thanks @andy_murray
8	By the way, I'm wearing the smile you gave me today. \n #you #me
8	@airvistara as always it was indeed a wonderful experience flying with you guys today #bestinbusiness #delight #happyme
8	@alpuzz Ah, but once I got it to work, there was much rejoicing! Lol thanks will get it to do taht now.
8	Getting my comedic relief w/ @SofiaVergara during season premiere of #ModernFamily. Just what a girl needs!
8	@MrHenvin Thank you, happy birthday to you as well!
8	I really love the customer service @LifeProof they're always so nice, helpful and cheerful !
8	@ChrisBooker @ThePerezHilton On PHP54  and though the Kardashian stuff goes over my head, you're both hilarious, like gleeful little boys 😂😂
8	@TheSandraGal Glad to see that you're having fun in the sun. Water sports are always fun, challenging, and exhilarating. #happiness #beauty
8	May your day be filled with #peace#love n #laughter .Have a very nice day full of #Success #Jummah Mubarak😇 , good morning☕ @WaseemBadami
8	2 days until #GoPackGo and 23 days until #GoGipeGo..... I'm so excited!
8	It's funny that everyone came in my life as they like how far I'm cheerful and self confident could make me 3abla kaml fg2a kda 😂😂😂
8	Happy Birthday @Brooke56_56  #cheerchick #jeep #jeepgirl #IDriveAJeep #jeepjeep #Cheer
8	TheNiceBot: melbjs ;) Here is a smile and a wink from across the web. #TheNiceBot
8	A #smile brightens your day and the day of everyone around you, so remember to #smile, it's #free. :-)
8	I'm watching joyful noise for 100000000 time cuz I love this movie and @KekePalmer
8	Indian time it's already ur birthday @akshaymarwah22. Have a stupendous birthday. Wish you more success, laughter and lots of love. Hugs. x
8	now that I have my future planned out, I feel so much happier #goals #life  #igotthis #yay
8	#BridgetJonesBaby is the best thing I've seen in ages! So funny, I've missed Bridget! #love #hilarious #TeamMark
8	Had a great time at Skywalkers open gym tonight! Come our every Wednesday from 7-8 in Hillsboro and train with us! #opengym  #tumbling
8	@jadelalaa_ hahaha and u da best bro ever luv u hearty hearts
8	@morgannbroom yes ❤️❤️ &amp; cheering homecoming game!
8	I would like to congratulate the people of Saudi Arabia a happy and a joyous national day. May you all have a great time! #اليوم_الوطني
8	@JackAndJack I'm so lively for listen💗😀
8	@Nick_Offerman I'll be there!! Can't wait for all the !
8	@TheMandyMoore You are beyond wonderful.  Your singing prowess is phenomenal but damn... I'm just elated to watch you act again. #ThisIsUs 🤗
8	@ahtareen1 @ReginalAleman @krelifa @zamansj64 @AwiexaB Very pleasing ty!
8	@Zerfash — can't wait.' She said cheerfully and grinned.
8	@madisenrb she's so sweet &amp; playful 😍
8	Good morning, Trondheim! #optimism #productivity ⛅️❤️🇳🇴🏢💻🖥🏋🏻💪🏼📺🍿
8	Thank you disney themed episode for letting me discover how amazing the @BlackishWriters are! #hilarious
8	having a pet store worker ask 'do you want to play with them?' is the most exhilarating feeling
8	@yoshi_lucky Good morning.Let's start with a smile!\nLet's enjoy life in a cheerful way!\nDon't worry be happy!
8	Currently listening to @ScottFoxonair &amp; @KatCallaghan @Z1035Toronto podcasts!! Can you guys please move to #yvr ? #hilarious #missyou
8	@Jen_Lee @mostlymartha @edotwoods we just found thin mints in a freezer clean. i couldn't be more elated.
8	@Myahrissavietta I'm cheery now 😘😉
8	Probably the best OT period I've ever seen. Absolutely exhilarating. #WCH2016 #TeamNA
8	Rewatching 'Raising Hope' (with hubs this time) and totally forgot how hilarious it is 😂 #HereWeGo
8	@airvistara as always it was indeed a wonderful experience flying with you guys today #bestinbusiness  #happyme
8	@followAdamA looking back on recent tweets seen, this one right here is great #perfect #hilarious #Speechless #deal
8	I found #marmite in Australia. `:) #happy
8	@D_McMenemy It'll be easy to spot the parade of tiny weans in expensive jammies. Really is hilarious!
8	Wishing a very Happy Birthday to our awesome dancer, Ruthann!!! We hope your day is magical! #bday #happy #eatcake
8	I love seeing happy women, that glow is something real.
8	Aw there's a young fox outside on the grass just jumping around all playful and having a little stretch 🙈 soo cute 🐺
8	North America vs Sweden is the most exhilarating hockey I've ever watched 😅 wow , mackinonns mitts are silky #TeamNA #WCH2016
8	Just had #efficient #great #smiling service @AppleBelgique store. Impressive team of geniuses ready to redefine what customer service is!
8	By the way, I'm wearing the smile you gave me today. \n#you #me #smile
8	Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.' #quote #actorslife  #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun
8	You're so cute @katienolan #truelove #hilarious @GarbageTime #beautiful &amp; #graceful never heard explicits spoken with such elegance. #Mingo
8	Always be #cheerful, #smile often make others happy, care for others, help who feel helpless and #vulnerable. Life feels good #leadership
8	What a great training course, lots of photos, fun and laughter. Photo's will be up soon #Boostercourse #fun
8	LOVE LOVE LOVE #smile #fun #relaxationiskey
8	@Matalan when the lady in Xmas dept answers your call as 'hello mrs Xmas' yep true story #winning #Xmas #cheer #goodcustomerservice ❤ 📞👍😊
8	Happy birthday @iRidhiDogra keep smiling always.Wishing you a wonderful year ahead mam
8	Good night, Twitter world! Wish you all good sleep / productive jovial days! :)
8	@RobRiggle @joelmchale @NFLonFOX I still can't get jimmy garoppolo out of my head and it's been almost 3 weeks. Thanks a lot! #hilarious
8	My friend just messaged me 'ugh I'm so hungry I can't wait for breakfast' #socialmedia #WineWednesday #hilarious #funny #laughing #happy
8	Thank you disney themed episode for letting me discover how amazing the @BlackishWriters are!
8	@stackee Charlie attempted to suffocate me with a cushion for cheering so much at the great news 😂😂
8	@clonmacart I'm beaming with glee.
8	Smile at people and see what happens.  I think you'll be surprised #smile more #surprisepeople #influenceinternational
8	Something about these cool, breezy fall days.. 😍🍂🌾🍁
8	Food that gets delivered 😍🙌🏻
8	@ArtyBagger With or without cake seeing your wee cheery face is always a joy xx
8	I am a simple human being who just really loves @aliciakeys like truly, madly, deeply rejoicing in her existence, class and queendom
8	I just really enjoy bright colors, like the colors you would see downtown Miami
8	Thanks for making our Mass with Fr. Vallely respectful, meaningful, and joyful @ACSSCrusader @AssumptionHCDSB ! #SeeWithEyesOfMercy
8	Good morning joyful people. Choose happiness to have a great day today #morning  #happiness #grandmercurejktkemayoran
8	@LiamJamesVernon love the optimism!! BLUE MOON!
8	#ContentwiththeLordsPortion:O satisfy us early with thy #mercy;that we may #rejoice &amp; be glad all our days.#Ps 90:14 #gladness #joy #delight
8	@RealestCastiel just sitting close to him for an extended period of time was exhilarating because he's so beautiful and lively lol
8	TheNiceBot: WSJNordics You make the world a more joyful place. #TheNiceBot #الخفجي
8	@PriiiincesssE thanks for distracting me from my paper to watch this hilarious video 😂
8	@grahnort wonderful experience watching you yesterday at. @BBCLetItShine thankyou for the
8	@LindseySanford @simplymeasured this makes me giggle with glee!
8	Live simply. Dream big. Be grateful. Give love. Laugh lots. - Unknown #quote #inspiration #happy
8	Be #happy. Be #bright. Be YOU :) #identity #TimelessTips #friendship #family #forest #water #family #TrueLove #God #RoadSoFar #you #LifeTrip
8	When you wake up from a dream laughing at something stupid, and that makes you laugh more
8	@JoshNoneYaBiz I love parody accounts! Well done. Vote for #Trump. #lol
8	Zephaniah 3:17 He surely is rejoicing over us with singing...such romance and so needed today!!
8	@imDevinLopez happy bday bro! 👌🏻
8	@itsyourgirl_Z happy birthday :) have a blessed day love from Toronto :) #bday #smile
8	Mate the thing I get excited about in my profession are mad. A client said she opened her bowels, I'm rejoicing
8	Riggs dumb ass hell lolol #hilarious #LethalWeapon
8	“Be #positive, #cheerful, #grateful and expectant.” @NightingaleEarl  #Success #Leadership
8	We are elated to have @lisavol, Sid Espinosa and @dyuliharris, ready to inspire innovative students!!  @knightfdn @MicrosoftSV @JessicaWeare
8	@Norn_IronMaiden @forest_fr1ends It's hilarious
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #punny #lol
8	#ukedchat A4 Just go outside (or to the gym hall) and play! \n #education  #learning
8	And by the way, Takeru's eyes sparkling while eating was like the cutest thing ever.
8	#ContentwiththeLordsPortion:O satisfy us early with thy #mercy;that we may #rejoice &amp; be glad all our days.#Ps 90:14 #gladness #joy
8	@JamieNicks_ it makes complete sense and i'm elated to hear this :]
8	@liamch88 yeah! :) playing well
8	@Olajide_Shutti lmaoo. It will be a joyful day.
8	Thank you @RachelPlatten for teaching me how to live again. It's been so long since &amp; this ride is about to be exhilarating. I just know it
8	Day 3 of #harvest16 - listening to the sound of the chopper working it's way closer to home at @mountaindairy makes me #happy. #farm365
8	@dressenn @amerson6562 @RosaTrunk @iam_spl_ @michaelk487 @Silau25 \nGA🙋 Have a joyful day
8	Yo this 3 v 3 overtime in hockey got me sweaty damn this ish exhilarating
8	What an exhilarating last minute of overtime #WCH2016
8	Day 9 and I am elated because I'm taking PTO tomorrow so I'm doneeeee. But:
8	Ooh #hygge, candles, jasmine tea &amp; #GBBO
8	.@Travelanswerman: When U ride on a pile of salt life is extra sweet! Always salty always savory! #surfing #aloha #smiling …
8	It's a beautiful day today. Cloudy but sunny and breezy.
8	@jimadair3 Guitar shop owners everywhere rejoice
8	A joyous first webiversary/web mitzvah to Smithsonian's @WeiPoints!! @brianwolly @jackie_mansky @bethpylieberman @bilbo @mazeltov
8	@lennyabrahamson May I send you a copy of #HeroTheGreyhound? Either e-book or real paper one! A boy and a greyhound #smiles #tears #laughter
8	Look forward to the detours because they bring delightful surprises. #lifequote
8	@followAdamA looking back on recent tweets seen, this one right here is great #perfect  #Speechless #deal
8	Getting cable hooked up in new place just in time for @NBCChicagoPD and @NBCChicagoMed premiers is like God smiling down on me. #OneChicago
8	@mediacrooks @thenewshour @LodhiMaleeha @ndtv @IndiaToday This is hilarious ! Not a Freudian slip, eh !
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @izzybuzy365  #musically
8	My siblings look all gangster &amp; I look all cheery 😅😂
8	@sidviyer uff!! Look at your Arsenal fans cheering for every goal against United. haha
8	@HytheHighborne -Sylvia was elated to receive kisses from the little prince, her bright smile clear as she glanced to Garrett and Elyse- --
8	There is something v satisfying about  opening an old 'to do'.doc file and being able to check off all the things you have done #smiling
8	If you have the ability to make someone happy or to make someone #smile, do it! The world needs more of that right about now. #CreateLove ☺️
8	@BlueJayHunter I'm fine on the near future, I just want to go to bed super elated and put together audio compilations of great moments.
8	Time to go hit up the library - I have a lovely PILE of book reservations to collect this morning... #glee #books #reading
8	if you ain't watching Sugarboy on Hulu, then you ain't shit. #hilarious hahaha
8	@TampaBayRay I cried with laughter.
8	I'm due for a big change! I've prayed on it, I think I deserve it #positivity #optimism
8	@R1Breakfast Totes had to re-listen to the endless hilarity that was Tom Odell's 'raaar' this morning 😂😂😂 @grimmers @fionaradio @TinaDaheley
8	It's finally raining in Ashland, Oregon. We've been parched all summer &amp; fall. The plants &amp; people are rejoicing!
8	tfw you're en-route to your future :) !! @HUCJIR i'm coming for ya! #openhouse #futurecantor #exhilarating #NYCletsgo
8	@reinervshunter you got this #staystrong #smile #yourebeautiful
8	It's Thursday which means it's Grey's day #TGIT
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooke_bridges  #musically
8	The current run of superman continues to be a delight! You can feel the love poured into it by everone on the creative team #superman
8	I am always ready to #smile.
8	Riding at night has got to be one of the most exhilarating, refreshing things I have ever done.
8	Lmboo , using my nephew for meme #hilarious
8	@sszmata @PKessel81 Blew up the Internet with his chirp. Lol. Love it.
8	Thinking about trying some comedy on youtube. Always been fond of it. Time to nut up. #laughter #comedy #maybeoneday #hopefullyfunny #LOL
8	I like talking to someone who makes me laugh, laughter is the best medicine
8	Lmboo , using my nephew for meme
8	Loved @Bethenny independence msg on @WendyWilliams, be happy &amp; fulfilled within yourself &amp; positivity will flock to you #happy #independent
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @katyy.mae #lively #musically
8	#personaldevelopment\n\nToday is a gift, that's why it's called the present... #happiness #optimism #entrepreneur #personaldevelopment …
8	Bunk ur class📚 at least once in your life time cuz later when u look back good marks will not make u happy but memories😊 will'    -APJ
8	@Nikhilv95 @LydiajaneF I wish, I really, truly wish, that I had just a modicum of your banter. #hilarious
8	Am I watching #BacheloretteAU or Zoolander ? #hilarious #samvrhys
8	@scdesc Yup. And Val basically ignoring the recipe. I'm just done. I keep bursting into laughter x
8	Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything  #optimism
8	the fact everyone is selling their kanye tickets or are buying them for less than $50 is unbelievably hilarious to me
8	@bradshawjp Sweet!
8	He showed us a really lively performance, with a lot of different emotions, not just sticking to one. And that's freaking awesome.
8	@Nick_Offerman I'll be there!! Can't wait for all the #mirth!
8	Icon is pochama.\nHe is very cute and easily elated.
8	@crimpoop my adorable and cheerful daughter\nAlways pouring positivity green goo on me\ndare hurt her and you'll see hell //growls\n\n#PandaBot
8	Remember: The life you have is a blessing for #God. Make it a joyful experience regardless of the odds. GBY
8	@chrisrock brings back great memories of hilarity on #SATURDAYNIGHTLIVE
8	The neighbor dancing in the Clayton Homes commercial is me. #hilarious
8	All in all a pleasing night down The Lane .  .  .  On to the next round &amp; bring on Liverpool at Anfield! #COYS
8	@AlbertBreer @jetswhispers Be sure and switch it over to cable news - cheery
8	If you simply act out of kindness, strength, and optimism, today will be the best day ever! @Tarleton_KINE @DrKaylaPeak @jssimpson9
8	@beingbrilliant @johnmurrays you're welcome. It's genuinely made me give my head a wobble and realise what's important in life.  #smiling
8	@liamch88 yeah! :) playing well #optimism
8	Why have I only just started watching glee this week I am now addicted 🙄 #glee #GLEEK
8	@RealKyper @NHL watching the jubilant scrum at the end of the day and remembering they're all still kids! #priceless
8	chirp chirp! what a beautiful white and red bird! 🐦
8	15 minutes of yoga to your breakfast routine will change your day #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga #smile #stretch
8	@sydneyswans #cheer #cheer the #red and #white we are now off to #grand final to #win the #fight. Thanks @JetstarAirways
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #lol  #punny
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @iamjustinburke #lively #musically
8	@deadlyjokester *she let out a playful gasp and slowly wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him back*
8	The T.I / Shawty Lo beef is one of the more underrated ones in hip-hop history. Chock-full of wit, bravado and hilarity.
8	Just popped a half bottle of 2014 @Bellawines #sparkling #gamaynoir from Westbank. Evenin', folks! \n#bcwinechat
8	Omg I'm outside making beats with garageband and some little birds  decided to chirp along （≧∇≦）
8	Go follow me on Musically @budderlordk1ng I am making a lively. Come and join BFFing and Following ;) See you there!
8	@adamrodricks I like your optimism!
8	Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes finally  ; B joyful an funny/dont boss/dont argue/do everything with kids/go on mini car trips/ focus on love
8	God just replaced my sadness with laughter, can't go the whole day sad ...
8	A hearty welcome to those who followed me.
8	In ever use to like smiling until I realized how good my teeth look ... Witout the braces
8	@saraandgreg @Airbnb Another happy customer.  #secreteyes
8	I just heard the most incredibly transcendent song ever &amp; now I feel high &amp; fucked up yet joyful &amp; I will never be the same
8	Elinor,' she laughed so little known, all over every body at the brilliant cheerfulness of sweetmeats and a fashion.
8	Only Geo is capable of cheering me up❤️❤️❤️
8	@MericanMainer AWW. I had a Maine Coon when I was little named Ted Eddy the Wonder Cat. They're such good cats! Very playful and sweet
8	Make someone happy ^_^
8	What if.... the Metro LRT went over the Walterdale?!?! 😂 #yeg
8	Go follow #beautiful #Snowgang ♥@Amynicolehill12 ♥ #Princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut #smile #Whitegirlwednesday
8	felt a bit shit getting a very high blood sugar then i remembered it's my first one above 15 this week which is incredible for me! #happy
8	@TheeCurrentYear @Sargon_of_Akkad this is too much hilarity for one day
8	Being a veteran just totally got me out of a ticket. I'm elated right now, close call.
8	*violently screams at the four winds* WE AINT EVER GETTING OLDER *cute jovial rhythm starts* *moves hips along and waves arms in the air*
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it. \n #funny #pun #punny #lol
8	There is something v satisfying about  opening an old 'to do'.doc file and being able to check off all the things you have done
8	Rojo is so bad it's hilarious.
8	I'm due for a big change! I've prayed on it, I think I deserve it #positivity
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kaylaaa_sartorious #lively #musically
8	.@Harry_Styles I hope you never go a day without something to make you smile. You deserve all good things. Please follow me?\n❤️💛💚💙💜\n311,553
8	@_stfukohle it's ok champ you'll make it I'm cheering you on from a far
8	Rojo is hilarious
8	I'm so playful. lol I need somebody that'll joke with me all day long cause ill never get tired of it.
8	@LFScott57 Miss Cookie sends her thanks! She's not as spry as she used to be - like me! She doesn't have the adventures the young pups do!
8	It's better to be wetter than it is dry' - @RLevin91 certainly found that hilarious #GBBO
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.\n #funny #pun #punny  #lol
8	Ooh #hygge, candles, jasmine tea &amp; #GBBO #happy
8	@my2k aaa Cam animated that, so proud of our boy
8	@safaridjh but it's so aesthetically pleasing omg
8	#Followback Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
8	Peter is aesthetically pleasing to look at
8	Loved @Bethenny independence msg on @WendyWilliams, be happy &amp; fulfilled within yourself &amp; positivity will flock to you  #independent
8	I thought I got mad for anything but my bf gets mad over any little thing lmfao shit be hilarious
8	@KWAYNTjoia it's exhilarating
8	So happy my next class is canceled bc..im od tired 😭
8	Optimism leads to success. - Bill Kerr @Coach__Kerr #success  #goals
8	It's meant to be!!
8	#smile is the #respect we give everyone.
8	Not untill today has anyone ever said to me they remember what I had on over 7 years ago when they met me n liked me since #cutealert #happy
8	The object of literature is to make man a wiser and happier being. The poet makes us happy because he tells us how we may become so.
8	Watching Avatar and wondering why I took so long to watch this *collapses in a joyous heap*
8	@DuncM1981 @pmallon72 At the risk of being blocked I thought that video from the wake was hilarious.
8	I want the smoky clouds of laughter to swim about you forever more..
8	I'm a cheery ghost.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @elise_awsome_11 #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @footballrocks123456 #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @maisiev  #musically
8	@AJStylesOrg I know they have you a scripted ego maniac but, I was so elated to hear that you are a devout Christian like myself. Phenomanal
8	@alyankovic I really wish I could attend the show at RCMH. I'm there in spirit, cheering you and the dudes on! :)
8	@Dubai92 try asking for a cheeseburger with only onion &amp; mustard at any #McDonalds #hilarious
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. #FocusX10 #motivation #motivationalquotes #quoteoftheday
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @flydudern  #musically
8	You know what's great about #GBBO ? Contestants helping each other, cheering each other on. So important.
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
8	@kymwhitley hello Miss Lady I'm sure today brings you happiness and laughter use your voice also to make us laugh  god knows we need it
8	Thank you @twitter for the balloons today.  #goodday #48
8	@LoisJoanneLane Wagging his tail at the praise, he paused, tilting his head as she took the frisbee from him, letting out a playful -
8	Kayaking is merriment together with sevylor inflatable kayaks: eYGgJxMl
8	Knowing how to cook is invaluable, what's even better is that even in a 400 sq ft place, I have wide and hearty homestyle egg noodles.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @footballrocks123456  #musically
8	Do what makes you successful and #happy now and forever
8	I love Mary's undying optimism. You could present her with dog shite and she'd find something good to say. #GBBO
8	Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.' #quote #actorslife #smile #love #hardworkpaysoff #fun
8	#smile every morning to a positive head start with your #clients relations
8	@MoAmali @awosss @Arsenalman2011 listen I dn't subscribe to this team coq Team xhaka stuff. I like all our players. Depth has me elated
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @hannah..mccloud #lively #musically
8	And the weather so breezy, man why can't life always be this easy
8	Of cheerfulness, or a good temper - the more it is spent, the more of it remains.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @mrgummyking #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @rosannahill #lively #musically
8	Rec'd call 2day from Haitian church we started in Florida some 15yrs ago. Preparing to acquire their own bldg. Wanted me to know. #rejoicing
8	There's a specific joyous 20 song title engiybhekayo, yasezayoni. Need it for le mood
8	promise of restoration to the nation of israel...'everywhere you look blessing '..barns/wine overflow.Everything beautiful  #do_u_see
8	Look forward to the detours because they bring delightful surprises. #lifequote #delight
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @paulzimmer #lively #musically
8	talk about a mood pickup i went from depressed to elated so fast
8	Finn singing 'Can't Fight This Feeling' in the shower and Will spying on him is one of the best scenes on any show.
8	@NHLstoreNYC I'm cheering for @TeamNA_WCH and @TeamEUR_WCH #NHLNYCSweepstakes
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @evanhufferd #lively #musically
8	@bradshawjp Sweet! #optimism
8	Finn singing 'Can't Fight This Feeling' in the shower and Will spying on him is one of the best scenes on any show. #glee
8	tfw you're en-route to your future :) !! @HUCJIR i'm coming for ya! #openhouse #futurecantor  #NYCletsgo
8	It's Thursday which means it's Grey's day #TGIT #rejoice
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kana_blender  #musically
8	@ofc_ALDUBQC Glad you gained some cheery vibes just by looking at our Happy Meal! 😊
8	I found #marmite in Australia. `:)
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @huntermcaseyy  #musically
8	@5ftanomaly aside from that i'm all about pleasing the individual that i'm involved with, my pleasure comes from their pleasure.
8	mustache_harbor: TiburonChamber plus a hearty pour of #yachtrock by #mustacheharbor !
8	@jaime_scurr: any team in the world would be totally elated to get to have you on it XD
8	Tonight my top delight was a Skein of Geese flying about 1 foot above me as I swam in #Windermere. Breeze dropped &amp; it became like glass.
8	— to reveal a broad smile. \n\n'Yeah, it's nice.' \n\nPursing his lips, he stifled his joyous expression in order —\n\n[@AVIATAUBE].
8	the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Numbers 6:26 #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected #delight
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @its.finfin #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @iamjustinburke  #musically
8	@Rbrutti what a #happy looking #couple !
8	Punchline king is back! @Paedeezy 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯 #bright city lights
8	@lawson__lynch my kinda girl pleasing the dick right😍😏
8	Catering channel's at the height technics hearty enjoyment symptomatize: vrlfEyrN
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @maisiev #lively #musically
8	her fingers slide along your thighs, caressing the skin before she's leaning down, down, down and the first lick is teasing n playful.
8	@doctorofinfo I was just introducing a little levity to the convo. Yep!
8	@INCIndia Oh please! INC talking about looting! I'm not saying #BJP is pure but this is such a #hilarious #irony! @BJP4India is def better!
8	For a moment I found myself smiling
8	@globemartyk 'drunken patroons' make this whole situation much more jovial though.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @flydudern #lively #musically
8	@PersephoneOD Her cheerful voice echoed through the grand, familiar home, a smile blossoming on my rosy brims, 'Mom.' I reciprocated the --
8	Just watched Django Unchained, Other people may frown, but I titter in delight! 2/5
8	My future must be bright af.
8	She gave a playful wink, taking the goggles off her head, swinging them around her finger. 'I would never~' @VerminEngineer
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @elise_awsome_11  #musically
8	Live simply. Dream big. Be grateful. Give love. Laugh lots. - Unknown #quote #inspiration
8	On the bright side, my music theory teacher just pocket dabbed and said, 'I know what's hip.' And walked away 😂😭
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @paulzimmer  #musically
8	@yoursecretsub1 Trust me dear, if you want to make anything invisible, hang a wet paint on it, and hilarity will ensue.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @swagrman_fan  #musically
8	Vacation wise, Egypt offers great places, amazing scenery, bright skies and good weather at a very good and affordable price for students.
8	Gotta hit up breezy every day to make sure he's breaking in my boots. First class friend right there
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kaylaaa_sartorious  #musically
8	15 minutes of yoga to your breakfast routine will change your day #preparation #sunriseyoga #bodyawareness #health #yoga  #stretch
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @jaredhorgan  #musically
8	Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
8	Every single problem we ever face can be solved with a nice blend patience and optimism
8	Transitioning to a new job is hard when you have nothing but joyful memories of the previous one. Thanks @LifeTeen for changing my life! ❤️
8	Accept the challenges, So that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.\n\nTOMIHO IpaglabanMo TapingDay2
8	@BattleSmitten \n\nother begin telling a 'story' he realized that she was making an attempt at cheering him up. It was sweet of her and so ➤
8	Time to go hit up the library - I have a lovely PILE of book reservations to collect this morning...  #books #reading
8	Not untill today has anyone ever said to me they remember what I had on over 7 years ago when they met me n liked me since #cutealert
8	It is no coincidence that Lacan recorded infants' jubilant reactions to their mirror images in the noise.
8	Be happy. Be who you want to be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody....
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory!!
8	Another joyful encounter in Tribez &amp; Castlez! I just met Mouchole, Ogre Cook! Do you want to know who that is? Download the game and find...
8	@bodwell_james did it not just enliven your soul
8	A 'non-permissive environment' is also called a 'battleground' - #MilSpeak #hilarious
8	@samvirwin fancy! I have some of those and I have never put them up, I should do that. Also, I vote jaunty angles then no one will judge
8	@sportinglifecan I keep a down vest or sweater in my pack year round! Helps on chilly mornings or breezy mountain tops! #mysportinglife
8	@BertGatti not had much to cheer about you see 😜😂😂
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @haythatjamile8  #musically
8	It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it. \n#funny #pun #punny #lol #hilarious
8	@kevinmenzel annual reminder that i don't care and will cheerfully eat anything so labeled
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @huntermcaseyy #lively #musically
8	@gypsydragoness wrinkling up. 'Well now, looks here like your name starts with the letter G, eh?' The man smiled up and gave a hearty +
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @izzybuzy365 #lively #musically
8	@__PeterPanda yes bro it's actually breezy
8	- the joyous occasion of laughing at the ostentatious display of disrespect. Bruce just scoffed at the entire scene. This wasn't Batman’s -
8	@RobRiggle @joelmchale @NFLonFOX I still can't get jimmy garoppolo out of my head and it's been almost 3 weeks. Thanks a lot!
8	@ardit_haliti I'm so gutted. I loved her cheery disposition.
8	When you're prof suggest @Pharrell and William James may be unlikely dialogue partners and then plays the #happy video #WeAreCST
8	The return of Matt Damon, and of director Paul Greengrass, brings back all the exhilarating if rather po-faced entertainment to a movie
8	Thinking about trying some comedy on youtube. Always been fond of it. Time to nut up.  #comedy #maybeoneday #hopefullyfunny #LOL
8	@ClaireBlair27 See, that's how you and Michelle are so cheery!
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooke_bridges #lively #musically
8	#LMFAO @MSNBC 's #racepimp Tamron Hall used the words 'fscts' and 'MSNBC' in the same sentence #hilarity #libtard #biasedmedia #neverHillary
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.' - George S. Patton
8	promise of restoration to the nation of israel...'everywhere you look blessing '..barns/wine overflow.Everything beautiful #joyful #do_u_see
8	@biggerthanyuu He's flushed upon hearing the feeling is reciprocated. He's elated to shove himself right into his arms and hug him tightly.+
8	Why have I only just started watching glee this week I am now addicted 🙄  #GLEEK
8	I aspire to have Val's self confidence and optimism tbh 👏💖 #GBBO
8	I can not depict what I feel right now.. I feel jubilant yet anxious, or..dunno. It seems like now I'm having something worth wait everyday.
8	@bijayjanand\nIt's not just a treat for viewers to watch u as janak, it's simply a treat for our soul, mind, thoughts. #hearty respect 🙏🙏
8	Just now we were rejoicing that we finally won a match the draw just revealed that we are facing city next. This life sef
8	@AimiSyafiqahR go check up with your bf. He'll give u strength with just one smile. #TOPno1
8	Charlotte and a friend just climbed to the top of a windmill! Think the view was easy, breezy, beautiful? @PlayHollywoodU
8	Omg. You've got to watch the new series 'This is Us'.....wow. Best tv show I've seen in a long time.\n #tears  #moretears
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @katyy.mae  #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @hannah..mccloud  #musically
8	What if.... the Metro LRT went over the Walterdale?!?! 😂 #yeg #levity
8	@DailyMailCeleb @KTHopkins Katie I love how you describe yourself as 'normal'. Really you're anything but! #hilarious #neverchange
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @kana_blender #lively #musically
8	@TiburonChamber plus a hearty pour of #yachtrock by #mustacheharbor !
8	@u4uzoma Boss I see you as someone that is jovial and funny. Tho av not met u in person.
8	@carysmithwriter @Maria_Savva @RealRockAndRoll We're the least known band in the World, but so glad you asked #muchlove
8	#Talking about our #Problems is our greatest #Addiction#Break the #habitTalk about ur #Joys#quote  #problemsolving #behappy
8	@nw_autonate \n\n*She held the back of his skull, smiling into the kiss.*
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @ittzdevin  #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @__.mila.__ #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @swagrman_fan #lively #musically
8	#ukedchat A4 Just go outside (or to the gym hall) and play! \n#education #playful #learning
8	it was both lively &amp; lovely @crumblepie15 @buryprofs @DittoBistro #BuffnPolish
8	@jessbr0ughton don't be shy next time! We're a cheery bunch. :) \n\nSam. X
8	To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
8	@Chr1sMcLaughlin he's brilliant, lost the joyous plot with us that year. Admits being a fan now after that.
8	It has been medically proven that laughter is an effective pain killer.
8	@ashleynwinters I don't like the statement but I love the optimism
8	I've got some new pens to break in. Name an animated series and I'll draw you in that style 🖍
8	felt a bit shit getting a very high blood sugar then i remembered it's my first one above 15 this week which is incredible for me!
8	@UKLittleKitchen Defo a hearty root veg gratin. Nice comfort food as Autumn kicks in
8	@Corsair those sparkling looks like a gay vampire 😁
8	Yahweh your God is among you, a warrior who saves. He will rejoice over you with gladness.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @jaredhorgan #lively #musically
8	Always doing the EmotionalHedge™ w #WPS\n\nI'm elated about start.  Have I mentioned I'm on TAMU -6?!
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @thebrandonrobert  #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @broitzmax #lively #musically
8	Relive Vegas' heyday with Rat Pack tribute
8	I wish there was a #glee version of @ShawnMendes Stitches. @GLEEonFOX #gleekforever
8	i fix a clever ritual to make you feel frolicsome
8	Panda eyed jaunty after watching jaws until late!
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @broitzmax  #musically
8	A cheerful heart is an unending banquet.- Proverbs (Mishle) 15:16
8	Anyone know how the #Mariners did today? The mood here seems strangely jubilant! As Meatloaf says, 2 out of 3 ain't bad, unless you win one!
8	@DailyMailCeleb @KTHopkins Katie I love how you describe yourself as 'normal'. Really you're anything but!  #neverchange
8	My friend just messaged me 'ugh I'm so hungry I can't wait for breakfast' #socialmedia #WineWednesday  #funny #laughing
8	Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
8	repentance, and trusting in Christ. It is lowly and painful, but it is also joyous, peaceful, and absolutely glorious. (2/2)
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooks_swaggysquad #lively #musically
8	@AQpk which was worse than expected and hilarious too. no one will even remember.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @matt.boss #lively #musicallyjh
8	Queen Bey will be smiling over sixth this afternoon
8	@carysmithwriter @Maria_Savva @RealRockAndRoll We're the least known band in the World, but so glad you asked #muchlove #hilarious
8	@RapeseedOilFans \nWho nose where those scent roses went\nTo a spot in the Orient\nMummified\nIn rapeseed oil fried\nEating drinking &amp; merriment.
8	When something makes you excited, terrified, thrilled, nervous, elated &amp; like you've been kicked in the guts all at once. Need word for that
8	@Nekudere oh ok, yeah I felt dumb like I think I would have known if it was animated at least lmao
8	@LoriAlan1 Seriously. Digging those eyebrows.
8	@FullTimeDEVILS Memphis looking bright. Rojo looking like Rojo.
8	@ESPNLosAngeles best segment so far by @marcelluswiley @Kdubblive  hilarity
8	Taguchi engineering fashionable hale and hearty little game optimization: MqnAOcU
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @arbitraryvlog  #musically
8	Update: I have yet to hang out with @MisElizaJane, but I'm still hopeful! #optimism
8	@aradsliff don't know I'm from nj we are the worst on purpose. #laughter
8	*ZETH voice*: Hit The Target \n (holds up upside down cheering towel)
8	Benefit out exhilaration called online backing off: JkUVmvQXY
8	Optimism leads to success. - Bill Kerr @Coach__Kerr #success #optimism #goals
8	@AphoticSanguine —but be a little playful. \n\nHe hesitantly pulls away, just enough so he could get words out, lips brushing against—
8	“When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.”―Maya Angelou
8	@LoriAlan1 Seriously. Digging those eyebrows. #animated
8	me taking a picture by myself: *awkward smile*\nme on picture day: *awkward smile*\nconclusion: stop smiling ;'(\n #pictureday2016  #ornot
8	#Followback Quote_Soup: Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @rosannahill  #musically
8	I assume that people pick up on my joviality coz I lol a lot but it's just not working. Maybe I need to get heavy handed with emoticons? Ha
8	Your lion's heart\nWill protect you under stormy skies\nAnd I will always be listening for your laughter and your tears
8	@LPDonovan this is why I think his pre prepped debate answers have the potential for hilarity
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @__.mila.__  #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @mrgummyking  #musically
8	To all who follow me, whether we've ever talked or not hope you have a joyous life. Goodbye.
8	Whether you are rejoicing or fighting back tears, God wants to share the moment with you.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @thebrandonrobert #lively #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @its.finfin  #musically
8	@thetwattickla @NottRihanna lol no it's sparkling wine
8	@DipstickDipper \n'It's alright!' She said cheerfully trying to make the moment fun
8	@rosyIipH glee glee glee glee gLEE GLEE i LOST LOST LOST lowe much
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @evanhufferd  #musically
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @ittzdevin #lively #musically
8	And you as well! #sparkling @cherebork @MelissaJoyRD @SarahKoszykRD @eat4performance @rustnutrition @jenhaugen
8	A cheerful sloth annotated old books about a very good man then the gods ended evil.
8	@chenaidavid easy, breezy, beautiful rasta mon
8	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton
8	When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.\n»Maya Angelou\n\n@DrMayaAngelou #RIP #MayaAngelou
8	The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -- Mark Twain
8	@IndieWire @cinemaeyehonors #WaltzWithBashir was incredible, tho I think it's more of an #animated film than #documentary about #Lebanon war
8	A good thing about being sick is that coughing is like an ab workout. Maybe my abs will be more defined by the time I'm better 😂😅
8	@OilersFanSean yup I feel dirty cheering
8	Possible magazines over against put with versus thy joviality conjunction shower quotient sufficiently: BQAvtja
8	Just like there is a right way to pray, there is a right way to give - not grudgingly or of necessity, but cheerfully. #woficc
8	@JoshuaLenon I trust you know that I appreciate your willingness to explain the details, and my attempt at levity is just that. @bobambrogi
8	Check out this #film Robocoq 301 #animated #shortfilms
8	A good thing about being sick is that coughing is like an ab workout. Maybe my abs will be more defined by the time I'm better 😂😅 #optimism
8	i'm doing laundry and watching that 70's show with a bunch of strangers. #happy #birthday #to #me
8	The neighbor dancing in the Clayton Homes commercial is me.
8	@DKTaylorWriter I thought that was funny, too. But maybe not such a coincidence. Green must be the official color of optimism.
8	It breaks my heart seeing people down or upset.. I will try my best to make them smile or cheer them up 🤗
8	@buzzlightbeard2 If you don't love yourself... Honesty is the best policy #smile
8	@philjame5 @spoke_bros wow! that looks bright
8	So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. Ralph Waldo Emerson
8	@smoothkobra after such a heavy 2 days this has given much needed levity. Thanks bro
8	Never make a #decision when you're #angry and never make a #promise when you're #happy. #wisewords
8	Evening all. Don't forget it's #RobinHoodHour TONIGHT 🏹\n\n #bizitalk #bizhour #southyorkshire #MansfieldHour  #sheffieldHour #NottsHour
8	A decent sleep makes Kurt a happy soldier. Spit &amp; polish the converse men. chests out and baseball caps at a jaunty angle.
8	I #rejoice in following your statutes as one rejoices in great riches. -Psalm 119:14 #TheBible
8	“Don’t burn out; keep yourselves fueled and aflame. Be alert servants of the Master, cheerfully expectant.' Romans 12:11-12
8	i'm doing laundry and watching that 70's show with a bunch of strangers.  #birthday #to #me
8	I think what 2016 to really needs to round it out is a @cthulhu4america vs @smod2016 twitter debate. End on something joyful, ya know?.
8	I saw her, whose countenance expressed a mighty rivers were monotonous, and her lively conversation took care of the various
8	I'm really hitting all flavors of my sparkling water rap. But you know what's tripping me out? These half French and Spanish flavors.
8	Twitter is a font of endless hilarity.
8	@tunaeP_ cheer up☺️
8	He maketh the #barren woman to keep house &amp; to be a #joyful mother of children\nPraise ye the Lord\nPsa113:9
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @arbitraryvlog #lively #musically
8	@PeanutRD @MelissaJoyRD @SarahKoszykRD @eat4performance @rustnutrition @jenhaugen  hey #sparkling is the word I just picked 4 my biz card
8	@doubtcaspar babe :(( remember I'm ALWAYS here if u need a little cheering up or talk, ily lots💘
8	@Hank_nsno @RonaldKoeman cheering and clapping I assume
8	Decide to stop being afraid. To just stop. What are you now free to do?\n\n#brave #free #honest #healthy #happy #life #living #optimism #love
8	#Arts create richness &amp; liveliness in our society, continues through educational &amp; social benefits, and only ends with the economic
8	Hey u never know, Channel 4's version of #GBBO might actually be quite good. A few adverts aren't the end of the world.
8	@melsey6 oh good girl hope she is cheerful
8	Not my fault if I'm more observant than you thought of me to be ! 😜 I'm not sorry 😝 #wisdom #laughter #observingyou #allthetime #becareful 😎
8	Top seed Johnson chases double delight at Tour Championship
8	incetown, age 23, joyful, elevated in hope with the
8	@88Palouseriver @ABC @NRA I rejoice everything time some moron is taken out of the genetics pool.
8	@delon03 can you at least just walk past her and break out into laughter
8	Day 3 of #harvest16 - listening to the sound of the chopper working it's way closer to home at @mountaindairy makes me . #farm365
8	I might not pay for my own health insurance but I do like sparkling water and Brussels sprouts now so I think I'm an adult
8	@CazuaL_WeaR @ScottInSC looks like a book shaped like a gun to me #optimism #itsagunalright
8	I am always ready to .
8	The point of living, and being an optimist, is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come' - Peter Ustinov  #quote
8	Intermit animated^%%%ncaa pittsburgh vs mississippi sprightly shiny bbva level peg varsity football telly scra...
8	Turkish exhilaration: for a 30% shade off irruptive russian visitors this twelvemonth, gobbler is nephalism so...
8	#ThisIsUs has messed with my mind &amp; now I'm anticipating the next episode with #apprehension &amp; #delight! #isthereahelplineforthis
8	Now I'm back at @wxpnfm and am elated to record @mannequinpussy fucking shit up in our studio this evening.
8	The Quarterback' wrecks me every time.. #glee
8	A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. A wicked man accepts a bribe in secret to pervert  justice.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @matt.boss  #musicallyjh
8	A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones -Proverbs 17:22-
8	@TheNotoriousMMA looking like @MIckeyRourkeFP in his heyday
8	I see I'll be hovering over the block button today with much glee.
8	Am I watching #BacheloretteAU or Zoolander ?  #samvrhys
8	i started glee from the beginning n i'm crying they were such babies i love my children
8	Decide to stop being afraid. To just stop. What are you now free to do?\n\n #brave #free #honest #healthy  #life #living  #love
8	#ThisIsUs has messed with my mind &amp; now I'm anticipating the next episode with #apprehension &amp; ! #isthereahelplineforthis
8	You have to find a way to top yourself. #glee
8	You know, you're pro-actively playful. You want to press your boobs into my face, Tatenashi. I'm not saying no, though. =3
8	lol! no mention of pak PM or even his speech on any international news channel and pakis are rejoicing as if the world stands with them
8	@veggiesausage that happens...u will be ok tomorrow cheer it up..Don't give up no no no😝😝😝
8	Update: I have yet to hang out with @MisElizaJane, but I'm still hopeful!
8	“The essential Saltes of Animals may be\nArkham’s large outfit from any effects he\nI rejoice that you continue in ye
8	@warmneutrals 'passenger in car next to u cheerfully asks for a cigarette and then directions'
8	@EtherealMystic_ - felt like he couldn't control — and here she was, giving so much of herself, selflessly pleasing him. His groans were -
8	@TChudhry @fasiranjha lol @ ur caste. even if the whole village dies.. a massali like you cant be a chaudhry:) so cheer up massali :)
8	will i ever get the nerve to quit the restaurant ??? find out tonite on glee!
8	#RIP30 Heaven is rejoicing because they've gained an angel, the Keifer family are in my prayers 💙🙏
8	@DanLanthier That was exhilarating hockey. They're still out if Russia wins in regulation I'm reading. #fuck
8	My boss likes to stand in my office &amp; smile at me like a shark: maliciously gleeful, and ask me how am I as if I have a secret to tell her.
8	Cross Party Group on Crofting meeting tonight in @ScotParl. Suspect it's going to be a lively meeting....
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @brooks_swaggysquad  #musically
8	Riggs dumb ass hell lolol  #LethalWeapon
8	@footballmcd agreed. Memphis looks lively also
8	Hey NASCAR fans. Are you going to the race in Loudon this weekend?  Why not stop by New Day Diner for a great hearty breakfast before you go
8	Had a coworker look at her phone and say, cheerfully, 'oh look, Kap's getting death threats now.' 🙄. Then she goes to say the 49ers are
8	Hey u never know, Channel 4's version of #GBBO might actually be quite good. A few adverts aren't the end of the world. #optimism
8	the prospect of getting choked out by a hot daddy tonight is sorta cheering me up but I also kinda just wanna watch the new AHS episode lol
8	“Set a goal to achieve something that's so big so exhilarating that excites you &amp; scares you at the same time.” \n― #BobProctor
8	@zinabukvic_ cheer up
8	My two older boys were elated, my toddler was terrified. I have pics of his poor little face peeping through the hole in the basket.
8	@SoCalValerie this one was Apples attempt to make muslims happy 🕋
8	Tom Phillips being all jovial at the start of this week's show when Joe is strutting out after that video package is quite the juxtaposition
8	Bring back the heyday #NominateBunkface
8	At the regular cheerfulness of any emotion, her own supper, and to give the ladies were soon as they have been entirely at
8	Blake lively is flawless
8	every time a new Anthony Weiner revelation breaks, Bill Clinton says a prayer of thanks that texting/DMing didn't exist in his heyday.
8	@finkowska just rejoice if you get paid for it.
8	her; i want a playful relationship\nme; *kicks her off the couch*
8	#Talking about our #Problems is our greatest #Addiction\n\n#Break the #habit\n\nTalk about ur #Joys\n\n#quote #optimism #problemsolving #behappy
8	When your rewatching glee and break down in tears all over again. 😭😢 #glee
8	#food  #деньги #smile   microsoft_.net_framework_4.5.1_full_plus_by_gora
8	Tip 5: Don't worry about pleasing everyone. #TitanWisdom
8	@finkowska @PigletParker they happen. I expect your thumbs were all over the place in glee, interpreting my double negative.
8	Go follow #beautiful #Snowgang ♥@Amynicolehill12 ♥ #Princess #fitness #bodyposi #haircut  #Whitegirlwednesday
8	@Devilligan It's a beautifully sincere balancing act of grief and hilarity.
8	@AllredMD @KerryCallen @thismanthispete Kirby's Black Panther in a cool animated panel.
8	@Bookselenaxxx @Hustler @Bookselenaxxx @Hustler \n👅💦👅💦👅💦👅💦👅💦👅that hot pussy unappetizing that delight
8	Cover it up with a smile, maybe it'll get better
8	Currently listening to @ScottFoxonair &amp; @KatCallaghan @Z1035Toronto podcasts!! Can you guys please move to #yvr ?  #missyou
8	@FoRDaYS14 😳 chewing what? #smile #arcdental #turlock
8	Laudrup and his evil white companions rejoice.
8	My ukulele bag has fallen apart. 😐 WELLL AT LEAST my life hasn't yet!! #Joys\n\n#quote  #problemsolving #behappy
8	@JohnDotWhite I remember its heyday, but these ladies range in age from, I'd say, mid-30s to early 70s.
8	The point of living, and being an optimist, is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come' - Peter Ustinov #optimism #quote
8	@elena_yip My random guesses for you! A potential Amelie, Kenneth of 30 Rock (but YA instead of TV) &amp; maybe w/ the optimism of Lara Jean?
8	@SloanTheOtaku Betelgeuse/Sloth was lively, dedicated and tenacious, Regulus/Greed is humbly content and Ley/Gluttony is starving hungry.
8	@Tomstarling86 He didn't have many chances to show what he can do but looked lively and had a good shot tipped over the bar before the end.
8	@GNRailUK There's gonna be street parties when you lot leave. Spontaneous rejoicing. Clowns.
8	@iamnotatwit Or did I lie and cut 5 years off my age to be young and spry and hire-able in Hollywood? #thegoldbergs
8	@CohenDS Yell, 'Bye, garbage!' cheerfully after it.
8	what happened to breezy
8	Love how cheerful that woman is about storing someone else's furniture for an eternity. I'd have sold it by now. #GrandDesigns
8	•Days!'\nHe was itching for a fight..itching for the exhilaration of battle, of almost getting defeated, the adrenaline pumping•\n@RojinHitto
8	the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Numbers 6:26 #truth #trust #promise #calm #justice #great #mighty #protected
8	Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
8	Lil reminder that my private account is a delight of shittalking and occasionally NSFW stuff! @AngryArchosaur
8	every day i have to think in my mind will this be pleasing to God. my decision making, the way i react, treat ppl, speak, am i pleasing God.
8	Trying to loveee somebody, just wanna love somebody right now, guess there's just no pleasing me
8	Follow me in instagram 1.0.7 #love #TagsForLikes #TFLers #tweegram #photooftheday #20likes #amazing #smile #follow4follow #like4like #look …
8	don't put famous dex in a tweet with breezy lol chris is that guy dex a bitch lmao n music ass
8	Athenian: When mirth is the order of the day, he ought to be honoured most who gives most mirth to the greatest number (Laws)
8	The birds chirp , the sun shines and the wind chimes chime. There was once a smile on this face.
8	@rantking just adding a little levity
8	@FoRDaYS14 😳 chewing what?  #arcdental #turlock
8	@MerenthaProphet - the Hunter in this way, content and joyous in simple, domestic bliss? I cannot wait for word of who you truly are to -
8	@_haye_ optimism is he'll lose, that's actually a compromise :P
8	Misery loves company. The church ought to be a place where it finds none.\n-Pastor Kris Theobald #joy #rejoice
8	@BrightPigSEO @BrightPigSEO we provide dignified and professional funerals at prices families can afford #satisfied clients #bright pig
8	#Talking about our #Problems is our greatest #Addiction#Break the #habitTalk about ur #Joys#quote #optimism #problemsolving #behappy
8	#hate going to the doctor on so many levels but least I can go sleep with a #smile just watched #Dwight on live nation
8	Do not truck the delight; delight the truck.
8	@Blancalanka96 thought it'd be fun and it is not fun but on the bright side I don't have to fight for parking
8	Miami proficiency is like pleasing by what name miami beaches: pIkxb
8	@suavecitamay sparkling water is nice you know I tried it the other day
8	@gatewaypundit Mostly animated audience I'd bet...green sceen folk...the ones that don't need air..!
8	Today's realisation that it was the last time I watch swimming lesson cos I go back to work next week lead to a joyous bedtime. #worstoneyet
8	Pinterest one dessert... Next thing you know your pinning how to make 27 different visually pleasing mouth watering never gonna make sweets.
8	I'm worried someday I'll be yelling at my kids and they'll be confused about if or not I'm being serious 😭😭😭\n\nI'm too damn playful
8	@PeteSpencer007 Are you always so relentlessly positive? Your constantly cheerful optimistic disposition starts to grate after a while.
8	Mind if I tag along?' She asked cheerfully, sweeping a lock of hair behind her ear. 'I want to see if you've really got • @DitheringWizard
8	Pre-prepare direction plays hale and hearty situation an in child's evolvement: CMmyd
8	only time I am ever cheering for you Johnny
8	@JackCurryYES he's just lucky...bad pitchers...#WHATEVER...ElKracken is #legit #future #bright #gottawearshades #LetsGoYankees
8	Being playful as shit😤
8	Final night shift coming up.  I won't miss it but I will miss my work pals and the hysterical laughter that gets us through the night
8	@ColMorrisDavis @rolling_2 @realDonaldTrump @pbump He's jubilant to hear the word that he probably uses in secret heard out loud.
8	@blackeyed_susie They ain't going away, and I don't want to see them hurt; changing hearts/minds is really our only option, no? #optimism
8	I love when my dog is playful, but he really just scratched my face while flailing his paws in excitement and almost tore my nose ring out
8	@fillegrossiere @PeasParsley @tombrodude bobs burgers is an animated show. Maybe Bob looks like him. They would cast him based on voice too
8	I take a strange delight from seeing mark Hughes struggle
8	@MalYoung @AngelicaMcD I hope to now see some levity, light, romance and happiness come Stitch and Abby's way after such a long hard road.
8	On the bright side with YouTube heroes leafy will finally get banned
8	myself that despite the absolute delight my children and I would feel having a kitten in our home, the misery my husband would feel is more.
8	@colmjoconnor well it was after my heyday too I'm afraid, I was expecting 1st baby I reckon. Now aged 15 *gulps* I'm so old :-)
8	@KMunie7 @KaranEsch Helluva lot more animated than they were for the actual game &gt;.&lt;
8	backed pats -2.5 10/11 just before #pleasing
8	backed pats -2.5 10/11 just before
8	Loading mirth out to be trusted websites: LKskQUfke
8	@FOXTV did you use the warblers set from glee on the @BONESonFOX episode about the acapella college kids?
8	If I were assured of your eventual destruction I would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept my own.' -Sherlock Holmes-
8	GKN so lively as well, mad quick
8	@AdamCimmering Boro are at the OS before then, they could give the stewards a good work out. Chelsea will get about 8k, will be lively.
8	@JackCurryYES he's just lucky...bad pitchers...#WHATEVER...ElKracken is #legit #future  #gottawearshades #LetsGoYankees
8	i mean i guess most of the mean ones are treated as like playful but i want to support yoosung without dating him ;___;
8	Method into thin out assault corridor thine liveliness: cHd
8	@niceoneWern @Alotta_Pain the gleesome threesome
8	@eachus At least he's willing to discuss, better than most. That and keep the insults light with occasional levity or creative BS-ing,
8	@flutterpolitely she is from the heyday 80's -could go either way, writing should be stronger but don't know who will be sacrificed first
8	Stack up with porthole under way heyday through worthy of faith bull's-eye transportation services: moM
8	i bet dat dog eating name brand cheerios. cant relate. i eat cheery O's
8	Well look at the bright side. You found a use for that rope #TipsToSurviveAPowerOutage
8	@hoemanda69 wtf is tenacious and jubilant
8	Dark, dense, and exhilarating come the finale, #HellOrHighWater is a gripping watch.
8	I wish there were unlimited glee episodes:( so I could watch them forever. #gleegoodbye
8	A not very young man compiled info on a smiling baby then a mattress created new evil.
8	Question for all the cheerleaders who ages out!!\nHow to I make my senior year of cheer more memorable
8	@_Kdddd drop some off at 1133 cheery
8	which always leads to the kind of hilarity average people will never experience - especially during breakups.
8	HMS Pinafore' time.\n\nI need some mirth.
8	@OrbsOfJoy plan a date... like a date u find pleasing or smth. fuckign\n\n10/10. because the child will grow to be a ten out of ten
8	@johnwintertweet dudes who wanna play some bass but not buy a bass (me) rejoice
8	@lennyabrahamson May I send you a copy of #HeroTheGreyhound? Either e-book or real paper one! A boy and a greyhound #smiles #tears
8	@CNBCFastMoney Harwood gleeful at these new numbers, bet your money on this reporting...look to lose it...@HillaryClinton liarthiefscoundrel
8	If I were assured of your eventual destruction I would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept my own.' Sherlock Holmes
8	@mehnazt @Mel_Harder I live a life devoid of mirth. Come to think of it, there aren't enough taco bowls in my life, either.
8	Watch this amazing live.ly broadcast by @haythatjamile8 #lively #musically
8	@mark_slifer actually maybe we were supposed to die and my donation saved our lives?? #optimism
8	@_j_sa_ switch out Steve Carrell and put in Kurt from glee then it's accurate
8	don't be with some just because they try to drown you in gifts. be with someone who makes you truly happy, without the materialistic things.
8	With that draw, the scum must be rubbing their hands with glee! Typical draw for the Woolwich lot!!! #jammygunnerscum
8	All the fans wanted Man Utd at home in the next round...\nAre you cheering for Northampton or Man Utd right now?\n#lufc
8	@FlannelJedi This is why I drink and watch You're the Worst as a way to cheer myself up.
8	Sometimes he likes to ride arround on people's shoulders or drop on them unexpectedly from vents or doorjambs. Like a big, gleeful spider.
8	@crumpledlinen he chirp
8	You have to find a way to top yourself.
8	cluck cluck cluck, wolf wolf wolf , chirp chirp chirp is all I ever hear.
8	@LeBatardShow #heyday Race war 2016
8	@buzzlightbeard2 If you don't love yourself... Honesty is the best policy
8	listening to the Oblivion score, drinking coffee, researching for new sci-fi animated project.
8	@lilymooregrant u used to chirp me for drinking it u hoe
8	@CNN &amp; @donlemon must be rejoicing ovet #Charlotte protests. \n#NorthCarolina
8	342:147 And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swear\nA merrier hour was never wasted there.--\n#AMNDBots
8	@SXMUrbanView @karenhunter @CousinSyl you are so wrong for this!needed levity after that recording
8	smiling through the stress :) :) :) :) :) :) :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
8	@honevbee close up shots of my ugly mug as I continue to talk about Blaine years after glee has been dead
8	Rec'd call 2day from Haitian church we started in Florida some 15yrs ago. Preparing to acquire their own bldg. Wanted me to know.
8	Doesn't it just suck when you're so real to someone and try to exhilarate every ounce out of them to only see that they're not down
8	Positive #psychology research shows salespeople who score in the top 10% for #optimism have 88% &gt; sales than those in top 10% for pessimism.
8	Tend the sick, Lord Christ; give rest to the weary, bless the dying, soothe the suffering, pity the afflicted, shield the joyous;
8	Never make a #decision when you're #angry and never make a #promise when you're . #wisewords
8	A 'non-permissive environment' is also called a 'battleground' - #MilSpeak
8	No, just tweet pictures of four fictional characters who describe you. One should be an animated character. @sunshinessp411
8	@israelradioguy @WearingWelcome @SkipBaylessSux U blocking doesnt diminish the hilarity of his observation.Or your child-like response to it
8	Meanwhile, the so-called M’s fans sit there knitting or sleeping not sure which but they certainly aren’t cheering like the other teams fans
8	@musicfae15 [He grumbled as he sat atop the sushi bar stool, crossing his arms defiantly, in a playful gesture, though he gave anyone who &gt;
8	One time I saw Rachel from glee tell someone their job was on a pole and I said that in 5th grade to a boy and he look confused
8	@Dubai92 try asking for a cheeseburger with only onion &amp; mustard at any #McDonalds
8	Fee otherwise tricks: palm oil delegation mt jaunty resident: TZxCHLdAQ
8	@TheBarmyArmy all the optimism...
8	The bounty hunter things a bit lively
8	@Spotted_H0rse I'm spry, though
8	mirana told me to shut up when i was singing along to glee...
8	The Quarterback' wrecks me every time..
8	A former diplomat is quite gleeful about the situation of Pakistan on @TimesNow\nNot quite stiff upper lip of diplomacy seen normally
8	@ryanwilson2015 That's why compatibility is key as it lowers hedonic volatility.
8	Halfway to work and I realize I forgot to put on underwear....It's going to be one of those days! #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday #breezy
8	god, Facebook's design has started to remind me of MySpace in its heyday
8	Halfway to work and I realize I forgot to put on underwear....It's going to be one of those days! #mombrain #toomuchgoingon #longday
8	Three days off a month with two ex wives and no home could be worse. I don't know how, but it could #oilandgas #optimism
8	@EngrNabeeel then rejoicing now is a lil' bit prematured dont you think🤔🤔🤔
8	it's so breezy out today, i can't go to back to school night with bare legs like i've had all day
8	@jellzybean cheer up punkin'
8	@APkrawczynski   Any possibly KG is being bought out as a player so that he can buy in from Glen as a minority owner?
8	I saw those dreams dashed &amp;&amp; divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over &amp;&amp; over again ~ sparkling &amp;&amp; broken.
8	@EducatedNPetty white pricks that were laughing at your use of language won't be crying over your coffin but rejoicing that you're another
8	Light of day per heyday popularization backfire cinematography: XUcQb
8	@peachkellipop the whole thread is jovial and fun and then this comment is like FULL of misogyny
8	@Nikhilv95 @LydiajaneF I wish, I really, truly wish, that I had just a modicum of your banter.
8	@mark_slifer actually maybe we were supposed to die and my donation saved our lives??
8	Misery loves company. The church ought to be a place where it finds none.\n-Pastor Kris Theobald #joy
8	@Spacekatgal @outmagazine Its okay to be trans just rejoice with the trans in the trans way. By the way it's not your business, so why care?
8	@berniedole looks that way. But let's think about Rohan last week ... #optimism
8	At 12:01, Tumblr became sentient. At 1.:02, Tumblr posted gn animated gif about it. At 12:03, Tumblr shipped itself.
8	#LMFAO @MSNBC 's #racepimp Tamron Hall used the words 'fscts' and 'MSNBC' in the same sentence  #libtard #biasedmedia #neverHillary
8	Research has determined 70% of #laughter is actually #anxiety.
8	@NebulaJoker No, they aren't. Episodes are animated during the week before they air.
8	@iyaycruz lets see chirp
8	Val is far too cheery for my liking ✋🏻
8	But i'll be a pity. 🐑 #lively
8	When your rewatching glee and break down in tears all over again. 😭😢
8	Does anyone remember a movie that is animated in the late 70's called Shame of the Jungle John Bulushi was in it wild if that's your taste
8	@ItWontCostMuch_ 'Bed done... floor will be done last... curtains! A-hah!' She tried to sound all happy and cheery but she really wasn't.--
8	@weebtard sparkling water wyd
8	The #house no longer echoes with our #laughter. We light up our #memories of the #home and sit in the cold, #waiting. #amwriting #nostalgia
8	@blackeyed_susie They ain't going away, and I don't want to see them hurt; changing hearts/minds is really our only option, no?
8	#OneSimpleChange: Drink sparkling water instead of soft drinks to steer clear of fructose while still getting a refreshing carbonation kick.
8	Dear everyone at HSSU, stop walking with your phones up so I can smile and wave at you and you can smile and wave back :(
8	$SRPT Why would Etep patients &amp; Mom's advocate for a drug if it did not work? Anyone listen to the Etep MD's @ Adcomm.. all were elated.
8	Gas prices are hilarious. Cause they're simultaneously super subsidised and taxed
8	.@POTUS Obama describes his temperament as 'steady &amp; on the buoyant side.'
8	Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious #ALDUB62ndWeeksary
8	Check out this #film Robocoq 301  #shortfilms
8	Rap that will Cut other raper's throat. Who said that? @Paedeezy #badd #wicked. #bright city lights
8	Who actually chooses to drink sparkling water 🤔
8	f breezy
8	@bear_ing you asshole... you made me sexually attacked to a animated bear :-P
8	Hey @AppleSupport, would be nice to have “click to pause” or “pause when window inactive” on animated GIFs for macOS Messages app
8	@CazuaL_WeaR @ScottInSC looks like a book shaped like a gun to me  #itsagunalright
8	my haters are like crickets. they chirp all day but when I walk past them they shut the fuck up.- @DritaDavanzo (my idol)
8	@TheDemocrats dilemma, blaiming everything on the Bushes, but acting gleeful over their endorsement. #Election2016 #Trump
8	@rubeseatsinfo from here, it's but a short step to biweekly Community Meetings over a hearty meal of soy flakes
8	The joyful tambourines have ceased. The noise of the jubilant has stopped. The joyful lyre has ceased. -Isaiah 24:8
8	noah fence but i want a harley quinn or blake lively layout
8	I truly believe in my heart right now that Satan is rejoicing because we are all against one another
8	Gloriosa Bazigaga on #Rwanda work: 'I lost relatives in genocide but 15 yrs of peacebuilding has given me optimism it's within our power'
8	@HillaryClinton did you see the gleeful look on @realDonaldTrump 's face when criminal Don King used the 'n' word to denigrate Blacks?
8	@TheVulcanSalute , just saw the Save The Day PSA. Why were you in obvious tears doing it? I'd have thought you'd be your cheerful self.
8	I was cheering for NA team. Now I just want this is over and Gaudreau comes back in one piece. It is getting way too risky
8	@alphavenger all chuck seasons, she had that one bright spot with dan, where she was allowed to be smart and kind //and// fashionable
8	@BbeautifulSoul_ u always gotta attitude tho ... 😕 cheer up
8	Oh that cheery fucking note, good night shit heads X
8	categ than GEN &amp;OBC it cost only 100 or nill .i am not against the reservation and i support it,sir minimize the fees #bright fut @PMOIndia
8	@ClvlndK8 It's so sad! There's always such optimism with a new year. This is...not good. @BuckshotBandit1 @dapostrophearcy
8	Shanghais chief distracting levity pampa - proper dingle carry away: uUDQujcia
8	@govph I would like to know about the source of The President's optimism about running the country. I wonder if he can answer my curiosity.
8	Unixware skydrive-cokie hearty exactment blame online: HEpHXhO
8	@__Dayo yall dont feel bad.. you are rejoicing... it is what itnis... its always #ColtsNation even when we have 6th string DBs playing 😔😔
8	Harking back to 2012 - DT's challenge to @POTUS...I will give...DT a hearty thank you...if he will release his tax returns....
8	So much news about Pakistan, Afghanistan, etc. We need more cheery news about Frybread Stands!!! Everyone in media just so grim.
8	remember when glee did a take me or leave me cover but it was between two girls who werent even friends why did that do that
8	I need a bit of #GBBO to cheer me up after a terrible day!
8	Logically speaking, this can't be the worst I've ever felt and even if it was then its passing will still be a joyous occasion
8	I hate when I try to be playful and get shut down lol ...Why so serious🙁
8	As a photographer this portrait shooting mode on the iPhone 7 Plus is going to frustrate me ~75% of the time but delight ~25% of the time.
8	Apparently all the money in the world can't buy a single person to tell you not give your own waist a hearty two-handed pinch while onstage.
8	People always tell me that they don't expect me to have anxiety because I'm generally cheerful and don't act the way they expect me to.
8	Inquiries into alleged abuses by UK troops in Afghanistan and Iraq and data suggesting a buoyant post-Brexit economy makes the front pages.
8	Pinky is so funny n jovial, bt she got emotional n just brought me 2 tears. I felt so bad for her #Ishqbaaaz
8	@faithstrust @TheeCurrentYear imagine being this stupid for trying to chirp because of some racist prick.
8	i wonder how gleeful it is to be dumb af and see the world through rose tinted glasses
8	sparkling or still? #terribledebatequestions
8	Life izn't about pleasing each others...😕\n\n#hell #with #pleasing
8	@debutemma I dont have to sit here and take this from u spry young children
8	You don't smile and you say you're in love, but that's why I don't love
8	@iamglenn35 the forth character? No... not gleeful enough...
8	@emilyycos the other 26 was last night at 2am while i watched the balls i animated bounce for 20 minutes figuring out what was wrong
8	I meet new people and I had to grow up with the reality that people can be desgusting and fake and so I lost my cheerfulness and started to
8	Feelings got cheated when I mistook the sparkling ribena to be the normal ribena......
8	@david_garrett Quite saddened.....no US dates, no joyous anticipation of attending a DG concert (since 2014). Happy you are keeping busy.
8	@aradsliff don't know I'm from nj we are the worst on purpose.
8	Turns out 'it' wasn't even anything to be concerned about at all. Im happy and a bit frustrated it took so long to get this answer.
8	@berniedole looks that way. But let's think about Rohan last week ...
8	half day tuhday but nah for glee 😭
8	Three days off a month with two ex wives and no home could be worse. I don't know how, but it could #oilandgas
8	@LaurenBrierley2 sparkling water = death
8	As the birds begin to chirp, I try to sleep. #Jetlag
8	When u /only/ talk 2 me or ask me 'how r things' just 2 get 2 say something u want, 4give me if I'm not elated 2 start a conversation with u
8	Wanted to get him a cake with sparkling candles but he doesn't like cake😒😒. Ruins everything
8	@AdsByFlaherty And you're cheerfully defending a group of unchecked, armed thugs who've shown a history of racism, violence, and lies.
8	Sometimes I watch shitty tv to reinforce never giving up cuz if something is that fucking awful on tv, I still stand a chance. #optimism
8	@Onision @Eugenia_Cooney annoyed by the good loving fans of Onision including myself Is really annoyed at how people just are too cheerful.
8	With a jovial Trump on his ass, Don King just publicly told a crowd that 'We need [him] because you will always be a nigger.'  #FuckTrump
8	Your glee filled Normy dry humping of the most recent high profile celebrity break up is pathetic &amp; all that is wrong with the world today.
8	@torbalan I still have some shred of optimism. It's rapidly disappearing however...
8	Studying the phases of oscillation. How jovial. 😐🔫
8	@MaxVenator We've had no foreign policy but have had goofy Secretary of State John Kerry with his devil may care pose and jaunty blue scarf.
8	It is too fucking bright &amp; too fucking hot outside
8	Quinn's short hair makes me sad.
8	But i'll be a pity. 🐑
8	Sometimes I watch shitty tv to reinforce never giving up cuz if something is that fucking awful on tv, I still stand a chance.
8	The abysmal ignorance, frivolity and levity of the Italian priests stupefied him.' - Roland Bainton on Luther, #ReformationDay
8	@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ an 'Honorable Senator' cheering when a cease fire does not hold! PEOPLE DIE AND YOU CHEER! GENOCIDE SUPPORT NOT GOOD!
8	Seriously @marksandspencer I'm sick and grumpy and the only thing that's gonna cheer me up is ordering my xmas food, when's it going up? 😢
8	It's just the lack of company and liveliness out here that makes me bored.
8	Quinn's short hair makes me sad. #glee
8	hate overthinking e v e r y t h i n g like i jus' wanna be happy pls
8	People who cheer for sports teams completely outside of New Jersey or PA piss me off
8	@DamnPatriot You're a POS for rejoicing in someone's death.
4	Reported neighbour to police for taking to my daughter with baseball ball - her counsellor rang me and after long talk convinced me the woman was o.k. I felt guilty for ringing the police then guilty for feeling guilty about it.
4	I removed an article of clothing belonging to my employer while in a position of trust.
4	I had to leave an important function early because of family commitments. Someone else had to complete my job.
4	When I was young I stole something from a shop and got caught, then I was taken to the police station and my parents had to come and get me.
4	When I have forgotten to warn somebody for something, or when I have forgotten to bring something I have been asked for.
4	For example, when I have promised something but I haven't fulfilled it.
4	It happens to me quite often. I can't describe a particular case.
4	Low evaluation of other people's cares.
4	Lack of respect for my parents.
4	I forgot to convey an important announcement.
4	When something unpleasant happens to a friend or relative of yours and you are at the bottom of it.
4	Quite unconsciously I offended a girlfriend of mine. It was really worthy to pass this fact over in silence, but I acted so, because I believed I was right. In fact it often happens to me to feel guilt, after I have already done the deed.
4	Always, and this happens often when I do not keep my word.
4	When I offend somebody unfairly.
4	At a moment of affect I offended a person very close to me. He had given me ground for that but it was a trifling in comparison with the way I insulted him. A moment later I felt a sense of guilt.
4	My son drank four pills of diazepam every two hours instead of amidophen.
4	When I had had the possibility to act or to do certain activity better but I had not done it because of reluctance or carelessness.
4	When I don't fulfill my obligations.
4	In a fit of temper I told things that were unjust and they greatly hurt my mother though she didn't show it.
4	My father got a slight heart attack after a telephone call of mine.
4	I didn't attend lectures.
4	Some days ago I had a slight car accident through my fault.
4	When I am not able to fulfill any request of my son - can't take him out to ride his byke, because I am tired.
4	When I don't justify the confidence of people that I respect.
4	I offended a person who had done much for me and who had helped me for everything.
4	I ignored and offended my parents on the eve of the New Year.
4	I feel this feeling most often before me not before the others. My outside is iron but actually I'm wasting away.
4	I didn't give back in time some money that I had borrowed. My friend relied on them.
4	We had promised, with a friend of mine, to take our friends to a restaurant and after having looked for a place for hours without finding one, and not being helped by the others we had to give up the idea.
4	I got back too late after a Sunday going out without having called up home to tell where I was. my mother hadn't slept the whole night.
4	My mother developed hipertonia and I think I too am to blame bacause with her it is a stress disease.
4	I felt guilty when once I made my mother angry.
4	I didn't keep a promise I had made to a man, and in this way I lost his esteem and confidence in me. I caused him a lot of trouble.
4	Recently when I made a slip and blurted out indecent words in my mother's presence.
4	I had an appointment with a colleague of mine to give her my lecture notes. I couldn't go and I didn't send them, and so the girl missed a day for the preparation of her term exams.
4	The assistant professor saw me cheat at the preliminary examination.
4	My grandmother has been in a hospital for a week and I still haven't had time to see her.
4	I felt guilty last year during the winter term exams. A colleague of mine asked me to give him my lecture notes (I had very good notes and I had passed my exam in advance) but I still don't know why I didn't give them to him. That colleague failed and he was on the verge of not passing it at the supplementary examinations.
4	When I was in the fifth class the rating was done in our mark-books. I hadn't been examined yet but I had heard from my classmates about the scolding they had got at home. My first mark was in geography - good 4. I judged I had known for more than that and I put down \very good\" for fear of being scolded. á|Naturally my parents guessed all about it. They rebuked me for á|what I had done."
4	I had undertaken to help my sister for her class work but some unexpected circumstances prevented me from doing that.
4	I felt it when I came home after the examination session and I said I had not passed my last exam.
4	The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.
4	A sense of guilt before my parents when I had to discountinue my studies in the first year because of unpassed exams.
4	I didn't visit a very close friend at the hospital and some days later he died.
4	I remember about an unpleasant event in relation to my mother. I felt guilty before her.
4	When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a man. But it remained undone.
4	Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents when I remembered how much they had done for me.
4	I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it impossible that had driven the car.
4	I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.
4	I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have to tell them I have failed an exam.
4	Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was directly involved in it.
4	I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set quite involuntarily.
4	When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.
4	Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.
4	When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had discussed and I had to be one better.
4	I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this emotion)
4	Not attending school, when  am not sick - but in need of mental rest. Staff on your return query your \sickness\" - it is easier á|in N.Z. to be sick, rather than confide other personal reasons á|etc."
4	When I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend.
4	When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important family occasion that I should not have missed.
4	This feeling of guilt really applies to moral/religious views. I (being Catholic) went against what I was brought up to believe in and had a sexual relationship with my boyfriend. Many months later, when I was doing some deeper self analysis I began to feel guilty and realized that I had gone against what I wanted for myself and my future.
4	I did not attend a social studies observation class for 1 whole week (I am a student trainee teacher). Anyway the other teachers thought this was okay because the teacher I was supposed to observe was not well liked. The teacher was in fact really nice to me - but I wanted to get out of teaching a hard topic he had given me.
4	When I had to go to reconciliation before converting to Catholicism but then once received - o.k.
4	This I experienced when going around with more than one girl.
4	When I had to lie about my age to be accepted as a member of a group.
4	I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to find out and I had to tell her I had lied.
4	When I masturbated in my room.
4	When I betrayed my lover, she told me something in confidence, I felt at the time I had to relay the information back to the person concerned, as I felt the situation volitile, did this without telling my lover, she felt like piggy in the middle, as she was not directly concerned. Maybe you could call it gossip I felt different after I had slept on it. If I had waited, thought, NOW I would not have done it.
4	I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard and didn't previously know about I suspect.
4	While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and someone elses in a minor way.
4	Had started a relationship and did nothing to keep it up, partly the use of another person.
4	Making a sexual pass at my cousin with whom I have a very close personal relationship.
4	Slept with someone close to my girlfriend and myself.
4	When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had of me !
4	Adolescent guilt growing up feeling \bad, immoral\" sexual á|desires, some 10yrs ago."
4	I was late meeting someone for an appointment.
4	I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use it. She never found out.
4	Guilty when I hadn't walked my dog for quite a few days and had given her no attention.
4	When something went wrong for me I lashed out at someone else whom I loved and who was not in any way responsible for what had happened (my sister).
4	I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and returned them.
4	Forgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service.
4	When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.
4	Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to structure.
4	Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast. I felt guilty - \he's just done all that work for me\"."
4	Two timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly).
4	I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my exams.
4	Telling white lies.
4	When caught shop-lifting as for shame.
4	Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working at.
4	Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in relationship with.
4	Someone asked me to do something and I made up an excuse and said no. I then went and didn't the same thing with someone else and hoped the first person never found out.
4	The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where we were staying.
4	When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.
4	NO RESPONSE.
4	I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship. He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.
4	When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and knocked her down.
4	At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky would like this).
4	Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the family when visiting.
4	Beating my brother up.
4	My grandmother wanted me to help her. I was driving a tractor pulling a dead branch off a tree. I told her she didn't respect me.
4	Describing to mother how a hole in the wall had appeared while I was babysitting.
4	Missing lectures and avoiding university work for no reason when it had to be done.
4	When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.
4	I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the beach - on the way I got a puncture.
4	I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.
4	When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another man.
4	In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece. I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt above her eye. Now there is a scar.
4	I had made an appointment with a girl to go to the movies, but actually I had no mind when we arrived at the cinema, it was a full house. I then went back and she went to the movie alone.
4	My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this because she always talks negatively about the same people whatever I do it doesn't help.
4	I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew that my moving was an important reason for this.
4	I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love with him while I had a close boyfriend.
4	That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to persuade him.
4	I had a girlfriend which I used to call regularly. Then I didn't phone her for a while. At a certain moment I felt a little tension which became worse.
4	When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped working.
4	I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to the handle bar.
4	I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.
4	When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.
4	My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for that.
4	I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy. When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.
4	When I flew out to my mother and made rude remarks because I felt so tense (studied too hard for an examination).
4	When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few moments.
4	When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However I know that she loves me.
4	My parents appreciate very much me and my boyfriend coming and have dinner with them at Christmas. However we decided to visit his parents. My mother was rather disappointed.
4	I chatted up with a girl who I didn't love. She however was fallen in love with me. I felt responsible for her sorrow.
4	I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting. After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell him that.
4	When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it myself.
4	Very often I take care for my little sister and oversee her duties. Most of the time everything went fine, but sometimes she absolutely didn't want to obey; then I hit her (we frequently were hit by our father).
4	I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.
4	When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love with me, rather bluntly four times.
4	After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were \inflated\" á|enormously."
4	My girlfriend and I agreed to go to the cinema. However I completely forgot our appointment. I remembered it two hours too late when I went to visit her.
4	When I tell someone no. In other words when I refuse to do something although I could have helped him.
4	After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy was very sad about this.
4	I once drank too much alcohol and became very ill. This was in the presence of my friends.
4	When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.
4	I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy although it was finished already 3 months before. That person seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I felt very miserable because I had told lies.
4	In Biarritz (the South of France) I met some English students who, especially for me, went to Paris and gave me food, while I didn't have any more money.
4	When my father told me that I should help my mother more often, because she was so busy. And I realized that he was right.
4	I borrowed a piece of music of someone and I always forgot to give it back. That person wrote me a letter asking me to give it back. I did so and I told him an idle story why I kept it for so long.
4	When I was caught with another man's wife.  I had taken the opportuinty as this man was abroad but he returned that night.
4	I broke my friend's badminton racket and she kept quiet about it.
4	I was in grade seven and my class was planning a protest against a rude and immoral teacher.  I sneaked out and told the headmaster about it and so the plan was foiled.
4	I beat up a female friend after I heard the defamatory stories that she had been telling.  I was later called to explain my behaviour.
4	When I was made to feel responsible for the emotional state a friend of mine was in.
4	I have cut loose from my father a few years ago. I know he is very sad about this.
4	When my friend needed my help very much and I, at that moment, made an end to our relationship.
4	Someone had to do a lot of efforts to make something work. With my help he would have finished much sooner, but I wasn't in the mood to help him.
4	A friend of mine had a bicycle-accident because I pulled at his handlebar.
4	I saved up money for a good purpose. As I also have to organise a party I am afraid there will rest only a little money for the good purpose I feel guilty about this.
4	When I talked to another student about the notes she got last semester, not knowing that she got a lot of bad grades.
4	When I had a little accident with my boss'car.
4	My mother always evokes feelings of guilt in me. For instance when I miss the last bus I know she will be concerned for me and stay awake till I arrive.
4	When I didn't bring my girlfriend home one night. Later she told me that a cardriver solicited her.
4	Flirting with other girls while I already had a very good relationship. When there are problems in my relationship, the flirting increases as does the feeling of guilt.
4	Being catched when stealing.
4	I was of the opinion that 12.00 pm was too early to be back at home after going out, so I stayed away longer, knowing that my mother would be worried.
4	Against the will and without the approval of my parents I went for a few days to my boyfriend in Germany.
4	That I didn't take the time to make an appointment with someone.
4	A good friend of mine who is at the moment in a foreign country. I didn't write her for several months and now I feel guilty.
4	When I got associated with a boy one year ago, I neglected my best friend. When the relation with this boy finished she behaved very easy-going towards me. I felt guilty then.
4	When I don't go to my parents on Sunday and phone them to tell them that I have to study. The truth is that I listened to sports on the radio.
4	When I took the car of someone without saying it to him.
4	I felt guilt towards my mother when I went to live on rooms in Nijmegen where I study.
4	When I became angry at my boyfriend without any reason. I know he cannot bear me being angry at him and that he can't study anymore then.
4	I knew I had to take an exam very soon but yet I couldn't start studying. I also knew it was very imprtant to succeed the exam this time.
4	When I have to take exams I am very excited and have not much time for the housekeeping. Then my friend has to do everything.
4	A few weeks ago I thought about an exam I had to take soon. I remembered this just before I had to go to sleep. I felt guilt because at the beginning of the year I planned to succeed.
4	During a holiday in East-Germany I got aquainted with a boy who lived there. We started writing, but I only wrote once. I felt ashamed because I probably was one of his sparse contacts with western Europe.
4	I was caught sneaking sweets.
4	I became very angry with my friend because he didn't do shopping, while we agreed on him doing this. My being angry was proved to be without reason and I felt guilty about it.
4	When having a relationship, I made love with another girl.
4	When I had broken a piece of glass of the refrigerator by putting a hot pan in it.
4	After the death of a girl who I disliked.
4	When I cancelled an appointment with an idle story. Afterwards it appeared that the person had looked forward to it and reserved time for it.
4	Yesterday my boyfriend and I wanted to play billiards. However there were boys playing (5 times). My boyfriend then is fed up and chagrined. In such case I think it is my fault.
4	I made an appointment to pick up someone. However I arrived too late and she had to wait a quarter of an hour.
4	When I realized that I avoided two good friends with whom I always shared toys and sorrows. I made up idle stories to avoid telling them what happened to me.
4	I call my mother at least once a week. However last week I completely forgot. This morning she called me, she thought I felt ill.
4	I once torn the inner tube of a bike, that was not mine. Then I saw it was a brand new one. I felt very guilty then.
4	Once after falling in love, I imagined that particular girl to be perfect and completely overshadowing my girlfriend. Afterwards I realized that this image was not objective. I felt guilty against both girls.
4	A certain friend evokes positive feelings, when I am with him but negative feelings when he is not present. I feel the need to express those negative feelings. However, when I speak about him, I always think: Why do I like this, he does not deserve this, but still I do so.
4	I know that a certain person feels very lonely, and that she always looks forward to seeing me. However, often I am too busy to visit her, then I feel guilty.
4	[ I can not remember anything in particular.  What I can remember is feelings of having done or said something which then had negative consequences.]
4	Because I had not studied.
4	When I failed an exam I thought I could pass easily.
4	I went to a pub with a group of friends (not very close) and I was with one girl most of the time, while the other girls in the group wanted to be with me.  They stopped talking to the girl I was with.
4	After an argument with a friend of mine.
4	My younger sister was almost run over by a lorry.
4	When my brother ran away from home and I thought it was because of my continously scolding him.
4	When I had an argument with my grandfather the day my younger brother was born.
4	When I shouted at my mother when she was nervous and depressed.
4	When I failed an exam for which I knew that I had not studied hard enough.
4	During an argument with my brother, I behaved rather intransigently, even cruelly, wishing to morally hurt the \person\" á|opposed to me."
4	When I was with a girl who seemed to love me, while I was with her just to go to bed with her.
4	When I triffled with other people.
4	I was with a girl one night and then did not call her again, although she had asked me to do so.
4	I was looking after a child and she fell down because I was not paying her much attention.  One side of her face got bruised.
4	Some of my friends had an argument.  I had earlier phoned one of them and that may have influenced him to argue.
4	I left a boy with whom I was going around without giving him any explanations.
4	When my parents quarelled over something I had done and which was wrong.
4	When I inadvertantly made some close friends and relatives feel bad.
4	When I hurt a person's feelings.
4	When I broke something and a friend of mine was blamed.
4	When I saw a program on Ethiopia on T.V, a fews hours earlier I had thrown away some clothes and food.
4	I was entrusted with an object and while using it I handled it carelessly and it broke.
4	I had an argument with my boyfriend.  It was my fault but my pride would not let me admit it.
4	When my brother had to spend all evening repairing a gear-lever that I had broken.
4	When a friend of mine was beaten for what was my fault.
4	I could have passed the last exam of the public competition, but I failed as I had not studied.
4	One night, after having decided to finish our relationship, I took my girlfriend home.  While driving back home, I felt that I had not handled the whole thing very well.
4	Not to have studied enough when exams were near.
4	To force someone to do something that suits me.
4	I was going around with a girl without loving her.  Not only did I go around with her, but we did many more things.  In the end I was not very sincere to her.
4	It was about midnight and I wanted to go to the countryside (I was in town) to watch the stars in the sky.  My mother did not like this, in spite of it I went out for a while.  My mother got angry.
4	Once I had some homework to do and I did not do it.
4	Family discord and uneasiness due to something I did not communicate on time.
4	As I was not paying attention, my little brother fell off the table.
4	I had to undergo an operation in Summer and so my family had to stay at home during the holidays.  I felt guilty, above all because of my brothers.
4	One day, I was alone on duty when a patient choked while eating.  I ran to her and tried to make her breath, but it was too late.
4	I was driving a friend's car, and I got close to the pavement to ask my way and I struck a parked car.
4	When I lost my study grant without having attended any exam in the career I had started, and it was too late to cancel my registration.
4	Once, I accidentally injured a boy in the eye and he almost lost it.
4	Incomprehension and repression towards a child's behaviour, commonly not accepted, and making the child cry.
4	When a close classmate failed a year.
4	In an exam I answered the questions rather carelessly and afterwards I thought that the exam would have been better had I answered more carefully.
4	When I do or say something inappropriate which hurts people close to me.
4	In an exam when I answered the questions with very little assurance due to insufficiet preparation.
4	I was alone at home when I broke a figure and then mended it.  A few days later my mother noticed it and asked me about it, I told her that I had no idea.
4	Having suffered a not very pretty sight, I reacted by uttering some very cruel and sharp words.
4	I made another person cry for an unjustified cause.
4	I rejected a person whom I had always thought to be a friend.  I told him so and he reacted angrily.  I felt guilty at not having realized it before and at having hurt him.
4	I was in a cafe with another person when, suddenly, several close friends of my partner appeared.  I did not know what to do and my partner felt uncomfortable.
4	[ When I act thinking that I know everything and I then realize that there were things I had not thought about, thus hurting others.]
4	In a situation with my girlfriend I took a decision.  Later when I thought about it, I realized that it was an erroneous decision.
4	A friend of mine felt bad because of something I had done to something that belonged to him.
4	When I used an adjective for a person without knowing what it meant.   When I got to know the meaning, I felt guilty as it was a clear and unfair insult.
4	I had an argument with a friend of mine.  She would not let me speak and then I began to shout at her.  She got angry and left, I did not try to prevent her from leaving.
4	I had arranged to meet my friends at a certain place, and I was with other people.  My friends did not arrive and the people who were with me began to get tired.  My friends were one hour late.
4	When I was very young, one day, I kicked my grandmother and caused her an injury which took a long time to heal.
4	I am not very affectionate and I feel guilty as I do not give as much affection as I receive.
4	I had promised to say goodbye to a person who was going on a trip, and I did not turn up.
4	One night, I went out with some friends for dinner and I did not tell my parents that I would come back late.  I thought of phoning but in the end I did not.  When I arrived home, my parents were very worried.
4	I had a small argument with a relative and some other people got implicated.  It resulted in a proper row.
4	At school, I did not tell the teacher that it was me who had laughed, and she punished the entire class by making them stay behind for one hour.
4	At a party, several comments were made about the personal situation of one of the people present.  She was rather affected and uncomfortable.
4	When I noticed the negative changes in a friend's behaviour.
4	I was spending a few days at my aunt's place.  One night I got home very late, I had told them I was going to a party but I went to another place.  They were very worried.
4	Due to a misunderstanding on my part, two of my best friends quarelled.
4	A friend of mine said in a group that she felt lonely and withdrawn from everyone because of mental deficiency.
4	When I was young I felt guilty because I thought that I had commited a grave sin.
4	A friend of mine had the sleeves of a leather coat stolen from his car.  It was me who had left them there for everyone to see.
4	Classes were over and I wanted to go home.  A friend of mine asked me to wait for half an hour to take him back home.  I said no.
4	Arguing with my younger cousin.  She is rather a nuisance but I felt sorry.
4	Once, when I arrived home very late, my parents had an argument because of this; my mother wanted to stand up for me.
4	A friend of mine trusted me to back her in a decision she had made.  But when the moment came I did not agree with her opinion.
4	When I arrived home late at night.  I know that my mother gets worried and this made me feel angry.
4	When I did not give back a text book to a friend in time.
4	When I blamed my niece for misplacing my book, she denied having touched or seen it but I carried on insisting that it was her.
4	When they found out that I was absent from school, I had gone to the girl's secondary school.
4	I destroyed my step-brother's bedsheets by mistake, they were the only ones he had.
4	When I lied to my mum, who later came to know that what I had been teling her was false.
4	When my uncle found me having sexual intercourse with a distant relative of mine in the sitting room, on the couch.  I failed to stop and get up, I carried on.
4	When I was caught stealing mangoes in a certain compound.
4	When I went to my room-mate's drawer to see if she had an iron  which I could use, she came in.  I felt guilty as she may have thought that I had been stealing.
4	When I beat up my son for having beaten up his sister.
4	When I was caught sneaking back into the house at night after having  gone to a disco without permission.
4	My brother wanted money but I refused to give it to him, two days later he stole it from my father.
4	When I was caught with my girlfriend in the house at night.
4	When my mother returned from a holiday, I told her a lie i.e my father had brought another woman home while she was away.
4	When I gave in to what my wife wanted and locked the cat out, it was killed by the dogs.
4	When I insulted an elderly person for no reason.
4	My cousin knocked on the door, looking for me to get her watch back.  I had given it to my girlfriend, Lizzy, as a present.
4	When I was afraid to tell my sports teacher at secondary school that I had not participated in the sports activities the previous day.
4	I bumped my dad's car in a lamp post.  He was not at home then, neither was he home when I left for the campus.  I did not tell him about the accident and I will never tell him.
4	I felt guilty when I heard the results of my friend, who had failed.  I wished that I had helped him.
4	When I had sufficient amount of money, I brought more clothes for myself than for the children - I  felt bad about it.
4	I caught a close relative with the servant of the house.
4	When I took drugs.
4	I remember deceiving my brother, I told him that I was going to attend the Sunday service, instead I went out to the town with a friend.
4	When I did something wrong in the past and denied having done it when asked about it later.
4	My father caught me having sexual intercourse with my closest cousin.  There was nothing wrong with it but the female was too old for me.
4	I took some money from my parent's house without asking them for it, and I was caught red handed.
4	Dad had just married his second wife (my step-mother) and I did not like her so I went to the wardrobe and set fire to her dresses.  Eveyone suspected my brother and he had to bear the consequences.  Nobody ever got to know that it was me who had done it.
4	When I cheated my father about the book allowance at university.  He discovered that we were given K150 per year for books.
4	My mother had sent me to buy a few things.  The change I brought back was not right as I had given away some money to a friend thinking that she would not notice it.  However, my mother told me that the change was not correct.
4	I send a word to my boss through my servant telling him that I would not report for work as I was not feeling well and that the   doctor had refused to give me sick leave.  My intention was actually to go out of Lusaka for a week-end.  I left the same day and the following morning my boss found me in Mongu.  I felt guilty when asked to explain things on my return.
4	I accused my husband of being late deliberately when he came to pick me up from work.
4	When I broke up my relationship with my former girlfriend as she would ask me irrelevant quetions about my past.
4	A certain woman had asked me to make something for her and I kept putting it off.  When I finally made it, I did not see her for days only to be told one day that she had collapsed and died.  I felt quite guilty as she had jokingly said that I might not do what she had requested me to do.
4	When I beat up a first year student at my secondary school in my capacity as the deputy head boy.  He had woken up late in the  morning for manual work.
4	When my boyfriend asked me to go out with him and I refused because I wanted to go out with another guy.  I did go out and my boyfriend found out.
4	My baby sister was 2-3 months old and when I was trying to get her on my back, she slipped and fell.
4	I was to inform the neighbour on my left that a robber had been spotted the same evening near the house of the neighbour in front.  I did not do it and the same day the thieves broke into this neighbour's house.
4	I was caught stealing a box of matches in the supermarket and had to plead guilty.
4	One day my mother went to visit her friends.  When she came back she scolded me for not having kept the house in order, so I decided not to talk to her.
4	When my aunt went out of her way to help me out with my financial problems.
4	When I took a small boy's share of choclale.  He was our guest and so had been given a larger share of the sweets.
4	The day I came home drunk after having attended a disco party.
4	I was caught doing something bad and I bribed the person who caught me.  Later I felt very bad, maybe I should have paid for my bad behaviour.
4	I came across a blind man sitting in one of the corridors and asking for money, though I had some money I did not give him anything.
4	When my library books were overdue and I did not have the money to pay for them.
4	When I \passed out\" a female friend of mine for no apparent á|reason.  I was under the influence of drugs and when I am like á|that I get mad at anyone, however small the provocation."
4	When I lied at home.   I told them that I was going to a Christian meeting and I went to see my boyfriend instead.
4	I got into a bad fight in a bar and my friend received a bad cut above his left eye while trying to separate us.
4	I took my grandmother's money without telling her and when asked if it was me who had taken the money, I denied it.
4	The fridge we had at home had a lock.  One day when I wanted something, I unscrewed the door but unfortunately I was caught in the act.
4	When I told a person something that had happened to my friend, and this person went and told my friend.
4	When I beat up a stupid boy who was fond of cracking jokes on me.
4	When I sided with my mother in a quarrel she had with my father before they briefly separated.
4	I felt guilty of having suspected my room-mate of stealing the money last term.
4	We were at secondary school and I was making a lot of noise.  The teacher came to ask us as to who was making all the noise.  I did not own up so the  whole class was punished.
4	I broke a glass of glycerine at the Z.C.B.C store in Ndola.
4	When one of my lovers told me that I was a flirt.
4	I did not deliver a message on time.
4	When I applied for a false travelling claim allowance and later I thought that I would be found out.
4	I felt guilty when I said bad things to my sister, I had not intended to do so.  She cried a lot and later she fell ill and I felt responsible for her illness.
4	When I was late for work and told my boss that it was due to transport problem, whereas the truth was that I had woken up late.  I thus cheated my boss.
4	Last year I was asked to look after my niece while her mother was cooking.  Unfortunately the kid fell off the bed, I was confident that she would not fall and had not been paying much attention.
4	When I told the driver at my workplace to lie and tell the boss that it was not me who was responsible for the delay.  The boss was very annoyed and the driver was punished and a day's salary was taken away from him.
4	When it was discovered that I had done the assignment at my work place, this caused a lot of embarrassment for me.
4	When I was caught going out with another girl by my girlfriend.
4	One day when I was working, I went out for dinner with friends without my parents knowledge and I only came home at 2300 hours.
4	This is a kind of confession - my mum found me stealing meat from the pot.
4	When I nearly got my fiancee pregnant.
4	I failed to keep a promise and this had a serious effet on someone's problem.
4	When my friend was punished for something that I had done.
4	I had stopped talking to a very close friend of mine.  A week later he came over to try and make friends with me  again and from the way he talked I felt that he was a very mean preson.
4	When I hurt my sisters for no reason at all.
4	An item which belonged to a friend of mine was missing.  I had taken it earlier and I thought that I had returnrd it so when he asked me for it I stubbornly refused having it.  Later when I looked for it, I found it in my room.
4	When I had lied, saying that I never take bread from the dinning hall and a friend of mine caught me doing it.  He thus proved to me that I did in fact take the bread.
4	A girl dropped some stuff from her bag and when I tried to help her I realized that she had used me and I was made to look like a fool.
4	When I cheated my father and told him that the school administration wanted K80 for the purchase of a mini-bus.  Two months later the school authorities wrote back to my father for the money.  I could not go back and ask him for the money again as he had already given it to me once.
4	I told my elder brother that he was irresponsible and that I did not care for what he did because he was teasing me.
4	I was drunk one night and I insulted three ladies.  The following morning they approached me and asked me the reason behind my bahaviour, I apologized for my unruly behaviour.
4	When I discovered that the girl I was courting was a relative of mine.
4	I bought something and the shopkeeper gave me more change, I realized this after I had left the shop and was on the bus-stop - and I then needed the money.
4	When I got fired from a job because I gave a discount to a friend.
4	I blew up at someone for being confused and because of his irresponsibility and afterwards I felt guilty and that I had no right.
4	When I was 5, a few of my friends and I would light matches for fun. One of my friends confessed to her parents and my parents, I guess, knew or suspected I was involved but I said I knew nothing about it.
4	When I committed the sin of immorality mentioned before.
4	A few days back my mother was not feeling too well and still did all the house work.  I felt guilty as I had not offered to help.
4	[ I have not felt this emotion.]
4	When my pet dog,who was to us a family member, died.  He had been vomitting for the past three days and we had not found the time to call a vet, finally when the vet came it was already too late.
4	In the begining of teenage, on the matters of sex - speaking about sex.
4	[ Never felt the emotion.]
4	A friend of mine got encouragement and I did not, as the supervisor did not like me.
4	I had known the girl for a few months when I proposed to her and this put an end to our friendship, as from then on we started withdrawing from each other.  I liked her very much.
4	When I had promised to do some washing for my mother and I did not do it.  She did it herself despite her being ill.  I felt very guilty.
4	When I was scolded by my dad for bad behaviour.
4	A very, very close friend of mine used to come to my room to      see me and I naver bothered to pay him a visit.  One day he asked me the reason behind this and I gave him a shirt.
4	When my mother found me in her bedroom \stealing\" sugar in her á|bedroom.  According to our customs there comes a stage when a á|child stops using the parents bedroom and I was well past that á|age."
4	When my friends and I were caught with our girlfriends outside the school grounds when I was at the secondary school.  We were caught by the headmaster.
4	A very close friend of mine invited me to spend the holidays with him.  He was very kind, good and understanding.  However it turned out that he had two of his cousins at his place.  He, however gave me everything I needed - even transport money.
4	I was trying to have sex with my best friend's girl but she did not agree to it.
4	After I reluctantly refused to dine with a certain man on the same table.
4	The first time that I \played with myself\" despite being a á|Christian.  I had read in the bible that it was wrong to make á|love to someone one is not married to."
4	When I realized that not all my friends like the comments that I pass in their presence.
4	When my friend ended up pregnant by a gentleman whom I considered to be good and faithful but he ended up neglecting her and not bothering about her.
4	When I told my uncle a false story - that people had stolen the books from my room and I demanded money from him.  When he found out the truth I was in trouble.
4	When I overate at lunch.
4	When I lied to the physiology teacher.
4	I was to take a test and I had not made the necessary preparations until it was too late.  There were two days to go and I still had not done much.
4	When I got very drunk and really misbehaved at Christmas.
4	When I cheated my trusting girlfriend by telling her that I was a qualified doctor and later she found out that I was only a medical student at the preclinical level.
4	When I forgot to cook something that my mother had told me to, and at supper time the food that I was supposed to have prepared was not there.
4	When I beat up my brother so badly, for not having gone to school, that we had to take him to hospital.
4	When I laughed at a lame man walking down the road, it looked funny at the time but later I felt lousy.  It was the same day that I had stolen some coins from my mother in the shop.
4	I encouraged my brother to play football and he was hurt while playing the game.
4	In September 1984 I got two girls pregnant and the families of both the girls confronted me .  The fact was that my parents were around and I felt guilty answering some of the questions.
4	[ I do not remember any event when I felt guilty.]
4	When I could not fulfill my expectations.
4	[ I have not felt this emotion in my life.]
4	When I did not concentrate on my studies despite my mother's help and cooperation.
4	Mentioning a book to the person who borrowed it.
4	I did not do my homework and went to see a film.
4	Telling my parents that I did not get into a good university.
4	I am not good enough to join any team to play sport for the class.
4	Too busy to write letters to friends and they said I had forgotten about them.
4	Broken a friend's cup.
4	Did not pick up a water mellon skin, someone slipped on it.
4	Thinking about other things in a lecture.
4	When the student union leaders were expelled from the university and we continued to study.
4	I broke a cup and put it back without telling anyone about it and someone almost got blamed for it, then it was discovered that it was me who had broken it.
4	Whenever I see poverty and starvation. I live in an affluent society and am privileged to have many opportunities.
4	The night of a high school dance, I went partying and collided with another car. Both cars were totalled; people were injured but not seriously.
4	In neglecting some work that had to be done around the house and telling my roommate I would get it done.
4	After moving out of my apt. I took all the furniture and dishes and everything. It was mine but I took it all just to spite my roomies. We had a few (a lot) of disagreements. I felt guilt for moving out for the bad reasons.
4	Getting a D in a class last semester and knowing it was because I didn't study.
4	I called off a relationship with one girl so I could see another.
4	My mom told me not to gamble, but I did anyway. Sometimes I would even take some money from my parents and brother. She found out and yelled at me.
4	When I was a kid I stole toys from other kids.
4	About not helping my sister when she asked me to help her on her chemistry class. I pretended to be busy.
4	When I did not go to work because I had to study for a midterm.
4	After days or weekends where I did not accomplish the amount of sudying that I wanted to because of more pleasant activities which come up.
4	When I lied last week. I lied to someone to get info. for a paper I was writing. I told her that the info. was for a newspaper article. I was afraid if I told the truth she wouldn't help me.
4	I'm allergic to most foods - eating something that I'm allergic to caused guilt.
4	Forgetting a close friend's birthday.
4	I slammed my little brother into a wall because he was bothering me.
4	When I was about 17 years old and I stole some pens from a stationery store because I didn't have enough money.
4	Having an affair with my good friend's best friend. And every time I see my best friend I feel guilt because we can't tell him.
4	When I copy someone else's problem set.
4	Sleeping through crew practice one Monday morning.
4	I felt guilty when I mislead a person into thinking he was a close friend when that person was more of a casual acquaintance.
4	A person I was attracted to walked me home in the rain and got sick.
4	I forgot my mother's and sister's birthdays (they fall on the same day).
4	When I stole something.
4	I mangled the side of my dad's van on a fence. I did not realize the extent of the damage until he showed it to me the next day. The shock on my face was genuine so a friend interceded with a good excuse which I did not deny. I never clarified the situation.
4	Remembering (at the time I did not feel guilt) in recent yrs. how angry I would get when I was babysitting my new brother and he would not stop crying. I did not do anything harmful or shocking. But I feel guilty for treating him the way I did especially since I adore him now. That's why I spoil him now.
4	I told my parents (or more realistically) would not do what they wanted me to do anymore. I guess I sort of betrayed them after all they had done for me.
4	I was at school and afterwards went to work. After work I went to see a friend and stayed out late. when I got home my mother was awake and I felt guilty.
4	Going out with another girl besides my girlfriend and not telling her.
4	Not noticing my roommates quietness or a sign of discomfort.
4	Lately I've felt guilty because I'm folling behind in my classes and not studying much.
4	Criticizing my mother when she refused to drive with the radio on. I told her that I thought she wasn't intelligent enough to cope with the radio.
4	I was talking to my mom on the phone and she told me that she had just gotten an award that day in front of all these people and she asked me if I wanted her to send me the article in the temple newsletter to me. I said no very quickly and felt guilty for not being more interested and hurting her feelings.
4	Yelled at my parents for not buying me a car like other parents.
4	Getting a friend an open container ticket because I got caught speeding.
4	I forgot about a close relatives's birthday.
4	I dreamed that this girl and I were cuddling in bed when my girlfriend walked in. I really love my girlfriend so I felt guilty and sad. I know that this is a wierd example but the dream and the feeling was clear to me as if it had really happened.
4	Having told a certain lie.
4	I angered a close friend and he was injured.
4	At a party, I started talking to a guy I had seen in one of my classes. My boyfriend felt awkward and left to talk to a friend but kept on looking at me as I talked.
4	When I didn't study for tests in High School. In particular  remember a physics test. I didn't study because my friends talked me out of it and we did something else boring. I felt so helpless just being there - then guilt set in because I was very close to getting an A in the class.
4	I went to go get a bike innertube fixed. I fixed it and I was supposed to pay previously but I didn't. I said I would after I fixed the tire. After fixing the tire, the salesperson who helped me was gone so I walked out of the store without paying. I felt guilty so I went inside and paid for the tire.
4	A close friend of mine was leaving for graduate school out of state. I had arranged to gather some people together the day before he left to be with him and have a good time, but I didn't pay as much attention to him as I should have.
4	I was supposed to have done some things for my mother, but just plain didn't get around to it.
4	I had found out that I was pregnant. I talked it over with my boyfriend and he was unsupportive - yet encouraged an abortion - I did.
4	A friend was going to come stay the weekend with me, but something came up and I cancelled out on him.
4	I was pregnant and thought that by not having the baby I would hurt the father like he did me regardless of the life we had created.
4	I added a little   ?   to a yield in an experiment to get more of a yield.
4	Eating the last remains of dinner that someone else (unknown to me) had claimed.
4	When my grandfather was in a nursing home when I was young I never wanted to go and sometimes didn't have to and later I felt guilty.
4	When I did not defend my close friend when my father degraded him. I felt guilty for allowing my father to get away with his actions and for the hurt my friend felt. I cleared the matter up with my father a few weeks later.
4	I've had three midterms in the past two weeks and I hardly studied for any of them (like 1 or 2 days) I feel guilty that I hadn't studied and I got C's on all of them.
4	When my father's car got stolen from me. (A 1966 Ford Mustang - very hard to replace).
4	Promising to do a task for a friend and just forgetting about it.
4	After yelling at my girlfriend, I felt bad because she was ? crying and upset.
4	After confronting the person who stood me up, I blew up and said all the wrong things.
4	Decided at the last minute not to do something that I said I would do with a person.
4	[ I felt guilt when I was not co-operative with my mother for my exam.]
4	I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
4	When my friend failed an exam by just one mark.  During this exam she had asked me to show her my answer sheet and I had not done it.  When the results came out, I thought that had I shown her my answer sheet she would have passed the exam.  I felt guilty as I had failed her.
4	[ I have never felt this emotion.]
4	I went to the cinema with my friends, without telling my mother about it as I had been to the cinema the day before also.  When she asked me where I had been, I lied.
4	[ I have never felt this emotion.]
4	I had gone to see one of our professors about a book, and I did not  attend the class she took a few minutes later.á
4	I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
4	When my mother scolded me and I argued with her.
4	When I fought with my friends.
4	Once I lied to my parents and this made me feel very guilty.
4	When I was taking the 11th standard exam, my friend who was sitting behind me asked me for some answers.  The teacher looked at us just then and scolded both of us.  Everyone started looking at us and I felt very guilty.
4	In some special circumstances l lied to my parents, then felt guilty so I told them the truth and felt free.
4	One day I went to see a movie without my parents permission.  It was an adult movie and I was scared that my parents would not allow me to see the movie.  However after coming home I felt very guilty at what I had done.
4	While having an argument with my daughter, I got angry and over-excited and said angry words.
4	When I could neither measure up to the expectations of the teacher nor to my own expectations in one of the assignments.
4	[ No response.]
4	I could not take care of my mother when she was admitted to a hospital  for surgery, I continued my studies as I could not get leave.
4	When I do not put in the needed amount of hours of work or study for the day, I feel guilty and try to make up for the lost time.
4	I had enough time to do my assignment, and I did not do it well.  When the lecturer scolded me, I had this feeling.
4	When I could not complete my assignment on time.
4	Once I was not able to give a relative, who was in a critical period, a helping hand.  Whenever I think about it I feel guilty  for letting down the person who trusted me to give him a helping hand.
4	[ The day I have not worked (academic) hard enough.]
4	[ Whenever I do something prohibited or wrong I feel guilty.]
4	My mother misunderstood me and prevented me from doing something.  In return I did not talk to her for a few days, only later on I realized that what she had done had been for my good.
4	I did badly in one of the vital exams, despite getting proper guidance from my parents.  I felt guilty of improper use of the chances provided to me.
4	When an event took place in another's life and which I thought I could have avoided.
4	[ No response.]
4	I was coming back home with my mother when the purse I was carrying got stolen.  It was done so swifty that I did not realize what had happened till much later.  A lot of money and the keys of the house were lost.  I was guilt ridden at my carelessness.  I felt terrible as I do not normally loose things and this was quite important, especially the keys.á
4	When I was responsible for getting my friend run-out in a vital cricket match.
4	I read about the national and social spirit and self-discipline of the people of developed coutries like U.S.A, England, France, Germany etc.  Comparing this to the Indian people I felt guilty as they have no national spirit or self-discipline.
4	One day my mother forced me to eat more and I refused, the next day she served me more rice and mutton pieces than usual.  When I saw this I got very angry and scolded her, and refused to eat.  Later I felt guilty and asked her to excuse me.
4	One of my friends came to know through some other friends that I   had applied for some course in an institute.  He asked me \why á|did not you tell me, I would also have applied.\"  At that I felt á|guilty."
4	When I realized that I was not working hard enough and was not being useful as an individual to the society or the family, guilt at spending money on uncalled for activities - in short wasting my life.
4	At times I have been attracted to conducts which are socially degraded due to their ill consequences, and then I feel guilty.
4	[ No response.]
4	I had promised to send something to a friend and it completely slipped my mind.  I felt guilty for having forgotten.
4	A few days back a friend of mine had asked me to call on him on Sunday.  I had accepted it but later did not go for no specific   reason.  I just slept in my room.  The next day this friend called  me up and told me that he had been expecting me the day before and his wife had prepared a very good lunch for me, which had gone waste.  I felt very bad about this incident and it has been growing in my heart ever since.
4	One day at school I had quarrelled with a school-mate, and ultimately I had hit him hard.  He, being physically weak had to visit his doctor and remain absent from school for two days.
4	At my native place I was riding my cycle, which did not have lights, at night and so a police man caught me.  I requested him to let me go but he would not so after a few minutes I just escaped.
4	[ Never experienced.]
4	During class one day I walked out of the class.  The teacher noticed it and decided that he would take some action against me, when I realized this I approached him and told him that I was sorry for the incident and would not repeat it.
4	A few lies that I had indulged in, a few years ago, while raising loans from my friends.
4	When I got low marks in the final year B.Sc exams, I felt guilty as I had not worked hard because I had been roaming around with my  friends.
4	[ No response.]
4	I felt guilty when I thought that I was still not standing on my own feet.
4	[ Never felt guilty, as I have never done anything which could make me feel guilty.]
4	I was travelling in a bus from school going home for holiday. In the bus unfortunately I stepped on a bag in which there were delicate things.
4	Guilt conscious struck me when I failed my Standard Two Examinations in 1972. I knew that I would suffer the consequences of what I had been doing during class hours: thus playing with friends and sometimes not even going to school.
4	I had been on friendship with a certain girl for sometime and the love was going on well, but it happened that I made the friendship come to an end suddenly without good reasons.
4	I felt guilty when I was robbed of a friend's radio at Lilongwe bus depot after promising that I would keep it safe.
4	When a patient had died soon after I had told the guardian to wait outside the ward.
4	Failed to do what I had promised.
4	Not helping other people to do their homework.
4	Hurt someone's feelings unintentionally.
4	I am not good enough for your experiment I am doing.
4	Forgot to collect post for a friend.
4	Telling friends about your nickname.
4	I felt guilty when I read an advertisement for a job as a chemist in the newspaper and when my friend asked me if I had applied for that job, I told him that I had not even seen the paper of that day.
4	I felt very guilty when I tried to teach swimming to my younger brother, as I myself could not swim very well and my brother had started sinking to the bottom, however my elder brother saved him.
4	Two days after the above incident, I was thinking about my morally shameful act and I felt sorry for that incident, but it was too late, however I did realize this.
4	When I forced a close friend of mine to ask a girl things about herself.
4	[ I can positively say that I have never done anything that made me feel guilty.]
4	I felt very guilty when a student, sitting in front of me in the exam, asked me a few questions and I did not show him the answers,  though I knew them.á
4	When I was bluffing in front of my mother to get more money.
4	My friend had written a letter to me, the contents of which I misunderstood and I wrote back a very harsh letter to her.  On realizing the blunder I had made, I felt like hiding my face in the sand.
4	[ Not applicable.]
4	[ No response.]
4	[ Do not remember any incident.]
4	I felt the emotion when I fought somebody who was drunk and tried to disturb us while we were having meals.
4	One day I took my playmates to the river to swim and play. One of them was epileptic so he drowned into the water. I felt guilty because it was me who took them there.
4	It is some years ago when my mother found me stealing relish in the pot. It was fresh fish which was very appetising.
4	I was once called in court in Zemba Traditional court to answer a charge of impregnanting a young lady, I felt guilty for she had some letters which I used to write her as an exhibit in court.
4	I took Pharmacology books from my friend's desk without permission and I was found guilty.
4	Sometime back I came across a certain man who was badly beaten by some people because he was found raping the wife of the village headman.
4	It was when I discovered that the girl who I had proposed was a friend's girlfriend.
4	This situation happened when my friend me with a knife which I stole from him.
4	I felt guilty when I was given a prize which belonged to someone else.
4	Our Headmaster came to our hostel. The lights were off but there was a lot of noise. We shouted at him when he knocked at our door. We later saw that it was the Headmaster.
4	I felt guilty when I lost K43 for my friend when he was arrested.
4	A certain colleague of mine sent me to buy a bag of flour for him, he gave me K20. Unfortunately I lost it.
4	When I had beaten my auntie.
4	I felt guilty of revealing a secret to my in-law. I told her that my brother and I had gone to disconight which is a thing my brother didn't want to let her know. Later my brother was accused of spending a night out.
4	I felt guilty when one of my secondary teacher left me while I was in Form three, he was the only one who showed love to me.
4	I felt guilty when the truth was known about my impregnating the girl we were staying with.
4	I felt guilty one day when I was accused of running away from classes and I was caught.
4	The time I was at secondary school during the holiday I appeared to my father while heavily drunk and I talked nonsense like in some sort of carefree.
4	NO RESPONSE.
4	I once felt guilty when a certain passenger in the same (ship, plane ?) which I boarded when coming from home lost his 10t which in fact fell into my pocket unknowingly.
4	It was when I injured a friend accidentally with a stone. It made a cut on the cheeks which resulted in suturing.
4	I felt guilty after hearing that my girlfriend with whom I had spent most of my time was pregnant.
4	When I didn't notify someone that he was summoned by a headmaster and as a result he ended being on a heavy punishment.
4	One day I took a packet of sweets from a certain Grocery at Nathenje. Then later on I started to feel guilty and realised that I had done a wrong thing to him.
4	When I scored the third goal to my own side at a football match against William Murray Secondary School and we were badly defeated.
4	It was on January 1st 1985 when I accidentally broke a Fanta bottle in a certain bottle store in Zomba.
4	A child was admitted in hospital with Meningitis. I was asked to do lumber puncture to obtain Celebral Spinal fluid for diagnostic purposes. Since the condition was already bad, the child died as soon as I finished the procedure.
4	When a crawling child got burnt because of my negligence to keep the child away from the fire.
4	I once stole my father's money and denied having done it. Instead father threatened my young brother and he was beaten. He was innocent and I felt guilty.
4	I argued with my father on matters concerning marriage. Traditionally speaking, I was not supposed to, so I felt guilty of violating my traditions which I must hold in esteem.
4	I wrote a bad letter to someone concerning our relationship which we created ourselves.
4	I happened to have met one of my teachers in town during working hours. The badness was I didn't ask for permission to go out and I was guilty-conscious.
4	I hit my cousin badly after she threw away my dresses in a pit-latrine that the little girl fainted.
4	After I had cheated my parents that I had lost my textbooks so they had to send me money.
4	I felt guilt when my friends were punished to slash grass at the gound because of making noise in class. I was in the group of noise-makers but I denied having done any noise.
4	I went to my boyfrien's house. There I found clothes of a certain girl. Without asking whose clothes they were I started tearing them only to realise that they were his sister's and so I felt guilty.
4	I slapped my sister's daughter and after several hours, she had a high temperature and she ended up being admitted in hospital.
4	[ No description.]
4	One time I felt guilty when I told one of my previous boyfriends we were through just because I never felt like having one at that particular time.
4	One day I was chatting with children at home. Then I took a lump of soap and gave to one of them pretending that it was a sweet. I thought the child would realise that it was not. Unfortunately he did not and he put it in his mouth.
4	I felt guilty when I was found to be the chief leader of making noise in class.
4	When I promised to visit my boyfriend and I didn't fulfil the promise.
4	I had spent the weekend visiting relatives and friends and didn't study for Anatomy class on Monday.
4	I was keeping a friend's Library book which went overdue. My friend was charged for the delay in returning the book to the Library. I felt guilty when I realised I was responsible.
4	Before going to school I usually take something to eat right at school and this time I took Father's money without him knowing it. I felt guilty and I returned the money.
4	I felt guilty one day when I stole a slice of bread in a cafeteria.
4	I felt guilty after stealing a cookery book from my colleagues.
4	I felt guilt to have come back from home without seeing my father. When I went home he was at work.
4	I cheated my boyfriend.
4	I was at a boarding school during my primary school days. I was broken so I pretended I was very sick. My father came and he picked me up. He spent a lot of money on medical expenses which all proved to be negative.
4	At one time while at primary school I lost a pencil case of a friend and I didn't mention it to her until after a fortnight.
4	When a patient in the ward died (one who had been under my care). I felt as if I didn't give the appropriate care to the patient.
4	I felt guilty when I tore a photograph I found at my boyfriend's place only to realise that it was his sister who was on the photograph.
4	One day I found an incontinent man in the ward. This patient had a guardian who couldn't give him a bath. So I just left him like that but felt guilty until I went back to give him a bath.
4	My patient died of Anaemia while I was organising blood transfusion for him, so I felt guilty, because I thought that may be I was slow.
4	When I hit my young sister without a valid reason.
4	I felt guilty because I stole some sweets from my father's grocery. When he asked me who stole the sweets I told him it was my brother who stole the sweets and he was scolded.
4	When I insulted my young sister for a very little misconduct of putting on my shoes. She wrote me an apology letter and the message she included made me feel guilty.
4	One day I shouted at my brother who didn't do any wrong to me only that I had a disappointment from a friend and projected it on to him. He cried and I felt guilty after sometime.
4	I felt guilty the other day because I took two pieces of bread instead of one in the Cafeteria and some of the girls were short of bread.
4	I felt guilty when I had refused to lend money to my friend who needed it immediately.
4	I borrowed my friend's radio cassette and the plug cracked and some pieces broke off when the plug dropped off my hands.
4	I was to prepare relish for the family. I overcooked it and no one liked the meal that day.
4	I used to have two boyfriends in the past. Then one of them wanted to get engaged to me. I agreed but was guilt-conscious for disappointing the other one.
4	I felt guilty when I learnt that some of friends found the finished at the Cafeteria because I took food which was more than my share.
4	A person misinterpreted what I had told her. I had told her that I had failed to insert a NasoGastric tube but she went and scolded the patient that she was being uncooperative.
4	I beat my young sister because she refused to wash plates. She started crying and I felt sorry and guilty for what I did.
4	Make a mistake, offended my friend.
4	Did not read reference when other people read them.
4	No ideal result in the University entrance examn, guilty to family and friend.
4	Not handing in homeworks in time.
4	Gave the wrong meal tickets to other people (my classmate).
4	I was not able to help my sister to understand that her husband is a bad man before she was married to him.
4	Passing by a good friend's home without coming in to visit him.
4	My mother wrote me and said that I would not writ enough letters home.
4	Made a misjudgement in a football match.
4	Unable to help my mother to cook.
4	Did not get up early enough to watch my class football team playing against another team.
4	Not being a good host for a friend from a far away place.
4	Being miserable in a party when other people are friendly and happy.
4	Not accepting hints of intimate relation from a girl.
4	Not being able to spend more time with a friend who was visiting me.
4	I am not doing what I should with this questionnaire.
4	Being rude to someone I do not like.
4	A friend asked for help and I was not able to help.
4	Not beeing able to stay with my mother for the National Day holiday.
4	Did not do what I promised to do for a friend.
4	I hated you for not letting me go and found out that it was not your decision.
4	Not being able to convince my class leader that my friend is better than me to go to the English lectures.
4	Losing my temper to my sister.
4	Not being able to help my friend to do homework.
4	Not handing in homework in time.
4	Not doing well in the examn.
4	Could not help a student who needs help.
4	Insulting other people.
4	Not acting on my promise.
4	Forgot to give a present to my little nephew.
4	Falling in love with a close friend.
4	Late for a lecture and therefore missed it.
4	Could not buy a reference book because I got up too late to cue.
4	A friend asked to borrow my notes and I did not give them away (my notes too badly written)
4	Not getting the class paper in time for the lecture.
4	Not finishing homework in time.
4	My friend had trouble and I was not able to help him.
4	Did not return the library book on time.
4	Made a mistake at work.
4	Not finishing homework in time.
4	My sister forgot to bring presents for my birthday, I was rude to her.
4	Some boys told me your nickname is \Little Girl Doctor\", I did á|not tell them off and laughed with them."
4	I kicked the chair in the classroom to express my anger.
4	Some boys talking about nicknames of the lecturers, and I was too afraid of them to stop them.
4	Fight with my mate after a quarrel.
4	Not handing in homeworks in time.
4	Promised to do something for other people and did not do it.
4	Some students have been calling lecturers nicknames and I was not able to find out who they were to stop them.
4	Said something I should not have said in public.
4	I was not able to explain well to my good friend to make him less angry.
4	Finding out that I have misunderstood other people.
4	Not handing in homework in time.
4	Shouting at my parents because I was angry about something else.
4	Not being able to help my friend to study English.
4	Wrongly accused a classmate.
4	Heard that my girl-friend was chosen for the English lectures and I was not. I lost my temper and she is very upset now.
4	Not collecting letters for my friend al I promised.
4	Calling lecturers nicknames when talking to housemen (They told ne you are even younger than they are so you should not be giving public lectures).
4	A friend came to visit me and I was not there.
4	When some housemen told me a young girl like you should not be allowed to lecture to consultants, I was too shy to argue against them.
4	I did not reply to my friend's letter in time.
4	Not getting an airplane ticket fot my mother.
4	Not being able to help my friend.
4	A friend wanted to give me a surprise into my room and I thought she was stealing from the room.
4	My friend did not do well in the examn because I did not help him.
4	I had not done my assignment seriously.  I only pretended to finish the work as the work did not have any meaning for me.  The whole thing made me feel guilty.
4	One saturday night I did some meaningless work and went to bed very late.  Next morning I had was very sleepy so I continued sleeping even though I had work to do and I missed the Sunday service.
4	The results of the mid term examinations were very poor.
4	I cut a friend's hair in anger, without any consideration.
4	I got up late and I could not go to my lessons on time.  When I entered the class room the stare of the teacher and my classmates made me feel guilty.
4	My wrong behaviour made my loved one feel sad and uneasy.
4	Once when I was in the cell group (religious activity) I found that almost everyone in the group read the bible daily and I felt guilty in my heart.
4	That evening when I opened the songbook while I was singing the song \Those were the days\" that guilt feeling became stronger.  á|The lyrics described well - I was really wrong.  The wish that I á|had made was really bad. If she were with me I would really be á|happy and we would play happily together like the days in á|secondary school and she would not be disappointed and gloomy á|because of me."
4	My friend came to the concert for my sake as it was me who had organized it and the concert was unsuccessful.
4	I refused to lend my homework to a friend.
4	One evening I went fishing with some friends but we could not fish as a fisherman had already put his net there.  We pulled out the net to find only crabs in it so we threw the net away.  The net was large and may have cost $1000.  The fisherman used the net to earn a living and we had had thrown it.
4	My younger sister wanted to take classes to learn a musical instrument.  One Saturday morning my mother asked me to go with        her for the registration.  I did not want to go  so I said that there might be many bad people at the club.  As a resullt my sister was scolded by my mother.
4	I made my boyfriend so unhappy and depressed that I feel guilty.
4	When I was fighting with my elder brother I unintentionally hurt   him in the eye with a wooden bar.  I felt guilty and feared that he would be blind, fortunately he recovered after 15 days.
4	I prayed unfaithfully.
4	One day while we were strolling along the road one of my friends suggested that we go and watch a blue film.  I was curious so I went along but I felt quite guilty later.
4	I was cold to my sister without meaning it, just because I was upset and frustated.
4	I had promised myself that I would do one good deed every day.  One night I saw a beggar whose muscles had been atrophyed.  I walked passed him thinking that he was feigning.  Later I realized that he had not been pretending and I had a feeling of guilt as I had not kept my promise.
4	I felt guilty at not having practised the piano.  I waste my teacher's time and guidance.
4	I entered the hostel this year.  My mother was ill and could not move and needed people to look after her.  Every week I left home to go back to school, I felt guilty.
4	I took french leave to do my homework.
4	Saw a blue film in a cinema.
4	While quarreling with my brother I broke the glass door of the cupboard and a china doll.  We were scolded by my father for breaking the door but we did not tell him about the door.
4	Failed to keep an appointment.
4	After masturbation.
4	I said something which was against my conscience.
4	I joked with an unfamiliar friend in an obstinate tone.  I was afraid of his misunderstanding me and being hurt and angry at me.  I felt sorry over my conduct and thought that I had to find an opportunity to apologize.
4	I had fixed a meeting with my classmates and I missed it as I was tired.  Besides everyone at the meeting was a stranger to me and I did not want to make friends with them.  Whatever the reasons - I  felt guilty.
4	While playing basketball I broke a team member's spectacles.  His face was injured by the  pieces of glass.  It was not serious but I felt guilty and blamed myself for being too careless and vigorous in my game.
4	After an exam I was in a very bad mood as I had done it very       badly.  At home, my mother took so long to ask me how things had  gone that I lost my temper.  I overreacted and made my mother cry. She still prepared lunch for me and did not scold me .  Suddenly, I thought that it was my fault and I started crying.  á
4	[ When I break someone's things out of carelessness, or do something  to make others feel unhappy  or hurt the self-esteem / self-confidence  of others, especially if they happen to be friends or family members.]
4	I was so excited once that I told my classmate that she was old, this hurt her and I felt guilty.
4	We always made a lot of noise during a certain lecture.  This may have been because we did not respect the lecturer. Finaly, the lecturer could not tolerate it and he scolded us angrily and pointed out our misbehaviour.
4	Many years back I quarrelled with my younger brother for a small reason.  I used a pole to beat him and nearly broke his arm.  He recovered after a treatment which lasted several months.  After this our relationship was worse and he would not listen to me.
4	Our class had organized a picnic in November.  I was the class representative so I became the organizor.  However the picnic was postponed by one week and I had something else to do then. Initially I did not ponder on what to do and decided to go for the picnic.  When I had the time to think about it I thought that my decision was wrong.  My classmates thought that I would go as I had signed my name but I did not go.  I told another class representative that I was not going but he did not know the reason behind my not going.  After the picnic my classmates asked me why I had not gone to the picnic and everytime someone mentioned it I was apologetic.  I should have decided right in the begining that I would not go and then they would not see me as irresponsible i.e promising to go and changing my mind afterwards.
4	One night,when I was in primary 5 or 6, I felt thirsty so I fetched the thermos to pour a cup of water for myself.  Then I saw my brother lowering his head and I, jokingly, poured the       water on his head.
4	Once I bought my sister a pair of sports shoes as she was going to join an athletic meet.  However the shoes were a little big and had a few flaws.  She muttered all the way and blamed me for having wasted her money anf I felt guilty.
4	When I was in P3 I was always punished as I would forget to do my homework.  The first time that I was punished and not allowed to leave school, I slipped out of school.
4	I promised to join a meeting but did not turn up as I did not want to do the work.
4	When my behaviour was immoral - thinking about sex.
4	I borrowed my classmate's notebook one week before the examination and I promised to give it back to her in two days time.  I was very busy at that time and forgot many things; as I was not very often at home she could not contact me.  When I started my revision I realized that her notebook had been on my desk for five days.  I contacted her immediately and gave it back to her.  Though she did not say anything I felt very guilty.
4	Once, my friend and I went to the Tai 60 to cycle.  My mother had told me not to go.  Unfortunately I broke my pectoral girdle and had to go to hospital.  When my mother  came to see me I felt guilty as I had not listened to her and I had to soon sit for a public examination.
4	I went to a friend's baptism as she became a Christian after me and I realized that she was more enthusiastic about her spiritual life than I was.  When I was with my brothers and sisters of Christ I had a guilty feeling which could not be dismissed easily.  When pepole asked me as to when I would be baptised my guilt feeling deepened.
4	Once I quarrelled with my sister and after this I deliberately messed up her belongings.
4	I wanted to get rid of a bad habit and it seemed that I had succeeded.  However a year later I got the bad habit again.  I felt  useless as I always found excuses to explain my behaviour.  As a result I felt guilty.
4	One night during dinner my nephew was naughty, so I quarrelled with my  parents.   I regreted this as my nephew was only two years old and I  had to tolerate him !  The quarrel made my father think that his children  may not take care of him in the future (it was a slip of the tongue and  this made me realize that my father keeps his thoughts to himself).  I was  still very angry so I dropped my bowl and chopsticks and went to the kitchen  to drink tea and then ran to the other side of the house.
4	At secondary school, one of my classmates lost her locker key.  During a class I saw two other classmates holding a key and talking secretly.  I do not know why I suspected them, also another classmate supported me.  He remembers that these people had only one key in the key-ring, this had seemed strange to him.  Besides another classmate said that he had seen them selling books at a book-shop and they should not have had such books.  I told the teacher and the person was caught.  He had sold the books and was forced to quit school.  I found that I had not helped him as he stole later on also.  I felt guilty
4	I escaped from communicating with God for a long time.  I did not read the scriptures and I did not pray.  I felt that I was getting further and further away from God.  I felt guilty as this was because of my laziness.
4	Once while playing tennis with my classmate I lost a few tennis balls.  I found one near the tennis court and took it to be mine despite thinking that it might belong to the student in the next court.  I felt guilty.  Later someone came to me to claim the ball and I gave it back to him.
4	Peeping.
4	There were old people in a crowded bus and I did not have the courage to give them my seat.  I closed my eyes to sleep and then opened my book to read.  In my heart I wanted to give them the seat.
4	In the past I used to think that my mother was a very nagging person.  When I started living at the hostel we had little time to meet each other.  Whenever I went home she would take care of me.  I gradually realized that what she had done was for my own good.  So very time I saw her I felt guilty.
4	I lied to one of my best friends.
4	I had shouted at my younger brother and he was always afraid when I called out loudly.
2	The stories about my aunt who was beaten and humiliated by my uncle.
2	There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance.
2	A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual abuse.
2	When my parents behave very \witty\" towards me, they make insipid á|jokes about which they laugh. Or my mother who treats me like a á|little child."
2	Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well together, we dislike each other.
2	A friend had a quarrel with the mother of her boyfriend because she and her friend decided to go and live together. She needed money for removal, then she made a great effort to reconcile.
2	I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely away.
2	A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the child was very upset when arriving at home.
2	When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course).
2	My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my parent's place I will remember it for long time.
2	I was looking at a one-man show on television. He told very disgusting things so that I started to be disgusted with it. (Later on it proved that this was his intention).
2	After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself and everything I saw.
2	I heard part of a conversation in which one talked very low about women.
2	I felt disgust after watching a picture on television about torturing political prisoners in India (this happened in the India of Indira Ghandi).
2	I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated inhumanely. For example torturing in chili.
2	A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me.
2	When I ate a rotten apple.
2	I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their animals very badly. They disgusted me.
2	I saw a dog who was eating excrements.
2	Seeing a pornographic movie in which animals were used.
2	I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun. The man was fat and tatooed.
2	When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning after.
2	When I had to finish those big amounts of homework in time.
2	A scene in a film in which one man repressed another one. By concidence, their position was reversed. The other man was repressed in an identical way as he did before.
2	One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The victim was kicked against his head.
2	Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It looked as if she was pregnant, then she died. It is disgusting, I can hardly write it down.
2	When people are eating unsavoury (smacking, belching, speaking with food in their mouth, etc.).
2	When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes I even considered him unlikable.
2	I read a newspaper report that a little boy was forced to look while his sister was raped.
2	I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me.
2	My mother was very angry with my little sister and told her to put her hands on the table in order to beat her hands up. She forced by means of her power.
2	When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard to close friends, even in situations that those friends need them.
2	A few days after I had finished the relationship with my boyfriend, we had a quarrel. Then he hit me. At that moment I found him disgusting.
2	When I saw someone eating live worms.
2	When I see rotten meat.
2	I had a class-mate who was rather stupid.  I did not like him but I respected him.  When he tried to talk to someone, they would not listen to him and I could not bear seeing this.
2	When I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days.
2	I had to change a baby's clothes for the first time.
2	When I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown.
2	When a very dirty class-mate farted in my  presence.  There was a terrible smell.
2	On seeing a scene of an accident in a magazine.
2	Whenever I see an alcoholic.
2	When I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa.
2	When I was a child, one day while playing, I fell up to my waist in mud.
2	When I see people who have no sentiments.
2	A young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man.
2	When I saw a film where a black was rapeing a girl while another one was filming it for a pornographic movie.
2	Some people whom I do not like at all, and one of the reasons is their physical appearance.
2	Pictures of Nazi extermination camps on a T.V program.
2	When I see dead dogs on the road.
2	When I saw a very disagreable scene.
2	When I saw an accident where the man lost his head.
2	When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done and did not do anything to defend me.
2	When I had to dissect a live mouse at school.
2	When I saw several people washing their car with water from a drain.
2	One day I was going through the street door of my house, when a man asked me for a doctor.  He then showed me his genitals and asked me to cure him myself.
2	When after a storm in the country, I left my shelter and saw a big, fat, slimy green toad by my side.
2	When I see pornographic films.
2	On the road there was a dead animal with its entrails showing and its skull crushed.
2	I was in the cafeteria at the university and a class-mate told me that a friend of hers had had all her teeth taken out because of an infection caused by her eating a rat's nail in her hamburger.
2	The sight of vomit on the street.
2	To loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves.
2	The man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me.
2	I read a book whose plot and expressions were obscene and in very bad taste.
2	I saw in an ice-cream kiosque a cockroach walking through a cornet.
2	A TV program on whale-hunting.
2	Some friends and I were having lunch.  Someone said something funny and one of the guys started laughing and spat his food in a girl's face.
2	When I see someone vomitting.
2	During lunch with some classmates, a priest was also there.  He was eating desperately as if someone was going to take his plate away.  He did it with gluttony.  He wiped his hands on his suit several times and it was full of crumbs.
2	They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some awful liquid accumulated at the bottom.
2	Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me.
2	One day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X).
2	When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel, which was full of dirt.
2	A situation of overt unfairness, manipulation of people and its consequences.
2	When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book.
2	The first time I saw a pornographic film, all that in practice is so beautiful but on the screen appered as something mechanical, irrational, disgusting and dehumanizing.
2	My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick him up, cold and glassy eyed, to get rid of the corpse.
2	I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it.
2	When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young prostitute who was not older than 18.
2	I saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film.
2	In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation was disgusting in itself.
2	I visited a place in Morocco where they worked the leather.  I saw the skins emerged in a liquid which ressembled putrification.
2	When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and    his skin came peeling off.
2	The physical appearance of a meal.
2	When I was young, one day in the car we fell sick and ended up vomitting on each other.
2	I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        operation.
2	Seeing a film in which there were several bloody crimes.
2	I found a big, black spider near a bag of food.
2	I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the bathroom on time.
2	When I was walking in a field which had a lot of manure.
2	Finding a hair in the soup.
2	Ever since I have been a child, the sight of any kind of wound.
2	There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was open.  We passed beside it.
2	I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber in my cup.
2	In a film there was a scene in which a rat was sliding on a bed, leaving a trace of blood behind, finally it entered the mouth of one of the actors.
2	I saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants.
2	I found a cockroach crushed between two folders in my bedroom, I called my mother.
2	At the hypocrisy of some of my friends.
2	In a park near our home, a group of young people who were strangely dressed were seated in the middle of the street.  They began to eat while carressing each other.
2	When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self interested, dirty, negative, egoist, bad peolpe,......
2	When I was getting up, I found a live cockroach in my bedroom.
2	I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and vomited.
2	When I saw an insect going up my arm.
2	When a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine.
2	When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut to pieces.  Above all, it was the blood and the confusion which impressed me most.
2	When opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside.
2	The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the driver made the same excuse every day.
2	When we were young, a friend of mine tried to dissect a frog while  we were playing near his home.
2	When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third time.
2	I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late to find some visitors at my place.
2	When someone whom I trusted, disappointed me terribly.
2	When I got  grade \C\" in M160 at the end of my first year at á|UNZA.  I had expected a \"C+\" or a \"B\" as M160 is easy, going by my á|capacity in mathematics."
2	When I was refused a transfer from my school to another, simply because it was far away from my house.
2	When a drunkard, in town yelled at me saying that I was a prostitute.
2	When my mother betrayed me by obtaining money from my husband when we were separated - pending divorce.
2	When I heard of the assassination of the Indian prime-minister, Indira Gandhi.
2	I met my best friend's husband with a prostitute.
2	When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in me.
2	When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends with my boyfriend's other girl.
2	The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.  It was so filthy that it really made me sick.
2	When my father thought that I was an unrelaible son.
2	I stormed into the room, hoping to cool myself with some soft music from my three band radio cassette.  There was only young Kaley there and he explained, \ Your aunt has sold it as she á|wanted to buy clothes.\""
2	This was when I saw, for the first time, a naked woman (prostitute) run away from a house after having been discovered by the guardian.
2	A pig in the well from which we drink.
2	When at school I thought that I was going to get the best results in mathematics, but it was someone else who got the prize.
2	Over an argument.
2	When I failed an exam.
2	When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the promise.
2	One day I went to town to get my grocery.  On my way back, I took a mini bus which was full of drunk students.  I felt very disgusted.
2	When some people, including me, are treated in a way which equates them to an animal or a thing.
2	This happened when I went to visit my friend in Chelston and found him screwing my girlfriend.
2	A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the class during a tough mathematics examination.
2	When I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery.
2	I was disgusted at the university wanting some of us to travel from our homes to the lectures here every day.  The way the whole thing was handled disgusted me.
2	This happened when I could not get into the school I had initially wanted, and ended up doing something I had never thought I would do.
2	When my best friend started getting involved in my private affairs.
2	I saw a friend's husband with another woman.
2	When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would not go to the training school that year but only the year after.
2	I was in a train when a woman started talking loudly and attracting everybody's attention.  The worst thing was that she was discussing something, about which she knew nothing, with another person.
2	When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite my excellent certificate.
2	When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and there was no water to clean up.
2	On Christmas day a drunk man came to our house without a shirt on, he dansed, spoke nonsense and behaved stupidly.
2	The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and explaining and even though I knew all the answers, I could not finish the work.
2	I was disappointed by a girlfriend when I visited her at her home in Woodlands.
2	Someone stole a K10 note and the teacher thought that it was me when I was not responsible for the theft.
2	I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are pregnant illegitimately.
2	When my cousin put feaces in my washing.  A silly idea which was meant to be a joke.
2	The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a dead fly in my gravy.
2	When thieves broke into our house, I was disgusted by their behaviour.  They did not find anything so they broke things like the windows, glasses etc.
2	When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA, even though I registered as a student later.
2	When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima with roast chicken), I felt disgusted.
2	When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train, just off Kafue.  The woman had been cut to bits, there was blood and        splinters of bone every where.
2	When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized how bad it was.
2	My room-mate was drunk, he vomited on the floor and fell face down on the vomit nearly choking himself to death.  Then he fainted and so I called the first aid.
2	When I witnessed an accident.
2	When I learnt that my cousin sister was pregnant.
2	While watching a movie, someone who was drunk started vomiting helplessly.
2	When I was taking my girlfriend out, she seemed to have taken her time.
2	When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes, it was almost a brothel.
2	I feel disgusted at not having got aa \A\" in yesterday's á|practicals of G220."
2	I had prepared a special meal for my boyfriend but when my brother came home he ate it all.  I was really disgusted about it.
2	An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give me a room the next day, but he failed to keep his promise.
2	When I was told that I had no right to control my lover.
2	When I found out that someone close to me was flirting around.
2	When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged, after I had learnt all the lines.
2	I felt disgusted when a fellow student asked me to marry him.  I had not expected this from him as he was a mere friend.
2	When my relatives troubled me so that I would help them financially.
2	Last week a former school (secondary) mate of mine, who is now in a differentt school came to my room here at UNZA in my absence.  He was drunk and he vomited in my room.  I was unhappy.
2	When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the rooms were allotted to first year students who were from \Rucher\" á|and came from influential families."
2	When my friend, after a beer spree vomitted in my sitting room.
2	When I found my girl in bed with another man.
2	When my grandmother came to stay with us permanently as she is a very difficult person to stay with and when she started telling false stories about us to other people.
2	One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat.
2	When I, for the first time, failed a junior exam, i.e form 3.
2	When I went to report a stolen good at the police station, the woman-officer-in-charge was very rude and did not seem to have respect for anyone.
2	When the committee, to which I belong, was accused of having squandered the money of the association.
2	I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she could hardly stand.
2	When I failed the  grade 7 exams.
2	When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall, all the food had gone bad.
2	When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at their place.
2	When a girl said in my back that we were in love, and she had actually refused me.  When I confronted her she started insulting me.
2	When my younger sister visited me during the school holidays and told me that she would not go back to school because she was pregnant.
2	A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying, \I hate that á|course.\"  She just shows off in front of other people."
2	When I found out that the seat in the coach that I had booked had been sold to somebody else.
2	When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in class.
2	I was disgusted at the way the bus conductor threw out an old woman oiut of the mini-bus simply because she could not pay the fare for her luggage.
2	The same as in SHAME.
2	I felt disgusted at my teams poor perfomance prior to league play.
2	I saw someone that I thought I knew repeatedly drunk. I do not like to be around alcoholics.
2	I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was, and how all men should renounce their desires and pleasures to please God. I could never understand how something that brings you joy could be a sin.
2	When I committed a sin mentioned in ANGER. A sin of sexual immorality.
2	A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with both of them, but she does not like this as she is possessive and would like me to be close only to her.
2	A friend of mine remembered me when she needed me and did not even think about me when she did not need me.
2	[ I feel disgust at people lying.  It means that they say one thing to one person and the same thing in another way to another person and this makes people quarrel among themselves.]
2	At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues to complete an assignment.
2	After joining my M.A in Social Sciences, I appeared for the first semester exam.  I failed one of the exams, and when I looked at my results I felt disgusted and then I got angry.
2	My notes were not returned to me, it kept on being procrastinated.
2	One evening when a boy who was drunk made a pass at me by trying to kiss me.
2	When one of my friends started misbehaving.
2	I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend.
2	When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my explanations fell on deaf ears.
2	I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall.
2	I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh !
2	When I failed my first biochemistry test.
2	When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the whole night at a graduation party ceremony.
2	I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I found that the bed had been wet the previous night.
2	When a \friend\" woke me up in the middle of a blessful sleep by á|knocking on the door.  Then he started calling me names and á|saying that he had heard that I had been talking behind his back, this á|was a lie and the guy was drunk to the core."
2	When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid of the foetus by throwing it in the drain.
2	When I was accused of having impregnated someone's daughter, it was the girl's cousin who had done it.
2	When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be thoroughly content with it.
2	When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses he got from the patients.
2	I witnessed a scene in which two women were abusing each other.
2	When I failed the entrance exam of the medical school and was studying biochemistry which has no job prospects in Zambia.
2	When my elder brother failed form five in 1968 when I was 5 years old.
2	When my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister.
2	When my parents insisted that I take up a teaching career.
2	When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a man-hole.
2	When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him obey my parents orders.
2	I once saw an elderly lady who was not properly dressed.  She was wearing a transparent dress, such things are not sopposed to be seen in African society.
2	Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher, Mr Zalu.
2	I felt disgusted when we (family) avoided a problem which could be solved readily.
2	When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.  She behaved life a really selfish person.
2	I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology book to read, and she did not care to give me back the book during the exams.
2	Cueing for bath for a long time.
2	Noisy people in the library.
2	Some students trying to please the lecturer.
2	Saw a dead rat on the street.
2	First anatomy lesson.
2	Dead rat in the kitchen of the university.
2	People talking in an important lecture.
2	When junior doctors returned to work after bunking them.
2	When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour.
2	Seeing a person panhandling money on Telegraph.
2	I felt disgust as a result of one of my midterms - I thought I had prepared well for it, but the end result wasn't what I had expected.
2	Seeing a friend \making love\" to a high school girl. I á|accidentally was dragged into this room where the happenings had á|occurred. I was disgusted at the reality."
2	I was supposed to be studying for my math midterm a few days ago, however, I fooled around with my roommate, and didn't start studying until 12:00 am. I was disgusted with myself.
2	My parents claimed me on their income tax after I had been out of the house for two years receiving no financial support from them. As result I had to work more during school because they were expected by the FAO to contribute to my education when they refuse to do so.
2	I found out that someone that I knew had someone else taking tests for her.
2	When I lose on my bets on anything - baseball, football, basketball, track, craps, poker, or arcade - whether its 5 dollars or 200 I feel that I should never have done it in the first place.
2	Saw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous.
2	When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to arrive.
2	When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that happened to his dog.
2	Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday, Halloween, I dressed up as a doctor and went to work. The volunteer coordinator told me after my shift that it was dangerous to have done what I did.
2	I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest possible application but was denied an interview. I felt disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of minorities makes employing whites lowest priority.
2	A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends embarrassed my sorority house name).
2	When other people refuse to do their house jobs and give the work to someone else.
2	I saw part of a Prince video with him crawling out of a bath tub.
2	Finding out my grades at the end of my Sophomore year.
2	When I was getting so fat.
2	When I study my butt off for a midterm and still get an average grade.
2	Doing poorly on a midterm.
2	When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation in a bad light and always put the team down.
2	Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters in Penthouse.
2	When I found out the CIA was mining Nicaraguan harbors.
2	When I saw President Reagan get elected.
2	When a skunk invaded camp.
2	When my roommate forgets to flush the toilet.
2	Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who was raped.
2	Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came over and checked.
2	After learning on the news about this man who killed more than 300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies.
2	When my roommate came home at 10 in the morning after sleeping with a guy she did not know because she got drunk. (Se has a boyfriend too).
2	I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the people were not advanced.
2	Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the place.
2	I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women and killed men too.
2	When an employer of my younger sister (17 yrs) made a \pass\" at á|her."
2	Robbery mentioned under sadness.
2	This person I know lied about how much income his parents made and received money through grants which he did not need. Another person is barely making it, did not lie, and did not receive enough money.
2	I read in the newspaper about a 21 yr. old woman who was found naked and dead along a roadside. It turned out she had had two relatives 14 and 19 who were kidnapped, raped and killed earlier.
2	NO RESPONSE
2	When one individual takes advantage of and/or injures another relatively defenseless individual, consciously. I feel disgust mingled with anger. A person on my dorm floor verbally assaulted another person for having a certain religious belief.
2	One of my good friends told people something I had told her in confidence about someone else.
2	I vividly remember having feelings of disgust toward some of my jr. high classmates who didn't work at all on their schoolwork and who would coplain and take my tax money when I was older and more successful than they were. At the time I pictured some adults like this that I knew in the complaining situation.
2	When I saw a girl in my economics discussion section smiling and asking stupid questions to the TA. just to get attention. She was obviously ass-kissing. It happens in every Econ. discussion held weekly.
2	I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me. That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used.
2	I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the scouting program. They showed a lack of interest, unrest, and at times just plain rude behavior.
2	My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking and a few of them said awful things about women. I became disgusted by their narrow-mindedness.
2	I didn't do very well on a midterm and I'm disgusted with myself because I was prepared and thought I did well.
2	I thought that the guy I had been associating with for over a year went out 2 or 3 times with a high school girl whom he claimed not to like.
2	I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains.
2	I attended a ceremony in Denmark which is comparable to our Halloween. They build a large bonfire and place a life size dummy of a witch. The crowd cheered when the dummy burst into flames.
2	Now that the 49ers are winners, the fans are coming out of the woodwork and jumping on the bandwagon and that disgusts me.
2	I felt disgusted when I was in a restaurant which didn't appear to be clean and orderly. (I do not like to be in unclean environments).
2	I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as the experimentor, some homosexuals are funny or cute, but this guy was disgusting. Plus the experiment was about gays too.
2	Getting a low grade on my physics midterm.
2	Getting back my math midterm, I received a lower grade than I thought I would get. After going through the questions I felt that the grader had graded harshly and I had made only a few ? errors.
2	When I saw a wino by some cans with Food Stamps and use the change to buy wine.
2	My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to accomplish.
2	An Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs.
2	I trusted a friend of mine, but she lied to me about something and this disgusted me.
2	I felt disgusted while studying for my applied psychology and mental testing papers in B.A.
2	When my parents-in-law scolded me, without any reason, in front of the other members of my family for the first time.  They had called me from my room where I had been studying for my exams.
2	When my husband quarrelled with me for no reason at all.
2	A girl, who is a friend of mine was having an affair with a boy who is also a friend of mine.  I got to know that this girl was also seeing another guy.  Later on, she just broke off with this friend of mine without giving any explanations.  This made him sad and depressed, and I felt disgust for this girl.
2	When people around me did not understand me the right way.
2	When I had exams a relative of ours, who lives in another city,á came to visit us and I felt disgusted at him.
2	When my husband told me about his pre-marital affairs.
2	I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right way, i.e they misunderstand me.
2	I feel disgust at my neighbour, because she comes to our house with her child, who spoils our furniture.
2	When my friend who is close to me got engaged and did not invite me.
2	When a begggar approached me for money, I felt disgusted.
2	I feel disgusted at my cousin, who is bad-mannered, does not know how to behave and talk to others, he does not respect elders and lies all the time.
2	I do not like one of our neighbours as they are very selfish.  Whenever they want something or need help they come to see us,  otherwise they do not even bother about people who live next to them.
2	We had gone to our native village and I went to visit a tribal group which believes in Goddess Kali.  As it was a festival day they had to offer a hen to the Goddess so they cut the head off a hen right in front of my eyes.  I felt disgusted and evenb gave up eating meat after this incident.
2	The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly, cruelly, and unjustly.
2	My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on the treatment or the diet control.
2	I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor error.
2	Despite my being affectionate, sincere, and helpful to close  relatives of mine; they turned around and accused me of being inconsiderate in my relationship with them.
2	When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place, the authorities agreed to have the place cleaned.  Even after 2-3 days nothing had been done.  I felt disgusted at the whole situation.
2	When my friend got very low marks in field work even though he had worked throughout the year, I had this feeling.
2	[ When I see that the toilet is unclean.]
2	When I was in a Christian institution, sometimes the nuns would send back the people who came to visit us when it was not the visiting hours.  This disgusted me.
2	When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his place was, in the absence of his wife.
2	[ I feel disgusted at people who talk negatively about a person without knowing the person well.]
2	One day my colleague misbehaved with me.  I felt disgusted and thought to myself that he could only do this because I was a woman.
2	I was most disgusted when I had to make a nagging three day journey recently from Calcutta to Bombay.  It was very boring and tiring.
2	[ The previous incident holds good here also.]
2	This is an incident that many of us witness in our everyday life in a city like Bombay.  One day I was travelling by bus, three men dragged two fellows out of the bus.  Once outside they were beaten into pulp.  These two fellows, who got beaten, were pick-pockets and they were being beaten by all and sundry.  I thought to myself -\what is life?\".  It is one hell of a place where á|everyone is after someone else.  One waits to cut the throat of á|the other one just for a living, (money).  When I think about á|such things - the purpose of life, etc, I feel very disgusted and á|dejected."
2	We had come back from a programme and we were all (three girls)    staying over at another girls placce.  One of them started passing very nasty and outright bitchy remarks at me.  It was brought on by a male colleague's compliments to me, this girl was herself interested in this guy.  Bitchiness and catty remarks made by women never fail to disgust me.  I can particularly remember this incident as she knew that I had not encouraged the  guy.
2	[ No response.]
2	When I heard that a 14 years old girl had been raped by four rikshaw drivers in our town.
2	My classmate at TISS has the habit of biting his nails and ever since my childhood I have never liked this habit.  This person is near me in class, dining hall and the campus so I suggested that he should stop biting his nails.  However he found it difficult and my disgust feelings have not changed.
2	I once got a phone call stating \one of your friend is in jail, á|please come and see him\".  When I went to the jail and saw him, I á|was disgusted."
2	[ This is an everyday feeling.  Many situational events : causes are unclean and dirty environment, illiteracy, poverty and neglect of human resources, disgust at the lack of perception on the part of us ( educated few) for the lack of drive and drive towards their redemption. ]
2	I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and to be admist the people I love and long to be with.
2	In Punjab, when in the name of religion people killed each other during the agitation.
2	Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete, but to further their own interest.
2	Yesterday, I was just about to cross the road when a country guy who was ahead of me spat out a mouthful of betel juice on the road.  It was very windy and had I not checked my speed I would have had a very good shower of his saliva.  Though I was not angry, I felt that these people were very indecent.
2	When I could not attend the college picnic due to some difficulties.
2	One day, at an important place I met a group of girls and while we were waiting for a bus these girls started smoking and commanded me to smoke; I felt very disgusted.
2	[ Never experienced.]
2	Once when I was studying for my examination, I was asked to do some work which was unavoidable.
2	[ No response.]
2	After my +2, when I did not get admission in B.E I felt disgusted.
2	My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like to do.
2	I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of my fiancee.
2	[ There have been very few instances of disgust, as far as I can remember they are not important or worth mentioning.]
2	Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid, dying in the evening. I was really disgusted because this was the Medical staff's negligence. Had the Clinical officers done something that very morning he might have been alive today.
2	I had experienced odd moments one time when a patient came into the Ward in which I was working. The patient was badly burnt in the right side of her body. I was very nervous at the sight.
2	The first day I visited the hospital I was disgusted because I experienced offensive smell which I never expected. I nearly ran away from the course.
2	When mum had beaten my young sister just because she had received a letter from a boyfriend.
2	The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy, then my cousin, who is 4 years old, came with a muddy pot and made a mess of the whole thing.
2	Bad temper of the serving lady in the students' dining hall.
2	Saw a dirty street.
2	Someone not responding to my criticism.
2	Finding out that old and useless practitioners of retirement age will go to your English lectures and they do not understand English.
2	Saw a real party leader.
2	Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go to your English lectures.
2	Hear people talking at my back.
2	I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch, while playing a cricket match, and we lost the match; though the catch was difficult.
2	[ No response.]
2	When I opted for my research field, for them the percentage of marks was more important than my knowledge.
2	[ When mix was coming from column for several days.]
2	[ Honestly, I have never felt disgust at any situation in my life.]
2	I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the team.
2	When I lost the notes of the lecturer I had borrowed from my friend.
2	There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at his false accusations.
2	A railways officer, when asked by the ticket checker to produce his tickets, got very aggressive and started abusing and using his authority in a very wrong way.
2	When Kanishka was blown up, I really felt disgusted at people killing each other.
2	[ Do not remember any incident.]
2	I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital to visit my relative who was sick.
2	One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I went to see him the following morning, the place was really a mess and was smelling badly. I didn't like it.
2	In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected. Few people could come near him.
2	The time I went to see one of my girlfriends at Area 18 I found that she was not there but in the room she was sleeping, in the same room there were some women visitors with children so the room was smelling very badly with some faeces and urine in it so I didn't stay any longer.
2	I was disgusted with my girlfriend's behaviour. She was going out with other boys who were also my friends.
2	I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker and caused great conflicts with the teachers.
2	The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to her mother hit her sister severely.
2	This situation occurred when I entered into a smelling ward.
2	I felt disgusted when a certain lady spoke words of sarcasm when I was trying to propose to her.
2	I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria.
2	I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing money.
2	When I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden.
2	When I entered the wound intensive care at the Central Hospital in Blantyre which was stinking.
2	I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water without putting on gum boots.
2	I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean the place where the vomit was.
2	A sister broke a cup and when mother asked I was reported to have been responsible.
2	I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky wound which, coming closer, made me feel like vomitting.
2	My first day to work in hospital, when I was dressing wounds I was disgusted when I came across one wound with a very bad smell.
2	It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three weeks and now she was recovering.
2	One of those days when I was going to school with my brother and he annoyed me.
2	A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money on my way home from the college.
2	It was when I drunk urine during my childhood thinking it was water. My friend had urinated in the tin.
2	I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain.
2	When I vomitted a lump of blood.
2	I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on his clothes. I thought he was mad.
2	In ward 2A there was a patient suffering from Syphilitic Paraplegia and had pressure sores. The wounds had offensive smell that only a few people .... the place.
2	In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted.
2	I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I was too young to join elderly people.
2	When somebody made me touch human faeces.
2	One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room. The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that I didn't even dare to enter the room.
2	I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this ability that counts when choosing the winning side.
2	I felt disgust when I received visitors at an odd hour. I was seriously preparing for Examinations, so I did not appreciate their coming.
2	It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt without my knowledge, I hadn't put it on for many days and I was short of clothes.
2	After buying a ticket, I lost it before I reached my destination and the bus Inspector dropped me at a place I didn't know.
2	When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful to him.
2	I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother.
2	My friend promised to take me out for a movie but he didn't turn up.
2	I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good and had a bad smell.
2	I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        operation.
2	I felt disgusted when my cousin decided that she would stop going to school saying she wanted to get married. She was only 14 years by then and she didn't understand what she was thinking.
2	I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing things away because of his anger, after mum had shouted at him.
2	In my village there was this tax collector who used to cheat people and collected more than was wanted, the surplus was for his family and himself.
2	When my fellow classmates were involved in a quarrel.
2	I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T. specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K. and went the same day and we do not have one.
2	I went to a party with my boyfriend who got so drunk and started vomiting. It was so disgusting.
2	I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had done something which I really didn't do.
2	I felt disgusted one day when, as we were eating, a child defecated on the table side.
2	When I was a child I broke plates because I wasn't given food on the grounds of coming home late.
2	I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend was her boyfriend.
2	I saw a septic, smelling wound.
2	One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend and out of jealousy he started calling me names.
2	I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted, she wanted some salt to put in her relish.
2	One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news.
2	Once I offended a friend, instead of her coming to me to ask and discuss the matter she was just telling other people about it and say all she could about me.
2	The carterer refused to give me sugar to add to my tea saying that there was no sugar whilst it was there, so I left the cafe disgusted without taking the tea.
2	When I boarded Yanu Yanu bus I sat near a man who was smoking tobacco.
2	I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but in the end I felt disgusted.
2	When a boy I hated most in our classroom took my T Jersey from my desk and put it on.
2	I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad language but was a very smart looking lady.
2	I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered so we had to put on top of the other bodies.
2	I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her friends.
2	I was forced to go to a party with someone I didn't love and he was telling people that I was his girlfriend.
2	I was told I shouldn't visit my sister because the holiday was short.
2	When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers, I felt it was a disguise according to Malawi culture.
2	I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive matter.
2	Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with money.
2	My father promised to send me pocket money at the month-end since I wanted to buy a new pair of shoes when I was at secondary school, but he didn't.
2	Given duty by the leaders which I do not like to do.
2	Class leader told me to collect homework for him.
2	People not cueing in the college dining room.
2	Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time, and the bus drivers were having a long lunch.
2	Saw my roommate messing up our room.
2	Saw my brother-in-law insulting my sister.
2	The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at studennts.
2	Class leader getting me to do things he did not want to do.
2	A girl I do not like kept coming to me and talking to me.
2	When I was the South Koreans on the TV.
2	Some foreign students playing loud music late at night.
2	A woman picked her nose and spit right next to me.
2	A boy in my class talking too loud in the lecture.
2	Getting into a crowded bus.
2	Cueing in the students dining hall.
2	Doing this pointless questionnaire.
2	Someone I do not like kept talking to me.
2	Some students talking when other people are having a nap.
2	Saw my father with that woman he is married to now.
2	Saw someone messing up our room.
2	Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures, and his English is worse than mine.
2	Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being unsiutable to do medicine.
2	Saw someone spitting in public.
2	Some boys not cueing in the dining hall.
2	Saw some girls dressed up like Americans
2	Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the biology examn.
2	Saw Chinese people flattering foreigners.
2	Girls dressed like foreigners in the university.
2	Finding out that my best friend was deceiving me.
2	Saw people quarreling in a bus.
2	Saw people spitting in public.
2	Someone being arrogant to me.
2	Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he was a good friend of the class leader.
2	Saw a man dressed as a woman.
2	Saw a very arrogant girl walking like a queen.
2	Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked it.
2	Saw someone licking his dining bowl.
2	Saw an arrogant girl walking pass by.
2	Cueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner.
2	Someone I know and respect sexually assulted a girl.
2	Someone had stolen an article from a library journal.
2	My roommate's lack of consideration of me.
2	My roommate boasting about her English lectures.
2	Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do not deserve.
2	Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I am good looking.
2	Saw a mate bribing the leader.
2	Some students whose English is worse than mine can go to your lectures (English lectures).
2	Saw someone acting in a false manner in public.
2	Some students deliberately disobey me as a class leader.
2	Someone acting stupid in public.
2	Being looked at by someone I do not like.
2	Saw a selfish person doing a selfish thing.
2	Some people not cueing in the dining hall.
2	Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was lying.
2	Listening to my roommate boasting about her new clothes.
2	A wurm dropped on my head.
2	My roommate messing up our room.
2	My roommate being nice to a party leader in order to get into the party.
2	Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in Canada.
2	My roommate talking and shaking her bed at night.
2	Some boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes.
2	Finding out some people had been talking about me at my back.
2	Talking to someone I disliked.
2	A relative not acting on her promise.
2	Postgraduate students talking about girls stupid.
2	I had been forced to get together with strange and disgusting classmates.  The things they talked about disgusted me and made me feel ill at ease.  I knew that I would feel unhappy if I stayed there but I was defeated by the social norms.
2	Someone, who was sitting very close to me, was smoknig in the compartment of an air conditioned mini-bus.
2	Because of the examination I had to study night and day.
2	I greeted a friend and he did not respond.
2	I was sitting in the bus and a man with a very unpleasant smell came and sat next to me, to top it all he smoked continously.
2	When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite, I felt disgusted at his reaction.
2	Once when I had started to write a paper, there was a phone call for me.  I had to go downstairs to receive it and after the conversation I discovered that all the information had disappeared from my mind.
2	Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I regreted having joined that project.
2	When I dined with my new friends, one of them kept reminding us that he was superior.
2	During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting !
2	One day when I was sitting in a not very crowded bus, a middle  aged woman was standing beside me.  The person sitting next to me got up to get off and this woman pushed me and occupied the seat.  Then she took off her shoes and put her feet on the seat.
2	I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus, I found a seat on which a university student was sitting on one side and he had put his bag and files next to him.  There was very little space left and I sat down while he kept on reading.  Even when I leaned on him he did not put his bag away.  He did not respond and I felt very angry.
2	In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.   Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting.
2	I felt disgusted on seeing my boyfriend after our separation.  One day he was begging at the mass transit railway station and at that moment I hated him.
2	I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we, the instructors would have a meeting the advisor would be present.  He did not understand our worknig conditions but talked a lot and had a lot of outdated ideas.  Whenever we disagreed with him he was very discontent and said that we had a prejudice against him.  Why did he have to treat us as his subordinates ?
2	My girlfriend lost her temper without any reason and she did not consider or respect my feelings.
2	I hate the behaviour of my so called friends, they use bad language, spit, boast and treat the youngsters badly.
2	When I was a teacher in an evening school, a girl raised a lot of questions and expressed her opinions.  She, very often, took a stand which was different from mine and she thought that it was better than mine.  Her opinions were helpful academically, but  she did not take into consideration my position in public.  Also she seemed to be very talkative and so she disgusted me.
2	When I was travelling to school by bus, I went past a place where a sewer had been repaired.  There was a bad strong smell which suffocated me and I wanted to leave the place immediately.
2	At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is disgusting.
2	When I was giving private tutorials to my student; he would not concentrate and was lazy.  He had not done the home work that I  had assigned and his academic level was very low.  It was a nuisance.
2	When I was studying and someone disturbed me.
2	Our neighbour came and gossiped, about others, with my parents.
2	During a recent meeting, Mr. A showed his excitement and overindulged in the notes delivered.  Though his curiosity could not be blamed, his way of accquiring knowledge was an extreme behaviour e.g he always tried to know what I was reading and gained everything he could.
2	When the summer holiday job was almost over.
2	The behaviour of people spitting everywhere.
2	It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the market and I had to stand there to wait for people.
2	In a study group, a person always liked to argue on some unimportant, irrelevant and minor points.  He tried to persuade    others in an unfriendly way.  He was obstinate and would not accept  other's point of view.
2	My classmate got a \B\" for his homework while I only got a \"C\".  á|When we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this á|grade.  I found that his humility was hypocritical and I found it á|disgusting."
2	A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were impolite to the passengers of the bus.
2	A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried to make me talk to him and disturbed me.
2	When I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor.
2	Once while studying for my exam I found so many complicated words that it disgusted me.
2	[ I would classify subjectively, a certain gesture or the way of talking of a person as disgusting or inacceptable.]
2	I used to play with a group of classmates and I found out later that they were cheap in thought, behaviour and conduct - they would smoke, fight and speak foul language.  I thought that they destroyed the image of college students.
2	When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were disturbing others.
2	My boyfriend and I did not have any contact with each other during  the Summer holidays.  I met him the day of the registration and looked  through him.  In the canteen he asked me if I wanted to have a drink and  I said no as I did not want him to do me a favour.
2	A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very disgusting.
2	My mother was always fastidious about my room, bed time, etc.  She treated us strictly and punished us physically.   These things were intolerable.
2	Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now I find that this classmate is very disgusting.
2	I made friends with a classmate whose behaviour I did not like - he tried to flatter other people and did not respect me.
2	I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our community and so I had many opportunities to contact the government and the committee members of the district board (a local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and discuss with them, but we found that such people did not understand community affairs and they even dampened our enthusiasm in local affairs.  I did not understand why they had decided to work as community leaders.
2	A few days back, I walked on a heap of faeces while walking on the road.  I got goose flesh because of this.
2	During these Summer vacations a schoolmate who was not in my class went to Britain.  Before he left, his classmates and some of us who were accquainted with him had a B.B.Q on the beach.  When I arrived I saw that some people , who were not close friends of the departing person(person A), were playing mahjong.  Some others were playing bridge and A had nothing to do, besides it was A who had prepared the food.  Later when we wanted to talk and his classmates did not even have the decency to listen to him.  They only asked him a few questions half-heartedly and then they talked on their own.  Some of their conversation was against me and  another classmate.
2	A few days back I was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.  Before getting into the bus I had prepared the exact amount of coins to pay for the bus fair and when I got into the bus I put these coins into the box meant to collect the bus fair.  I thought that I had paid and wanted to get inside.  However the bus driver called me and asked me in an impolite way if the coins were stuck at the opening  of the box.  He had not seen me paying and there wasn't a stack of coins in the box.  I could not understand this and the driver kept questioning me.  He made me feel angry and at last i inserted a dollar coin in the box just to get away from him.  Later I found that I had forgotten a few coins in my pocket and had not paid enough for the fair the first time.  After I had entered the bus I could still hear him scolding me and I felt disgusted.
2	I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help rejecting, criticizing and blaming him.  I wanted to get away from him as soon as possible.
2	A friend told me that a boy wanted to get to know me.  At that time I felt disgusted and thought that it was a nonsense thing.
2	My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth.  One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His behaviour disgusted me.
2	When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted.
2	Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me but I did not love/like her.
2	The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy.  I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions during class.  The students were not ready to answer the questions and the teacher was frustated.
2	A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did not dare to speak out.
2	At hostel, my roommate was a very selfish person and would avoid doing anyhting that did not concern him.  A few of us prepared lunch together and had decided to share the work.  My roomate had promised to do the same but I had to wash the bowls everytime after dinner.  I tried to wait and thought that he would realize his fault.  I did not want to tell him to do the work as he is a university student and ought to have self-respect.  He disappointed me and so every time I saw him I tried to avoid him and did not want to keep any contact with him.
2	My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell him that I did not like to listen to the songs, as I had no right to disturb the freedom of others.  So I would find a pretext to leave the room and go somewhere else.
2	I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit and bring the germs in the house.
2	Bad week for connectivity...Arlington Panera wifi sucks. Maybe head to Legal Seafoods at airport. Dang...missing Metaverse U stream.
2	Very bored. All day, no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses). Hols almost over,  don't wanna go back 2 skool.
2	is stuck in traffic
2	Man i am being boring today not tweeting  How are you guys?
2	bored , cleanin the house
2	ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, &amp; no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?
2	oh no, i need new work shoes...i broke this one!
2	@ericmaglio1 i have no phone  whatchu doing tonight sucka. no dane cook she sold the tickets. lamee.
2	is tired. 04:30 alarm setting will do that  Off to bed as soon as my bloody iPhone Backup and Sync finishes.
2	even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream..
2	Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable...
2	@thefunkyfairy hiya, hows your week been?? just tried to DM you but your not following!  x
2	@themabster not if you have to be to work at six...
2	@edie22 What's wrong with Dr.Phil? I shamefully loved his show when I was able to watch it.
2	@hughsbeautiful beast I have had enough
2	Mikey I'm bored
2	Dead stopped in the express lane. This would happen when I choose to take it. No way out now. Ugh. Hopefully this gets moving
2	@savingtime buuuut its so annoying!!  okay *breathes* x.
2	have to go meet tims entiiiiire family in an hour, this should be different.. finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still
2	Ahhhhh processing shipment  sooooooo much!!!!!
2	Going crazy  super head ach from hell and my the in laws have ben here since 9 this morning. ahhhh
2	my brother left me for the day now I am here by myself
2	Facebook won't load for me.  Damn it, I'm bored.
2	TGIF... Hubby dragged me out to buy car parts. I am tired n cranky
2	J Ross you can't leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not
2	@grooveybianca12 nah jkin he's hot! so... bored now
2	@dmafiax thanks ALOT, stuck at work with it too
2	my neighbours are far too loud in thier back garden, all I can hear is this loud woman that won't stop laughing
2	We are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes
2	@jambomb oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a saturday
2	tired as fuck. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer
2	is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead.
2	Just got home from the BEA &amp; it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some GREAT authors &amp; co-workers!
2	bored fixed the internet for my dad but now im bored to death
2	longest flight EVER. not particularly unpleasant or uncomfortable, just really really long
2	waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored.
2	@xx_Megan_xx Same! Like the kisses on nights when she wasnt up for eviction! They were very badly edited
2	ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat
2	Is still stuck in the office working!
2	Just started feeling bad again  ugh. I hate it when I don't feel good!!
2	Cleaning the House! Im so boring..
2	Not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn.
2	I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing.
2	aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her.
2	got new sneaks today..can't wait to break them in..stupid rain
2	I need to go ouuut. I'm so bored.
2	@Candyland3 thats terrible.
2	Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap
2	1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out.
2	@DanielFielding i tried listenin to music 4 half an hour! Tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake!
2	#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean
2	@TrafficMike irregularly. And Im (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly I really mean not at all. Words not even open
2	@aussiecynic Watching you work is exhausing. Just thinking about it is making  me sleepy
2	doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics
2	#com125: we have a quiz! again .. Feliza is bugging us again  its getting very annoying!
2	HEY YOU' ALL SUCK;its anybody on there :s im so bored common answear me
2	counting the minutes until I can go home
2	Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week
2	reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell.
2	@thebirdmachine: About 1pm.  Squeaking?! Hell squeaking?! D:
2	@LostinSweden too bad I don't drink  But Kentucky is cool tho.All my friends lived in Cincy and I was driving across existance every wknd.
2	Good Morning twitters!!! I am soooo tired...I really need 2 stay off of twitter...LOL this shit is taking over my life...LOL
2	I'm SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 12:30 to 9:30 today in Tool Rental... Oh the Joy!!
2	@GregInsco thats another sponsor
2	i have been in the lounge for HOURS...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out
2	I'm my mom's company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms
2	@onamatepiya piyaaa! hi. :] im hyper &amp; im bored &amp; im online &amp; im going to find pictures for the noteboook.  still cant send messages. grr.
2	Nothing to do. Just sitting here. I can see Mrs. P and her husband
2	@jodimariethomas hey Jodi.. what's up??ugg.. im bored.. i just made a sundae.. c u monday.. ( hahaha it rymed...) loll. cu in school
2	should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but im a shit cook lol xx
2	Time to get off the puter. Nite all.
2	@RaceSpeed You are so welcome!!!  Keep 'em coming!
2	Listening to maylene and wondering why cant I pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them
2	Nothing relaxing on a Saturday night!
2	@heatedskates That may be, I still don't like hearing his name so much.   #blackhawks #canucks
2	@PurpleFoodie yeah...I hope it turns out... 20 more minutes!
2	@rhixz16 nothing much, juss really bored! hbu?
2	I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling, need to fall into bed. Night, night, tweople!
2	(@Pina) i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
2	@DanniPandemos ok .... Here 409 is a cleaning soln .... Blah.... Over and out
2	today was boring...harry potter ftw
2	Prom is so over rated!! Irritated... Going to bed goodnight
2	1:36 AM screw it im going to bed... one love
2	Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why
2	@carlysmum lol takes some getting use to  Just replying to your email. Power keeps cutting out here :S
2	@lovely_sara I'm sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why
2	@astrylnaut yeah talking to you was too boring
2	just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner
2	@ncreations MBB has been cryopreserved. May return in the future...
2	"You must not speak to me," said the garter; "I do not think I have given you any encouragement to do so."
2	"Don't come so near me," said the garter; "I am not accustomed to it."
2	You are burning a hole in me.
2	Ugh!
2	"You old rag," said the flat-iron, driving proudly over the collar, for she fancied herself a steam-engine, which rolls over the railway and draws carriages.
2	"You old rag!" said she.
2	The latter has neither hens nor chicks, and only thinks of himself and perspires verdigris.
2	"It was a little rough- it wanted elegance."
2	"I am too fine for this world," said the darning-needle, as she lay in the gutter; "but I know who I am, and that is always some comfort."
2	"She has no feelers," said another.
2	"Her waist is quite slim.
2	Pooh! she is like a human being."
2	"Oh! she is ugly," said all the lady cockchafers, although Tiny was very pretty.
2	Then the cockchafer who had run away with her, believed all the others when they said she was ugly, and would have nothing more to say to her, and told her she might go where she liked.
2	But Tiny did not feel at all interested about this neighbor, for he was a mole.
2	"Nonsense," replied the field-mouse.
2	You ought to be very thankful for such good fortune."
2	"You know nothing at all," replied the yard-dog; "but then, you've only lately been patched up.
2	"Well, they belong to the same master," retorted the yard-dog.
2	"Certainly people who were only born yesterday know very little.
2	I can see that in you.
2	Then he called one of his lords-in-waiting, who was so high-bred, that when any in an inferior rank to himself spoke to him, or asked him a question, he would answer, "Pooh," which means nothing.
2	Already a new emperor had been chosen and the people who stood in the street asked the lord-in-waiting how the old emperor was; but he only said, "Pooh!" and shook his head.
2	"Well, well," he said; and with that he walked out of the room.
2	"That is all very well, but such tales or stories are worth nothing!
2	"Why do the flowers look so faded to-day?" she asked again, and pointed to her nosegay, which was quite withered.
2	Then the old steward says, 'I smell flowers here,' but he cannot see them."
2	"How can anyone put such notions into a child's head?" said a tiresome lawyer, who had come to pay a visit, and sat on the sofa.
2	He did not like the student, and would grumble when he saw him cutting out droll or amusing pictures.
2	But the lawyer did not like such jokes, and he would say as he had just said, "How can anyone put such nonsense into a child's head! what absurd fancies there are!"
2	"You are the right sort to dance with, certainly," said she, turning her back upon him.
2	The neighbors declared it was unbearable, and the Fire-drum was of the same opinion.
2	"She's good for nothing.
2	What a sad thing it is with these people.
2	Tell your mother she ought to be ashamed of herself.
2	Don't you become a drunkard, but I expect you will though.
2	Poor child! there, go now."
2	Well, perhaps he is right, but he should not have said it to my child.
2	"Oh, it is the laundress," said he; "she has had a little drop too much.
2	She is good for nothing.
2	It is a sad thing for her pretty little son.
2	I like the boy very well; but the mother is good for nothing."
2	"She has drunk herself to death," said the cruel mayor.
2	"There was something between my brother and her, I remember," said the mayor; "it is a good thing that she is out of the way, for now the boy will have the whole.
2	The mayor sent for the boy to come to him, and promised to take care of him, but most cruelly added that it was a good thing that his mother was dead, for "she was good for nothing."
2	For a moment, Alfred's respect for Kaela's mamma underwent a sudden shock, and lessened considerably; but, dazzled by the light which surrounded Kaela, he soon found it quite natural that the old lady should have no eye for color.
2	They felt the want of a change of air, and consequently the young couple and their mother travelled to Italy.
2	"There is no real pleasure in travelling," said mamma; "to tell the truth, it's very wearisome; I beg pardon for saying so.
2	I was soon very tired of it, although I had my children with me; and, besides, it's very expensive work travelling, very expensive.
2	And all those galleries one is expected to see, and the quantity of things you are obliged to run after!
2	It must be done, for very shame; you are sure to be asked when you come back if you have seen everything, and will most likely be told that you've omitted to see what was best worth seeing of all.
2	I got tired at last of those endless Madonnas; I began to think I was turning into a Madonna myself."
2	"And then the living, mamma," said Kaela.
2	"Yes, indeed," she replied, "no such a thing as a respectable meat soup- their cookery is miserable stuff."
2	"He's gone to the very extreme," said mamma-in-law; "he has gone from the most beautiful to the ugliest, and he has forgotten his first wife.
2	Men have no constancy.
2	"That was not a loving speech," said Sophy, "nor spoken like a Christian.
2	He is like one of the family, faithful and grumpy; but the latter is my grandchildren's fault, for they have teased him; they play at wedding, and want to give him the part of the bridesmaid, and that's too much for him, poor old fellow."
2	"I am accustomed to better things," said the beetle.
2	Why, there is not even a dung-heap."
2	I have come out of the Emperor's stable, and no one there, not even the Emperor's horse, who, in fact, wears my cast-off golden shoes, has any idea of flying, excepting myself.
2	To have wings and fly! why, I can do that already;" and so saying, he spread his wings and flew away.
2	"I don't want to be disgusted," he said to himself, "and yet I can't help it."
2	Is there not even a dunghill here in this garden, where a person of rank, like myself, could take up his abode and feel at home?"
2	"Oh," said the other beetles, "this fellow that we have received into our family is nothing but a complete vagabond.
2	He has gone away and left his wife a burden upon our hands."
2	Our beetle considered this speech a great insult, so he flew suddenly out of the speaker's hand.
2	"Well, now I know the world," said the beetle to himself; "it's an abominable world; I'm the only respectable person in it.
2	First, they refuse me my golden shoes; then I have to lie on damp linen, and to stand in a draught; and to crown all, they fasten a wife upon me.
2	The world does not deserve to be made acquainted with my adventures, for it ought to have given me golden shoes when the emperor's horse was shod, and I stretched out my feet to be shod, too.
2	A farmer had a horse that had been an excellent faithful servant to him: but he was now grown too old to work; so the farmer would give him nothing more to eat, and said, "I want you no longer, so take yourself off out of my stable; I shall not take you back again until you are stronger than a lion."
2	Then he opened the door and turned him adrift.
2	Then she went to Gretel, shook her till she awoke, and cried: "Get up, lazy thing, fetch some water, and cook something good for your brother, he is in the stable outside, and is to be made fat.
2	But the princes, peers, and great men mocked at him.
2	"Out with you, you idle, good-for-nothing creatures!" cried they; "we cannot find food for you any longer; you are big enough, and can provide for yourselves."
2	But when the proud princess perceived that he was not her equal in birth, she scorned him, and required him first to perform another task.
2	Then said Hans to the little mannikin, "What! canst thou not pick up that piece thyself?
2	If thou wilt not take as much trouble as that for thy daily bread, thou dost not deserve to have it."
2	The Virgin Mary has forbidden it, and it might easily cause thy unhappiness."
2	She must be judged," and the King was no longer able to restrain his councillors.
2	Then the rich man looked at the traveler from head to foot, and as the Lord was wearing common clothes, and did not look like one who had much money in his pocket, he shook his head, and said, "No, I cannot take you in, my rooms are full of herbs and seeds; and if I were to lodge everyone who knocked at my door, I might very soon go begging myself.
2	That traveler came to our house too, and wanted to sleep here, and I sent him away."
2	"No, no, thou art not my son; and thou canst not plough go away!"
2	When he entered the yard, his mother did not recognize him, and asked, "Who is that horrible tall man?"
2	She said, "No that cannot be our son, we never had such a tall one, ours was a little thing."
2	She called to him, "Go away, we do not want thee!"
2	The son snapped this also in twain against his knees, threw it away, and said, "Father, this can be of no use to me, you must harness more horses, and bring a stronger staff."
2	When the son took it in his hand, he broke off a bit from the top of it also, and said, "Father, I see that you will not be able to procure me any such staff as I want, I will remain no longer with you."
2	Then the enchantress allowed her anger to be softened, and said to him: "If the case be as you say, I will allow you to take away with you as much rampion as you will, only I make one condition, you must give me the child which your wife will bring into the world; it shall be well treated, and I will care for it like a mother."
2	"No," answered the man, "I will neither eat not drink."
2	Thereupon he went away, and when he returned next day she had not done it, and said: "Why should I shed the blood of an innocent boy who has never harmed anyone?"
2	"Who knows," said she, "from whence the creature who can"t speak, comes?
2	She is not worthy of a king!"
2	The third of the boys was, however, the drudge, who was looked on as foolish by the others; they begrudged the mill to him, and afterwards he would not have it.
2	Then they laughed and said, "Indeed, stupid Hans, where wilt thou get a horse?"
2	Hans went into the parlour, but the miller said he should not sit down to table, for he was so ragged and torn, that they would all be ashamed of him if any one came in.
2	"You simpleton," said the eldest, "you are always afraid; have you forgotten how many kings" sons have already watched in vain?
2	"You silly creature!" said the eldest, "it is nothing but a nail in the wall."
2	I hate cow-beef; it is not tender enough for me.
2	Thou hast been light-fingered and hast snipped folks" clothes away.
2	Thou wilt not get into heaven.
2	No one shall give punishment here, but I alone, the Lord."
2	The woman became bitterly unkind to her step-daughter, and day by day did her best to treat her still worse.
2	She was also envious because her step-daughter was beautiful and lovable, and her own daughter ugly and repulsive.
2	Then she gave her a little piece of hard bread, and said, "This will last thee the day," and thought, "Thou wilt die of cold and hunger outside, and wilt never be seen again by me."
2	"Give us some of it," cried the little men; but she replied, "There is not enough for myself, so how can I give it away to other people?"
2	Sweep for yourselves," she answered, "I am not your servant."
2	The first said, "I grant that she may grow uglier every day."
2	The second said, "I grant that at every word she says, a toad shall spring out of her mouth."
2	The third said, "I grant that she may die a miserable death."
2	When Gambling Hansel came, however, he pretended that the money had fallen into the gutter, and kept raking about in it all the while to find it, but our Lord already knew that he had lost it in play.
2	Upon this St. Peter said to the Lord, "Lord, this thing must not go on, he will win, and thou lose, the whole world.
2	So St. Peter said to the Lord, "Lord, this thing must not go on.
2	"Ah, we will have nothing to do with him!
2	Begone!"
2	So again St. Peter said, "Lord, this thing cannot go on, we must let him in, or he will throw us down from Heaven."
2	Therefore St. Peter once more said, "Lord, this cannot go on, we must throw him down, or he will make all Heaven rebellious."
2	My repugnance to his magic arts was, however, so great, that I vouchsafed him no answer.
2	Her own daughter, who was ugly as night, and had only one eye, grumbled at her and said, "A Queen! that ought to have been my luck."
2	Then the king said to the young princess, "As you have given your word you must keep it; so go and let him in."
2	And now the old cook herself got on her legs, and went with the three servants in pursuit of the children.
2	His son and his son"s wife were disgusted at this, so the old grandfather at last had to sit in the corner behind the stove, and they gave him his food in an earthenware bowl, and not even enough of it.
2	"Very well," said she; and they set out: and as Frederick walked the fastest, he left his wife some way behind.
2	A great king of a land far away in the East had a daughter who was very beautiful, but so proud, and haughty, and conceited, that none of the princes who came to ask her in marriage was good enough for her, and she only made sport of them.
2	The first was too fat: "He"s as round as a tub," said she.
2	The next was too short: "What a dumpling!" said she.
2	The fourth was too pale, and she called him "Wallface."
2	The fifth was too red, so she called him "Coxcomb."
2	The sixth was not straight enough; so she said he was like a green stick, that had been laid to dry over a baker"s oven.
2	And thus she had some joke to crack upon every one: but she laughed more than all at a good king who was there.
2	"Look at him," said she; "his beard is like an old mop; he shall be called Grisly-beard."
2	Her own child, whose head she had cut off, bathed in her blood.
2	"What does the good-for-nothing want in the parlour?" said they; "they who would eat bread should first earn it; away with the kitchen-maid!"
2	Then they took away her fine clothes, and gave her an old grey frock to put on, and laughed at her, and turned her into the kitchen.
2	"You, Ashputtel!" said she; "you who have nothing to wear, no clothes at all, and who cannot even dance--you want to go to the ball?
2	But her mother said, "It is all of no use, you cannot go; you have no clothes, and cannot dance, and you would only put us to shame": and off she went with her two daughters to the ball.
2	So the silly girl cut off her great toe, and thus squeezed on the shoe, and went to the king"s son.
2	So he turned his horse round, and brought the false bride back to her home, and said, "This is not the right bride; let the other sister try and put on the slipper."
2	But her mother squeezed it in till the blood came, and took her to the king"s son: and he set her as his bride by his side on his horse, and rode away with her.
2	"This is not the true bride," said he to the father; "have you no other daughters?"
2	"No," said he; "there is only a little dirty Ashputtel here, the child of my first wife; I am sure she cannot be the bride."
2	But the mother said, "No, no, she is much too dirty; she will not dare to show herself."
2	Then their brother, who was a little insignificant dwarf, went out to seek for his brothers: but when he had found them they only laughed at him, to think that he, who was so young and simple, should try to travel through the world, when they, who were so much wiser, had been unable to get on.
2	But the little dwarf said, "Let the poor things enjoy themselves, I will not suffer you to trouble them."
2	But the dwarf said, "Let the poor things enjoy themselves, you shall not kill them."
2	But the dwarf held them back, and said, "Let the pretty insects enjoy themselves, I cannot let you burn them."
2	But the king said, "That is not true; it was better done than you could do it."
2	The fox, full of all kinds of arrogance, looked at the cat from head to foot, and for a long time did not know whether he would give any answer or not.
2	What have you learnt?
2	When he learnt the wickedness of his daughter he said, "I cannot believe that she has behaved so ill, but the truth will soon come to light," and bade both go into a secret chamber and keep themselves hidden from every one.
2	The King said, "There is no mercy.
2	He was ready to die with thee and restored thee to life again, but thou hast murdered him in his sleep, and shalt receive the reward that thou deservest."
2	Everything went right for a week or two, and then Dame Ilsabill said, "Husband, there is not near room enough for us in this cottage; the courtyard and the garden are a great deal too small; I should like to have a large stone castle to live in: go to the fish again and tell him to give us a castle."
2	"To thy death art thou sped, Until God"s word be said.
2	"To thy death art thou sped Until God"s word be said.
2	Rest there in peace, till thou art a wiser man than thou wert."
2	But the lazy girl answered, "Do you think I am going to dirty my hands for you?" and walked on.
2	But she only answered, "A nice thing to ask me to do, one of the apples might fall on my head," and passed on.
2	Worse still, she neglected to make the old woman"s bed properly, and forgot to shake it so that the feathers might fly about.
2	"That is in return for your services," said the old woman, and she shut the gate.
2	Your dirty daughter"s come back to you."
2	He felt his face, but it was cold as ice.
2	You had better say nothing about this to our father, for he does not believe a word you say; and if you tell tales, you shall lose your life into the bargain: but be quiet, and we will let you off."
2	When they could see to the bottom there lay a wild man whose body was brown like rusty iron, and whose hair hung over his face down to his knees.
2	If a wooer came she gave him some riddle to guess, and if he could not find it out, he was sent contemptuously away.
2	Then the two others said to him, "Just stay at home; thou canst not do much with thy little bit of understanding."
2	"Eh!" thought he, "what a stupid blockhead I am!
2	I cannot even crack a nut!" and then he said to the tailor, "Here, crack me the nuts."
2	Then there was the American sprinter Jesse Owens , who swept to victory in the Berlin Olympic Games of 1936 , much to the disgruntlement of Hitler .
2	He 'd play her along until she got fed-up and started making too many demands .
2	They can be happy and cheerful but they can also get fed-up , frustrated , angry , disappointed and hurt inside -- just like real people .
2	Now fed-up locals want the name of their quiet cul-de-sac in Studley , Warwickshire , changed -- unless BBC chiefs drop the flop of a show first .
2	A RUSTY old gasometer which fed-up local residents want demolished because ` it 's a blot on the landscape " has been compared to some of Italy 's most beautiful buildings .
2	What a visiting Londoner sees as the soaring grandeur of New York , a fed-up New Yorker sees as sunlight deprivation .
2	Now fed-up councillors are planning to meet officials from the Re-Roof Housing Association .
2	Now the special envoy of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees , Jose-Maria Mendiluce , says he is revolted to hear those words from Mr Boban .
2	`` I am outraged and revolted by the decision of my supervisors .
2	`` A lot of people , they 're absolutely revolted by the fact that these evil , depraved IRA godfathers can recruit impressionable young Irish people into ( committing ) appalling acts of violence . ''
2	Evreux 's Communist mayor , Roland Plaisance , said he was `` revolted '' by the firing and praised Gaillot 's commitment to `` staying close to the poor and the excluded . ''
2	One of Greece 's largest hunting clubs , located in the northern port city of Salonica , said in an announcement that it was `` revolted '' by the dog fights .
2	I am sickened to now learn that the Government has acquiesced to the other EC leaders on this issue at the Edinburgh Summit and that , for the sake of subsidiarity , this directive has been dropped .
2	Os Guinness has captured this middle-class revulsion against materialism and affluent decadence in his best-selling book The Dust of Death ( 1973 ) .
2	In many schools in the 1960s a revulsion against decontextualised exercises brought about a complete abandonment of the teaching of grammar .
2	` What we are seeing now is a public revulsion against violence in society which is feeding through to a desire for greater sensitivity by programme makers , " he said .
2	Even in the 1930s the anti-Semitism of literary figures like Hilaire Belloc and G. K. Chesterton co-existed uneasily with their revulsion at the racial policies of the new Germany .
2	Thomas Coram 's revulsion at the infant corpses in London gutters led him to campaign for a hospital for foundlings , established in 1741 .
2	Revulsion at injustice , poverty and denied opportunity , he says , impels people to work for a better world .
2	However , I quite enjoyed describing the horrors of my creation , and shared with Edward Young , the architect , his revulsion for the hideous house , covered in peeling stucco , as chilling within as without .
2	He said he would be happy to lead the march planned for next Sunday ` to show the city 's revulsion for terrorism . "
2	But equally , it provided a home for some of the darkest forms of distrust of and revulsion from sex and marriage .
2	This ` instinctive revulsion from regulation " is the foundation of his libertarian heritage and it gives rise to a particular vision of how broadcasting should develop and what its purposes should be .
2	It is unfortunate that such considerations may be thrust out of view by continuing public -- and perhaps personal -- revulsion towards the concept of child sexuality .
2	There was , as yet , no significant revulsion amongst the general public towards the use of nuclear weapons to save manpower .
2	Nell swallowed down the revulsion of the word normal .
2	Its roots were both theological and caused by the revulsion of the burnings in Mary 's reign .
2	Colette works at marshalling our feelings of revulsion at this voracious creature who has almost killed the poor box thorn .
2	Revulsion at what has been happening there is not a prerogative of the politically correct .
2	If so , he would undo her revulsion with tonight 's business .
2	Such side-effects seem to be becoming increasingly common these days , and many patients are becoming disgruntled with these drugs and are seeking safer alternatives .
2	We were feeling rather disgruntled at how many good films we 'd obviously missed when a man came on to the stage to read the nominations for one of the categories .
2	He looked disgruntled to see Harbury , despite Eliot 's explanation that he wanted Harbury to give what further help Shildon needed .
2	He could pretend she was a good housewife , cook and mother to other men who were disgruntled at their wives , brilliant careers .
2	It linked the poor performance with the exodus to the West of more than 330,000 East Germans disgruntled with Communism .
2	Woody Allen wrote and directed this comedy in which he stars as New Yorker Isaac Davis who is in love with his city but disgruntled with his job as a TV comedy writer .
2	But they were caught out when accounts assistant Anne Riley , disgruntled at being sacked , told chairman Douglas Bishop of their alleged antics .
2	Charles opened his eyes warily , disgruntled at being dragged out of his dream .
2	Nor , in the western part of the country , does disgruntlement with Mr Kohl mean gruntlement for Social Democrats .
2	Be prepared to train twice as hard on your weaker side and each time you feel fed-up through lack of progress , switch to your stronger side to give yourself a boost .
2	We are getting a bit fed-up of people saying how badly opponents play against us .
2	FACTORY workers fed-up with secretary Carolyn Bullock 's dodgy parking hoisted her car on to the firm 's roof with a crane .
2	In an increasingly health-conscious world , executives from Brazil to Britain have become increasingly fed-up with luncheon excesses .
2	I know they are working on a building site but we are just fed-up with this disruption . "
2	The cave-man got fed-up with walking
1	@ankitbathija Thanks mate, just came on board here at Twitter ...  .. tweet up sounds great..
1	@kontorrecords yes i do, how can I not?
1	@blue_north27 http://twitpic.com/4jcjr - Mmm yummy... looks like an invitation to me
1	I'm on Twitter now... how cool am I? and now let's go to McDo
1	@DJ_Joelted i will definately be there tomorrow
1	@ladybug8320 that is definitely a blast from the past
1	@kate38381849 haha, yeah i meant mall! -winks back-
1	@paulcockerton that is truly impressive. Can't come close to that. Takes the argument over whether web needs subs to a new level though
1	@LauriM OH WAIT, I read that wrong. OK hellboy
1	@AandDfilms OMG rated 10 stars
1	OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! New SUPERNATURAL starts tonight!  New Sam and Dean! Oh My god! can't breathe!  &lt;3 &lt;3
1	@avataraang awww ) where'd you get that? hugh is so thin. no traces of being wolverine yet. btw, who's that other guy besides RDJ?
1	has just finished watching masterchef. Surprisingly (perhaps), it's good
1	@magh aw. you level up. haha but just try to manage your money.
1	morrrning. time for school. (: time to learn!
1	Excited! Double Bio today.   I don't have a straightener and my hair looks horrendous at the moment. Wtf am I supposed to do?
1	@ChrisCuomo oh my! Nothing like a rabid racoon to get the adrenaline going in the morning. Better than a cup of coffee.
1	just 3 days left for the offf 2009 http://www.offf.ws/ in oeiras portugal... see you there
1	@rscheuer OK looking forward to that
1	@grekwood laze about ! It's. The bank holiday law
1	@ewanspence Yay! I am not the only Eurovision fan on twitter  #eurovision2009
1	@eyyJD Heard that your dad would be going here in September. Would you also come with him?
1	@heyitskesa: Omg! I never got your message so I didn't notice until I was looking back a ways! Sorry, that was a good idea though...lol
1	@jakeperks - Woo! Great subject for this month. Now I can use my sparklers
1	@dj_sko next time just go online and show the club owner an ean golden video, hahaha...  (i am fan, did i mention that?! @djtechtools)
1	Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on
1	@kainaussie aww way to make me feel special
1	Finally changed my pic after wanting to do it for so long. I was getting rather sick of that black and white pic.
1	auntie diane wins quote of the day &quot;and hes the incredible hulk&quot;
1	@BRIAN_____ re:firmware. Heh, just a coincidence. I didn't do anything. Maybe the SW guys heard you?
1	shall bring his own glass to work from tonight, no more 'half half' hor!!
1	Waiting for the last movie to finish then am test screening Ghost of Girlfriends Past, glass of wine and lolly bag in hand, yay!
1	@laubow_ I did ! That was amaziiiing    I was able to see the whole stage and to dance and sing etc ! That was really great
1	@mmmj You're watching Firepro0f?
1	@Sir_Almo shocking isnt it.. hmm... we will stop it..
1	My new design portfolio is finally on the web: http://www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now,
1	@rayvenn_nicolee haha..not quite as good a Super Ted!..but good none the less!  haha xx
1	Wolverine Was BOSS! Seriously, And Will.I.Am Was In It, What The Fuck ??
1	@cheryltiu yup slowly recovering. it sucks that i can't eat the stuff i'm craving right now. my gums can't take it. how was your trip?
1	Watir in ???????  http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/WATIR
1	@nsingman i got followed by one that says she doesn't talk to &quot;god people&quot;-i wonder if she talks to &quot;goddess people?&quot;
1	@eugenechua Tasmania devils and the mad cold... Not a bad start.
1	Star Warz day? Really..that is a hot topic? Man..oh man.. I'm just waiting for Star Trek!
1	@MissxMarisa haha!! someone with an axe just popped up at you Scenie!! what did you do???
1	@bencollieruk No because why would it say &quot;New gift services&quot; on the page.. HA!
1	Just opened a facebook account, I'm a little confused I don't really get it. Twitter seems much better
1	@aussie_ali  really?  i'm in greensborough, but prev bundoora..
1	happy star wars day
1	finally shifted from Twhirl to TweetDeck so I can filter through my close friends' updates  happy monday peeps
1	@xojennielynn or @lauren_ohh i think one of you should give a ride! please?
1	@Booooooom I love how Alex Pardee colours his picturs, so differnt
1	@Devinwade heyyyyyyyyyyy! Look who it is
1	@johnlacey had someone tell me tonight &quot;there are only 2 states to be in, QLD and Pissed&quot;
1	@typicalhigh Yay me!  But, what in particular?
1	@Sazchik  I read somewhere they were restoring the name, hope it happens soon
1	@m_mazur Hahaha...and I who actually thought you just were popular!
1	@jeffinator today was my first day
1	@stephjacko hey, you know the trailers before hannah montana? is there a jonas brothers 3D concert experience trailer?  x
1	nvm, lexi's playlist is working its magic
1	@yadatree I used to row in high school and just found out there is a rowing club ten minutes away from me so I thought I should sign up
1	@lemziipie Wow, congrats Rosemary
1	@toastehmonstah Ohh! I got the fourth thing just not the may, ahh thanks.
1	@MissxMarisa haha what can i say, you're a great teacher!! you learned from the best... Hannah Montana
1	Looking forward to a session at the gym
1	@andrewdisley @patrick_h_lauke Sefton Park in Liverpool would be good... and 200m down the road from me
1	@phomor someone's horsing about. Btw Hubb feels the same about twitter. He's naming @towerofbabble as the other party
1	Alexia has clogged up twitter...... again.... so I thought I'd post a tweet. Um... Just had a shower!!  Now I will have a drink! Teehee...
1	@tsarnick Yeah, you better be sorry! I can't believe you, kiss my sass!!!
1	installed ubuntu 9.04 on my office lap! yaaaaaaaaaaaay!   &quot;install under windows&quot; feature rocks!! #awesome #ubuntu #excited
1	@Kaat11 yes I am
1	@RobHolladay I added it, are you still awake?
1	@meriel I know it's not meeeee. Im surprised either  At least I get to laugh at myself UNLIKE SOME OTHER PEOPLE )
1	@fightking Yeah, 'Age of Aquarius' IS a pretty scary song
1	@babygirlparis Have a fantastic time in paradise and drink a few Margeritas for me
1	talking to sam on msn, twitter is so 5 minutes ago
1	listening to her stolen music. just loved it cause its free!
1	@NHBS We don't really offer that service as we're web/graphic designers and not desktop publishers. So, I thought maybe you could help?
1	@niveauxbandit heyy are you ok...? i know it sucks having her in you dorm... but i assure you it will be ok
1	@marieosmond See you October! Love the new book, when's the next one out?
1	@filogrrl yeaaa i just got the link off his lj
1	@jordanmccoy awwww how cute its a pUG
1	@BKMS4life thx for following
1	just found out that selena gomez's birthday is 6 days after mine
1	@ismnora strangely enough, yes.  but then it works for me, may not for everyone.
1	@nataliet95 bahaha, BOF? you've gotta get a life... although i can't say much with my obsession with miley cyrus.. I'VE gotta get a life
1	Made my first Skype to landline call.  Good call quality, quite impressed
1	@iLoveWtcc0228 Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
1	@FizzyDuck Would you believe I have put that in my bookmarks ?
1	Offline.... Have to give private lesson now and eran some money
1	The &quot;shhh..&quot; stuff is finally all done!
1	@jeffsgrippen i used to be!! i've done a few different jobs in yj. currently i'm a court officer
1	woohoo 69th (oh er) place  1/3 of my category behind me... not bad for 1 gear, big wheels, no suspension and no training!!
1	@kevin_puentez sikkkeee!!! I getting bose headphones for $1 today
1	@Sarah_x_ATL u mean jack barakat's?! wow so have u ever gone to his house? Hehe i mean ur ssoo lucky to have the address!
1	@lyssaloveless I wish they replied to us. July will be utterly amazing!
1	@tara_louise Lucky me. There are mystery ingredients as well
1	@foxykaty haha, its cos one of your 'tweets' was smile smile smile, so i quoted the boys in reply
1	@A12291994 you are lame  go make me breakfast!!
1	Forgot an EC2 machine running for 15 days, and got a $35 bill. Amazon teaches you to get organized for a fair price
1	@creative_home Yes - that would be perfect.  That was supposed to happen, last night, still dry.  Usually happens as I a heading to appt.
1	@killelbunnio  what's the deal.
1	@lauraaaaah A group of people naked  woooh
1	@fredwilson I've heard of disgruntled investors, but calling you a &quot;hoe&quot;? That seems totally out of line
1	@death_by_spork haha I like it anyway, although i miss the spork in the pic... where did it go?
1	@plc sorry  you wouldn't believe how much feedback we got on that menu bar icon.  the next version will be a lot more subtle
1	@thurstyturtle HA ha - how much?  Thanks for starting to follow me.
1	@nkangel74 wow, Germany, that would be fun! If I could just meet them, just once, I would be good.
1	I know people say that power naps are good for you all the time, but I kinda always miss the alarm
1	god assignments are stressful ! but its finished now lol and im off to bedd
1	thinks that the limit of 140 letters is really not fair. 300 + would be better
1	i hope that everyone has been having a great week.  let me know if you think im crazy for hating coffee XD.
1	@Nicurnmama Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
1	finished work @ midday, had kiddie dinner ... now have no get-up &amp; go ... ah well it's bank holiday!   #fb
1	@Hyperopia afternoon! u've got a new pic, nice specs
1	Eating an apple... for once in my life!!! Thought you would like to know
1	@RickGriffin oh! so this could well be your last post!
1	Feeling much better  Doing History Research.
1	@LCLaurenConrad the new series of the hills was on yesterday in uk , it was amazing! you looked really pretty on your birthday too.
1	@GatorBat44 What you said about aj made no sense,hahaha. What were you talking about? And I loved that picture of you and colin!
1	I've just bought 2 tickets to see the latest show of Gad Elmaleh. I'm so so happyyyy  http://bit.ly/YGPDd
1	Off to school. Who knows what to expect? Bring on life and all of it's suprises!
1	Gotta TeraByte  of space to store movies
1	That mango shake made ALL the difference.  - http://tweet.sg
1	Spiderwoman! She's an amazing mum, gr8 blogger, gr8 mentor &amp; on top of that climbs walls!  http://digg.com/d1qEua -via @kelvinlls
1	@BELLION1988 thought u said twitter was crap bellion?
1	trying to work out how to use Twitter!
1	@meganyeo Rocket surgery hey? HAHA I thought it was rocket SCIENCE? Oh.. is that all.. I knew that I swear. Thank you
1	@AngieGriffin Yes..Come through... Tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend
1	@bph Yep still a few seats left for PRACC workshop w/ @skydiver &amp; @alexdc http://bit.ly/txpA6  see you there
1	my pic is back..  out of the blue..
1	@robertfreedland it IS a universal treat!!
1	There is a faux gothy chick looking at me, sorry I am not going to camden and I like pop-punk and jimmy eat world
1	@immuneprotect I was thinking the swine markets are in decline. But since we can't say that anymore...
1	Thanks for the follow my new Twitpeeps!
1	Do you click on the link after the post &quot;I can't believe how much sex I'm getting?&quot;....I mean, come on!
1	@Bptbtrfly surprisingly i am actually not super tired... would like to just lay in bed for a while though
1	Goingto the airport soon and then going to meet my wedding photographer!! Can't wait
1	@iyaitssuzanne ohh yeh , but he was on sexy men so its okay
1	Did you know you can shop for AVON online... Its true.. Check out my site: http://www.youravon.com/krystalmoore   Thanks
1	@dannywood let me guess ... ran a few miles?  Respect dude, I can't do it.  Maybe you should train me
1	@frumioj  Cheeeessseee! We were in Ireland when the latest W&amp;G aired. In-laws had to put up with my blocking the telly on Christmas Day.
1	@piraja dohh! is it old? I had never heard it.. I'm so last year..
1	@MsNikkiPorcher i DO THAT ALL THE TIME.. NO BIGGIE
1	@azkikah the idiom?? doesn't ring a bell eh? hahaha. y'are really thinking of food?! nope. actually in the bathroom. teehee
1	its castiel!!!!  [ the angle ]
1	@jamesonhall happy to help
1	@taracasper what are you doing here? I thought you were back at work today!
1	says numbers are all good - all that's left is the white blood cell count.  http://plurk.com/p/rqo8q
1	@nb42 how poetic.. great going.. keep them coming
1	@SheonaHG  lol, sunny and 18 yesterday, Igloo melted, attacked by bushes, recovering today.  How's things in Chocolateland?
1	@peaceandcarrots wow, so glad you liked the concert. but i mean, how could you not like the concert.
1	@offbeat87 oh okay. Thank you
1	@rochellewiseman http://twitpic.com/4jguu - wow that is pretty  x
1	Just got back from Carlton in Greenville.  Benz is getting serviced.  Time to make some money.    I think I'll make some sales calls...
1	hungover.........still in bed!!!! duvet day 2day me thinks  ooh may start desperate housewives or watch new dvds off richard xx
1	who wants to transfer some maths knowledge into my head via USB cable?
1	@sevenspoons I had mint ice-cream for dessert tonight. Love the stuff!
1	@MMAGear510 thanks.... just awesome
1	doneeee wheeee hahaaaaaaaa so tired and sleepy  peter u suck not coming to my bday!
1	damn. me and sophie tweeted a lot yesterday. well, it seems like a lot to me anyway.
1	Wow the  vicodin must have worked I over slept... Better get updating BJADAY.com or I will not have a job
1	I couldn't have planned a better surprise party for my hubby
1	@Bronzethumb Thank you.
1	@cameronfrye Awww, that's amazing though! I've never been to a SoCo or JM concert...but once Zac hanson gave me his drumstick!
1	Mashup Monday! In honour of the swine flu hysteria  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnv2
1	yeah fffff.at lab coming up with super duper iphone real scratching app  http://fffff.at/spinning-vinyl-ipod-app
1	@jabula Thanks  Give it 5 stars!!11
1	@J_Schools haha funny cause i blame @shiatheninja and @cocotheninja for me not going to bed  its a vicious circle
1	@dougiemcfly want me to walk with you?  x
1	@janine_j9  look at you!!! Chatting with the stars!!! WTG
1	@portman65 did you have an amazing time?
1	Revamping my recording studio today and adding some nice high end outboard gear...very exited!
1	Kyle is Cody's wee bro!
1	Morning Tweethearts! Now home after traveling 302 mi.thru 2 states &amp; 2 faires in 3 days. So inspired! Ready to write as I enjoy coffee.
1	OMJ! J.O.N.A.S. is the best tv show EVER!  ?
1	@MikeThomson71 meetings are overrated.
1	My last blog http://blog.spiritualsmarts.com/2009/1560/ is being published on Web Digest Weekly next issue!!
1	@pegkd Good plan, Peg --plus I like the sound of &quot;Money Monday&quot;
1	@dirkstanley also: is there a strategic IT plan that maps to the bus strategic needs, that deliver value over time? No more waterfall
1	@scottfaithfull You're not singing in the rain?
1	@BeSharp wow, great to know a piece of software ensures our timely project delivery  #ProductNamingRulez
1	@Poynter_sex it was indeed  made my life!
1	@ammaryasir awesome RONIN121
1	@mystic23 Congrats on the tax refund.  Those are always nice.
1	@abigvictory OMG that is toooo funny!
1	Everyone MUST watch this...it's Snowball the dancing bird &amp; he will make your day...I promise!  http://tinyurl.com/37wt5f
1	Excited about having an empty apartment to ourselves for a little while
1	Rise and shine  Time to get prettifide.
1	@OnThePontyEnd heh coincidence im a barnsley fan too  how'd you track me down :o
1	Nice and clean now
1	wowww!! havent twitter in like FOREVER!! all done with SAT! Finally! soo happy!  i think i did terribly but who cares! ITS DONE! lol
1	@3milk ahhaha. oh, what an embarassment! stop reading them
1	@feedmekicks heyyy you  LOL wassup mamas?
1	2nd result of the day: found my timeout book of bars whiiich means i've now recovered everything I thought i'd lost. Small victories =
1	Wow. Shabu.  And now HIMYM! Really feels comforting
1	Happy Star Wars Day? OHHHH...now I get it. May the 4th be with you.  love it. (and mondays). (sorry again) #starwarsday
1	@dravenxiv Oh no! Hope you find your voice soon
1	http://www.myspace.com/dica_grl Just got a crush on this song! Disco's Out! Murder's In! ruleaz?, zic!  www.myspace.com/discosoutmurdersin
1	@kduggs1 OMG I just spit my drink out! RIP hair straightener!!
1	Good morning new followers. Time for my face-sized coffee. Don't be a stranger
1	Catching up on #dollhouse Yay Alan Tudyk aka Wash is in it.
1	may the 4th be with you
1	had a very interesting day yesterday... wondering if today will be just as crazy. Hope not. Still diggin' Spartacus!.. aka: Mike-E!!!
1	@yourbabyV  I don't like Demi...I like La La Land and Don't forget. Do you like Ashley Tisdale??
1	Got Six Feet Under series 1 on DVD
1	and egg whites, with 7 grain toast. YUP!
1	@Bulehithien Aaaah, the same old same, I see ^^ We share a mutual fate, my friend :*
1	Is sick. Staying home because that's what Levy said to do.
1	@prempanicker Ah, I thought management fiat was your own fiat  Oh well... And... Shripriya (or Shri if one must shorten it).
1	My #musicmonday offering: http://tinyurl.com/dg9ad5 Tony Christie feat. All Seeing I - Walk Like a Panther
1	@Essyxx Happy May Day and Star Wars Day
1	There's starwars day? ) OMG Rocio!
1	@kkanester  No, but apparently a distant relative died in east africa, leaving me as his only heir. Once I send 5K I should have 250k
1	Can I get a &quot;what?&quot;  &quot;what?&quot;...the baby sent some Twitter messages on my behalf
1	excited about this week! trying to have a productive monday. trying. hard.
1	We drove  summahkayy
1	Wait - No Wind in Hair - that would be I-L-L-E-G-A-L!!  I would Never break the law!! No, never.
1	@KimPossible40 If you're living under a bridge you need GOATS! If it gets bad come up &amp; stay w/me-we'll fit you in.
1	two months from today till I'm Mrs. Josiah!! ahhhH!
1	@cameronstrang that's because of all the stuff that was stolen while you were gone...
1	hi  godd day eweryone im in a reel good mood to day
1	Ok, I'm awake. I'm awake. I think.
1	Somehow my alarm became an hour fast and I came to realize it as I was leaving the house.. It feels good having an early start
1	oh yea mspacers my boy just hooked up my page  it looks kewl at least i think so and it only took him 5 minutes www.myspace.com/missmickey
1	@milkhub Thats smack in the middle of exams, I'll mention it to some of the guys though
1	@lejjewellery oh nice going!
1	updating my twittermoms page; it's quite different from regular twitter
1	had a heart to heart with his boy (ALL good stuff, promise!) and is now a bit more smitten than before.  fucking loves!! (Avi=hawt!)
1	@twistedthursday She does!
1	@raihanamcfly LOL! salivary gland?? frm those little flies?? no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no, ur brain hurts? a new brain is growing!
1	Off from work now!
1	@jesaryan I'm right there with you girl
1	Goooooooood Mornin Tweeps! It's going to be an Awesome Monday - I can already tell... not even 8am and my inbox is clean
1	@tristanx We want pictures as proof though
1	$67 for my books, no complaints. 67 more than i had plus i'm on book voucher!
1	And now for some CoD4.
1	Last day for MACYS friends &amp; family sale! Going shopping after we meet w/our mortgage broker.
1	@hyperren Good Luck with your interview!
1	@espowari really? awesome! we love it...and I work at buckhead church too. I love it all around.
1	@nic0pic0 You're welcome. There!  I added you already!
1	being new to Twitter?!?!?
1	just realized i have 30 followers HEY GUYS
1	I right here...don't worry
1	today got her POP! t-shirt &amp; lovess ittt  haha x
1	Ahhh, 7 am meetings  thanks Reimer!
1	@killakim NEW FRIEND?? hmmm... tell me more
1	@DarkPiano I have my iTunes playing and one of ur songs just came on
1	@Sarahbelle1414 yeah those are better ads  It makes them look part of your content rather than blatant adverts ;)
1	@eddwriter call me when your done with your finals and tell me how you did  YOU CAN DO IT!!!!!!!!!
1	@jmbuckingham Really?? I feel special
1	wow...i have to many bookmarks...i just spent a good hour organizing
1	@hesselbom Ok, which album to start with? After listening to Frank Black for years I found out he used to play in #Pixies.
1	@egeriis it is the lightest, cleanest, most precise and as far as i know fastest engine around
1	@mistygirlph Thanks!  Yes, this sudden downpour does seem rather freakish. Is it really the end of summer here in the Philippines?
1	@geekjames It's amazing the DVDs I'll put on my Netflix list just based on the trash potential inherent in their titles
1	@goatfox yes i have read them many times.
1	@ejhildreth  I like it!
1	feels the same way about cherry-flavored items as Shannt does about grapes. Strange, but true.
1	@EmilyYoung09 kwl... nm this msn nd homework... but i went 2 c hanna montana hte movie yesterday xx happy mayday btw xx
1	@mckra1g  So jealous - I'd LOVE to see the Ella show...in fact I think I'll stream some right now!
1	Played the Eclectricity Festival @ The Custard Factory last night was an UNREAL atmos right till the end! Glad i played last set
1	@unmarketing Certainly not Cheers than, huh?
1	@Sobk13 I love to eat chicken, would I be a cannibal chicken?
1	@Llawen Don't know - pretty, though
1	@KG4RDF Good luck on final!
1	@luckis I watched that too!!! I didnt want her to win, but she put up a good fight..lol
1	@OAMCortney you're alive!!!!!!  Go w/ The Notebook...it'll make you cry and stuff
1	@disavian: saw it yesterday. Pretty good.
1	@shesasanga um don't u already have like NINE of my paintings?!?! jk, lemme come finish that 4 u
1	Is at the movies with the boyfriend!!
1	is highly amused I wasn't treated nicely like any other patient..not my fault my life is better than yours.
1	@rayatkinson last I looked.  Hi back...
1	World's Happiest Places ...   Denmark, Finland and the Netherlands
1	@lomascar yo i got my blur tickets yesterday  i'm going on the 1st day whatbouts u?
1	we went, we bought, we conquered! and we came back with the most delicious custard croissant
1	@NewShoreline Ouch, give me a heads up so I'll know when to duck
1	@4ut I am ok, I think I will just take the attitude that Mothers Day is an invented Hallmark holiday from now on
1	@MissVerna http://twitpic.com/4visl - WOW this looks incredible! wicked job on the butterflies! they're fantastic!
1	@PrinceSammie OMG its working
1	Dan and alli are here. They suprised me
1	@addieking it was amazing
1	@EhMahLee Were you able to watch it online?!  I hope you were!  And yeah, Belinda Jensen was really good
1	@smokinace88 - Last night was the best one so far I think. Except we didn't see him throw his equipment at the car
1	trying to decide what to do tonight. Study Chem or write the night away. The night's still young, perhaps I'll do both
1	@Jeremy_LaMont yr very young looking dude
1	gasp-- 10 followers! i feel almost famous. i used to think i would be famous when i grew up one day LOL. oh well, cheers to norm peeps!
1	@sarahdope http://twitpic.com/4w22u - Its so pretty! The girls must love you a whole lot  Happy bday again!
1	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4uy8l - LOL  why are they drumming there?
1	@XDmexicanXD no, sir, they did not! i was amazed when i woke up this morning.
1	@plynke plus, look at all the orbs! you either have ghosts or you need to clean the mirror
1	@erinlouise @Miss604 being a fan is certainly not about being attractive. But, if you like the pink, to each their own  #canucks
1	Headin 2 chilis Mr. Presidente's callin my name! Then 2 the ice house
1	downloading the right/real speedracher now.
1	@geofferyjohnson looking forward to it. we're sitting at the bar.
1	@theellenshow get @kalebnation the twilightguy on your show
1	home in carlsbad with the whole family for mother's day!
1	@xCUNHAx o yea? awwww, how sweet!! U r good kids!
1	@dorkchops WOOHOOO very cool see I knew u would get to see her
1	at the theatre.... seeing star trek for a second time becuase i am that cool
1	New comic posted. Introducing  &quot;Joe! - The Mini Strip&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/oasxx2 (via @mbillingsley80) cute Mother's day strip!
1	is off to somewhere.
1	@Bx3800 ohh yes. I've rented one and thought the same; very roomy. But hubby wont go for it.  welp, congrats on the new baby
1	@TRIPLEBEAMDREAM Having a Leatherman, is a MUST, really for anybody! You never know, when you might need one &amp; it gets the job done.
1	Off to prom. Say hi to me
1	For the record, john mayer is freaking cool.
1	@MrEricPiRaTe ah, I see now. Cool dude
1	@booandginger Thats good!  Keep it up guys! Would love to come down and visit sonetime
1	@zacgandara .. did you have to bust a cap? tell me you had to bust a cap for Jesus!
1	@aussiecynic Blow me away it IS raining harder here. Yay you, well done
1	@AdamSatayer lol, so your mum likes a bit of the ol' clergy ordained ultra violence?
1	Not at prom. Ha! Chinese, iced chai, and some old school pokemon. Good night
1	Oh, yes... Happy NINE year annivarsary to Hanson's second studio album, &quot;This Time Around.&quot;
1	@DawnRichard  Thanks Sissy!!!!!!! Be sure to check ur Myspace tonight, It's gonna be Something! Luv Ya!!!!
1	@KarlosFarrar check out review for the movie Fighting - http://bit.ly/Fle9j  Hilarious!! leave this guy a comment!
1	@ElyssaD this is twistory... in the making. Yeah, I stole that one from you
1	@AmyriadfthINGs Yeah, I've never seen that! But, I guess I've never really needed it.
1	At TGC concert  good to see old friends and remember the old times!
1	@astonesthrow @debsparkles @sheabath1  - Overwhelming lead for Strawberry Lemonade!!  My husband voted for Banana Fosters tho.
1	@howie_d aww thats so awesome, i can imagine your little one with a head full of curly hair - i adore Leigh, shes so great
1	@ijustine ... like you're stuff!  Strange voicemails! http://bit.ly/yKxms
1	boy don't try to front i-i know just-just what you are-are-are
1	Catching up on 2 weeks of LOST and Grey's!!    House is quiet again.
1	@NahLyssa  hey!! how are you??? you found me
1	@theellenshow Please bring @kalebnation to your show
1	@toxiccupcakeCxC LOL have whoopi? Who are u Chuck Woolery?
1	@aquabh i'm not sure what stracchino is, but it sounds good.
1	Going to sunnybank
1	mothers day...love you madre   chels tonight. cant wait for her to see her present!
1	@laexis and the habitat is twitter-active. Neat
1	@andwoahalex my tweets??? i rofl'd at this
1	full day with Jasper &amp; Bonty!!! my new puppies
1	Finished with my classes, time to start my summer project. Hint: it involves a Wordpress install and what I've been tweeting about lately
1	@mikeplante It's already over? Damn!
1	it's Mothers Day today
1	Gusying up for  dinner, Bourbon &amp; Branch, Zeitgeist and surprise party for Taylor!   Shh...
1	@anamericangod that's what i was last night
1	what? you thought I did it all for mom of the year award? nope, tad bit more selfish than that:
1	@TaylorRumsey You are welcome.
1	is noow calmmm  eating polvoron .. yuumm
1	@HeatherShorter I love that song! I was starting to think I was the only one that knew that one!    #sameperson
1	@MikeDavis88 Rt/WestCoastGal88@mawmaw88 - It's the facial hair, they both need to shave  [Jr and JJ]
1	@KeytaJ yes'ma... for an after party too after the show next week.
1	@guyswithiphones no prob, you have a sexy site there
1	@titanite lol happy you like it
1	http://twitpic.com/4w67l - Im hard core, you just dont know it.
1	@jaystokes4 lol oh ok..well n that case..thank u
1	@collegiate Wowzer! Deep stuff there, but CIS will probably give you more earning potential.
1	never expected to hear Beastie Boys in a Star Trek movie... was a super great flick though. *pew peww* -- (phasers)
1	@Java4Two TY very much for FF
1	Yo somebody's mother just came to the club dresses like she's going straight to church after the club! I feel like I'm going to hell 4  @
1	@Woahitssarah i believe that you are
1	Omg. i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present!!!
1	Ada acara menarik lain: Keys to the VIP di channel V. Ttg straight yg dikasih tasks to approach strangers in the crowd.. Hmm
1	a salt pig thing coz she broke her other one! lol  do you guys even no wat a salt pig is?
1	@esmebella Kk, I just had 888 followers like a minute ago
1	@brucehoult oh really? why HELLO there
1	Chillin out at home enjoying my new house... I must say I love it!!!  Hope your all having a great day!!!
1	So the movie was 3-D and really gooood
1	says good morning everyone! Once again, a happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!  I hope you all h... http://plurk.com/p/stq3f
1	@musicdotcom model on a pink motorcycle
1	Wedding..
1	@TasteMyInk most likelyy. Just need to save the money and practice my ass off.
1	OOOH,  i have a question for you all. DOES YOUR CHAIN HANG LOW?  idk! sorry!
1	NGH episode 28 is out! check it out!
1	@lalalalexi read it! lucky, why are you getting a new phone?
1	@DAWIIZME lmao!!! ummm duh gurl I need to buy me some more v-necks I like em!!!
1	- going somewhat out of town? (x visitng uncle boyet &amp; famm!
1	Its beautiful outside. I wish i was in new york city. But this area is pretty cool. Hip and trendy.
1	Kyle going to the garage. His night is done. Think we'll get an interview?  #NASCAR
1	@MarcusG704 why are you surprised?
1	Kudai a Pop Rock band from Chile is the last one taking the stage tonight.
1	@andcristina OHH. haha ok thanks
1	@TeeMonster The Case of the Gigolo's Picolo?
1	Just saw Zack and Miri Make a Porno with @marissamariposa and @mlewicki . sooo good.
1	@JanetRoper  Indeed. Maybe somebody needs a new cat.
1	@sfoak I would LOVE to be the dark princess of the PCI evil empire.... oh wait! That would make me an auditor again!
1	@sup_ashley OH REALLY?!
1	playing board games!!!
1	i loudly said something &amp; my coworker replied &quot;i dont know brian klemm! But even I love brian klemm!&quot;  ( @Klemm_0_Tronic )
1	@amandabynes will u give ur mother anything special? I'll make a cake and make sure mine gets a stressfree day =p cheesy, but it works
1	Christa's Mothers Day card, deep in the build phase.   - Photo: http://bkite.com/07k6e
1	Woah! 311 is really good!! The rain earlier was rather nice
1	@girlonlaptop haha. not sure what local is to you, but if i was then you'd have to fight me for it!
1	@AmbDuckett should be me
1	@liesforliars what about Midge? She definitely has to be in on that tie for first. She's completely dumb  and yeah, punk'd indeed
1	Thinking my drink is watered down but hey its free
1	rain, rain, rain. wow i actually LOVE the rain....
1	Happy Mother's day mang!!! thank you and i love you
1	my favourite song tonight is cheer it on by Tokyo Police Club
1	Dinner and A Movie with the Hubby
1	@heytheredeahna NO WAY! i didn't know he was singing ROF thats without a doubt my fave he has done on idol thus far!! EEP~fangirl moment
1	@1027KIISFM REALLY?  COOL!
1	Dakota just had a her first bath since being spayed... She was in Heaven!
1	Star Trek was actually really good
1	first night in myers. just not the same w/out lydia!  but i'm actually excited about this summer!
1	I just saw a shooting star... I made my wish
1	@amandapalmer missed interview on NPR, ironic because listened to NPR all day on long fucking car trip, watching Needle now, looks good
1	@DonnieWahlberg BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
1	@xmainer1 heading over to xbox  will go shopping 2morrow
1	Oops!  My mom accidentally signed into my twitter account to comment on my pictures!
1	@richdeclue that's what she said?
1	@elliottyamin your new song is AMAZING
1	got back from the party...suprisingly awesome, NEED to dance more often! overall, awesome night
1	@BillohBill WTF!!!!  LMAO!!! *Just got hit in the head with bloody balls*
1	But I am on pg 145 of 165, so I'm getting close!  *yawn*
1	I dont care what kind of graphics or engines video games have nowadays. They are nothing compared to The Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego
1	@OregonMJW Why can't you? Are you rooting for Ali in the Twitter war?
1	@etniqminerals it shocked D &amp; I, too!  Puts things in a whole new, empowering, light... now doesn't it?
1	great party alenka!!  happy birthday chicky! &lt;3
1	@Dovidul2 really? Awesome!
1	Listening to Metal Shop at Mooneys!! All is good
1	@alane01 that couldn't be more true! I like ur momma's style!
1	ROFL - me too.
1	@odrisck anything  bookmark - keychain - surprise me
1	So theres this boy. Hes so cute. Hes got a six pack.  yum it was fun touchin it.
1	@jlneveloff CONGRATS on graduating college!
1	The Mediteranian Kitchen...oh well can't get them all right.
1	@cammyjo Tell me about it! What is obvious in real life makes for great entertainment on TV  It is great to try and figure out the killer
1	@mitchelmusso!!! Tell us your experience! I Loveeeee Youu!
1	Gonna celebrate Mothers Day with the family but gonna start the partying tonite
1	Haha!!! Korn is FUNNY!!  ugh... If I drink any more $10 beers , I'm going to... Get fat! :/
1	@MerDerNeverOver just sent you the FC link, Courtney!
1	I had a great time at the surprise party! We got him good!
1	@theevilgumby oh that was when he went down to the crowd...how epic dude
1	@littlereddr WHAT! That's a sin!
1	@tldavidson Actually there was this other guy I thought I didn't know but turns out I DID know from a previous party...
1	@Blue_Rose   *follows back*
1	Google goes pink today
1	@TexasGarabedian I'm seeing LOTS of SOLD signs
1	wants to wish all the moms a Happy Mother's Day.  Hope you're all treated like Queens!
1	says happy mothers day to all mothers everywhere!  http://plurk.com/p/stz7a
1	@Mrsdaughtry Some days you must look hard for that good thing.
1	well its time to hit the hey stack night yalls  TOMORROW IS MOTHERS DAY!
1	So glad I'm finally done with finals!
1	working my way through a Myst maze while my video exports
1	Baby girl scraped her leg in a bike accident today. Couldn't find any gauze, had to use panty liners and medical tape to patch her up.
1	i am so going to see transformers on imax.   SO EXCITED!!!
1	whoops...  not  in my last tweet
1	@bubzbeauty awww. i wish i had a younger sis ): but i do have an older one!!! i bet your younger sis loves it JUST as much as u do!
1	Really!
1	wait...why didn't I know about this wedding? Aren't I supposed to be in yours and vice versa?  btw I know it's not yours
1	@phantomdata lmao I'm glad you guys liked it
1	Happy Mother's Dayyyy. Love you mummyyyyyyyy
1	My my I have never watched so many movies in one night with my mommy
1	Message me to book your piercing appointment now !
1	@gleannignacio hehe true. i wonder what he will come up with
1	uqh soo boredd supposedd to be asleep cuzz i have too wakke upp earlyy but i juss cantt sleepp.! omq tomorroww iss mother's dayy
1	@spicydesign Look at this ! http://twitpic.com/4wcqa  I can't see them at all. What the heck..
1	What if Twitter was really called &quot;Twatter&quot;? I'm posting a Twat!
1	The ultimate shirt folding tool (http://www.flipfold.com/)- I saw @sheldoncooper using this in one of Big Bang Theory's episodes
1	he's pretty cute.
1	who said i can't wear my converse with my dress?
1	@MarijuanaDeals I have the best bestfriend in the whole world .. My Mother's Day present = ambien, klonopin and a quarter! woohoo!  smh...
1	Cavs do it again!!  Oh yea!
1	@liadoria nat has a twitter acct!
1	moshing to fall out boy, and confetti bears are falling from the sky
1	Gorgeous day!  Worked the Master Gardener plant sale, trimmed smoke bushes, and now to do some writing.
1	@Kweeenie He's too old school for burnouts. Just a lap around the track, like they used to.  #NASCAR
1	@caroldee77 haha I know.  Sorry about all the typos in that last tweet...blehhh.  ps - Because I Said So is sucha cute movie..  awww
1	Off to see Wolverine
1	Eating some ice cream cake  its bomb!
1	@Soonmethod @clofresh Thanks for the greeting
1	@nucLEAH oh yeah, that's right! thanks for reminding me
1	walking by the water in annapolis with froyo and no shoes
1	@KatDerby Haha ya, my friend and I are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!!
1	@nerdwife Now, what on earth led you to believe that?
1	@MissXu Would *you* pay $60K for a lunch with Oscar de la Renta?  I don't see her hitting East Village shops, do you?
1	Gonna WoW for a bit. Later, Twitter &lt;3
1	@Ayosilva when in doubt go with the instincts.
1	@alekandsteph thanks for adding me, glad to have you
1	@stephanierhenee wow... you're doing this all through text?  I would get tired after a while
1	@TheRealJordin so wednesday my mom is making a huge special dinner &amp; whatnot to celebrate the new single, just so ya knoww
1	@BlankMustDie thank you for the followfriday hun
1	i ate so much
1	@MattG124 you own a didgeridoo?!?!
1	I woulda never believed that five years later I'd be a female engineer myself making tracks
1	@RetroRewind Yay for Block Party!  You're the BOMB! Blockheads &lt;3 Dave!   Thanks for supporting NKOTB!
1	@wolfchild59 Heh... I send dem when I get dem Jen... I was shocked I found so many these last few days... earlier in the week nothing...
1	headed into venue.  bbl
1	@edwardharran agree completely. it's all about attitude &amp; chutzpah
1	@DarryleP I guess that's true!
1	Oh goody - It's Doctor Who! Hooray for IPTV
1	@hollymccaig OH yea, it's a can't miss w/ Justin Timberlake  I have not had the pleasure of removing a tick from Dakota yet.. Not fun!
1	Happy Mother's Day to all you mother's in Twitterville!
1	@tracydidit that was not Venessa that was me..
1	@pursebuzz They do! Lilash I'm guessing, right?  Oh and what camera are you using? That is insane quality!
1	okay im happy again  i watched the second episode of jonas on youtube. i think tomorrow my family is going to olive garden for mothers day
1	took the most amazing power nap ever. now its starbucks time.
1	@bobrules94: haha i know  it was super easy too. i sat at the toy counter and gave kids what little toy they wanted with they're tickets.
1	Ready for tomorrow. My mommy will get her gift for Mother's Day. Hope she LOVES it!
1	@defeated possibly! NyQuil will get me through tonight though  Doctors Monday! (I hope for the swine, just so I can be on google maps)..jk
1	Leme put this bottle of ciroc in ya..Baby i can make you popular!!
1	@LoriGama That wouldn't have happened if Ravit hadn't asked me. I met her thru a Twitter friend in CT. Love social media that way.
1	@mahhsaayyy imagine i would say&quot;bitch!&quot; lol if i were ma d! haha but im not cuz ur cool
1	Jonas brothers concert  was greaattt
1	@edenriegel Ur going 2 get tired of hearing from me, but I just saw a preview of ur movie Year One, and you were in it.  How funny. Yeah!
1	The hair looks sicckkkk.  Happy mothers day to all the mothers!
1	Never realized how good #Techmeme is until I actually read it (duh!) As an avid Tech Crunch reader, this is much better...
1	@greenatelier awww wish I was there! Have a brew for me B!
1	@fiyahlilly Nice we didn't see the fireworks but we sure heard 'em
1	STAR TREK WAS PURE AWESOME! LOVE IT!!! &lt;3333 @elwhite It was so great seeing you!
1	Happy Mother's Day!
1	@brutejonny works fine to me
1	@Miss604  okay for your Mom and My Mom too!
1	@janessapunani concert please explain? im intrigued
1	@AlFerretti Uh, yeah.  Totally.  But then again, I am in real life too, sooooo....
1	@xVOJOx I didn't know you had a blog!!!  That's so awesome
1	@Stacilynny Its tomorrow!!!!
1	@VSchlesinger Hey, look who's on twitter   Very kewl
1	@lazakesau &quot;Graverobber, graverobber, sometimes I wonder why I even bother..&quot; Have fun tonight!
1	@Belly9Maternity tooth fairy is coming to ur house tonight.
1	@taytaystar when you come to me for plastic surgery, I hope you don't get in a car accident 6 days later
1	@midnightbeadery Awww, thank you!  &amp; you're welcome lol
1	officially my birthday  so i guess after 21 the novelty of a birthday wears off..?
1	@pepperlive Who doesn't know who The Supervillians are Fails. I saw you both in January at The Warfield in SF.  LEGIT SHOW FOR SURE.
1	making mother's day gift
1	I made an animated holiday card thingy. http://is.gd/yjpq - Shh. Don't tell mom yet. It's a surprise.
1	Today was definitely a good day, had fun! Gunna try to get ahead on school now, so text me! &lt;3
1	@lethebashar That would panic me a little!  Maybe you can read on an orbitron at the gym like I do...when all else fails?!?
1	@JohnLloydTaylor I love my mom tooo
1	getting back from smackdown/ecw show
1	@AnnyChih Im sure theres a pamphlet out there somewhere  (Oh, foods pretty good too)
1	1 month 3 wks till the big day!   ~CSH
1	watching SNL with guess Justin Timberlake...OMG! He is too funny!  hahahah
1	@FreshAssNess I think i'm falling in love with you!!  xxx #iloveyou
1	@NathanFillion awesome
1	@dougstech Isn't he awesome?? There are tons more coming, that was just one of three locations
1	@sporkbot Wasn't it totally awesome?  Seeing the rebooted crew was so nice!
1	@shaundiviney Sweeny Todd is deadset one of the best movies of all time
1	@mandiengram Ha! Did she find out? The only thing Google came up with was some database acronym and &quot;dibbs&quot; on the front seat aka shotgun
1	@chrisfromracine That's for sure. That's why I intentionally turn my thought processes to the silly
1	Omg amazing twist! This is a crazy awesome movie
1	awesome night in the city
1	omg patron is 1ofmy FAVS  @NOEL4PRESIDENT im so jealous icant do 10 but i can do 5 so make it 15  so serious im in alabama visitin fam
1	@TheBeatles Time to reissue all @TheBeatles albums on vinyl!  yesss! that would be fab! fab! fab!
1	@chiwhitesox i need 2 b getting 2 sleep 4 the night. Have a good sunday
1	@DanielJeffreys we won't be home till like next month
1	@gregbd you can explore the site 2 and find cool stuff
1	Had a fun late night talk with @koerter  Good night world.
1	@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts
1	@Gosssy I'm good.
1	@temmy_ Sounds like you got a fan in Danstorce.
1	@shanselman http://twitpic.com/4ve84 - Wow! A nice laptop
1	I just love it when  hot policemen come into my work
1	is getting baptized tomorrow  and is a college graduate.  Busy weekend!
1	@nagelamy The guns not working eh?
1	oh and I got my haircut today. I looove it
1	@Tina_Marie_2009 Glad to hear you're quitting. I hope it works out! Also, thanks for the sweet mother's day card. Made me smile.
1	@digitalproduct anytime buddy  I c u @ 701!
1	@aussiecynic it's been hectiv runny around after the women but goof  just making them both a surprise now
1	@veganza Been there, done that!!  Ew!!
1	wow officially i have no life this month! LOL my friends dont believe me when i say they need to BOOK IN ADVANCE!
1	watching What Happens In Vegas!
1	@DamienCripps if hobo and i come next week, we're buying you all a drink.
1	Plain White T's and Sara Bareilles...can life get more amazing
1	@purple_cath a couple of years  I knew you had one but I couldn't find you for awhile..here you are!
1	@leightonmarissa the new song with cobra starship is amazing!!
1	@mens_STYLE  I like it
1	@NikkiBenz I'm gonna leave you in peace my most beautiful girl in the world. Take care, baby. Love ya. xxXXxx
1	ahaha im here carlos;;  Wasssup?!
1	A Happy Mother's Day to all moms and soon to be mom's out there.
1	&quot;Everyone has one special thing.&quot;  This guy sets the record  for the longest pronunciation of the word &quot;Fresh&quot;    http://bit.ly/3mD9fV
1	@shortyyyy Not yet! I'm going to tonight though
1	@rea_jane yay! buti nagustuhan nyo. isang bar lang enclosed ko sa mail.  to test if matutunaw or hindi. next time uli.
1	my hundreth update  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY. i love you mum! even with all the fuss and fighting, you're still the one and only.
1	is live on danny noriega's stickam. he said hey to me  i luv him!!!
1	is 99% sober at Brittney's with Becky and Brit  &lt;3
1	@NikkiBenz There is a cool scene at the end that ties in with another Comic Book movie.
1	@VDog - I think @taxgirl did an amazing presentation about the whole &quot;keeping review items&quot; and tax thing at BlogHer '08  She's awesome!
1	@iamjonathancook shes must be a truly amazing woman for having a phenomenal son..
1	Wow, my phone was blowing up with tweets all day. Now that I'm home, it's a ghost town! Guess I'll do some chores in my apt. &amp; go to bed.
1	And I end up in privilege... Oh well, at least I met a cute engineer
1	@pameladetlor netflicks! watching milk... better go wife is jealous of my twitter habit
1	Ha Damn im ready.  but Fuck that Bitch, i cant believe she had the balls to call me. Haha Wtf!
1	Omg. Its 1:47 am and Kim Possible is on Disney Channel right now. I am glued to the screen
1	ms wee's wedding!!!!
1	Bailey's here.
1	Happy mothers day  just tried on what I'm gonna wear for breakfast and I curled my hair it took forever http://yfrog.com/0gmunj
1	@mrgarbutt TWEET 42
1	@ngffrussell Awesome.  I'm down in Ocean Beach (if you know where that is.) By the way. &quot;YourBiggestFan&quot; I'm a re-al big fan of you-rs.
1	@dreamer0407 ohh and Coffee Break is my fave too! they rock!! LOL
1	My computer is back in business
1	@fiascowines let me guess. You devoured your duck with Fiasco Pinot!
1	hello! @maggieyan3 ! following on recommendatiion of @casparterhorst !
1	@GeorgiaPrincez He'd probably spontaneously combust.
1	coming home tomorrow with a car full of treasures
1	Chilling with Colton who just redesigned the Cocktail Hacker card backs for me.
1	@felicityrose why would they take a photo with stuffed animals?! that's pretty funny
1	success! after much grumbling abt how we always waste money on useless gifts, mum sees the ipod nano and loves it
1	justin timberlake + snl = awesome ... dude should just become a regular
1	the poetry event was a success. I don't think I ever really thought that my poetry could connect with others. heartache is universal
1	@linuxluver I read for pure escapism. Don't make me think, take me away  non-fiction tends not to achieve that, for some strange reason
1	@mscofino wow that is a great list... Now i need to shop
1	seriously underrated.. 'porridge', the best breakfast in the world... ever. doesn't need to be gloopy, as long as it is made just right
1	@bloggingroach: re &quot;pot meet kettle&quot; not so sure of that equation.
1	i can't believe my little brother is married...
1	@DaveStyles Haahaha omg.. dude I read that and almost choked.. haha thanks
1	VAST concert tomarrow night!!!!
1	@brabakr @Elikapeka @BeachMomOf2 Oh Duh....I see that now .....thank you....
1	@rogergzz es imposible no amar starbucks
1	@NathanFillion Where DO you get all those wonderful toys?
1	@xXJess017Xx thats great babe!! congrats!!
1	@MattCundill Haha! At the Somerset theatre in Ottawa. I remember that well. The more things change the more they stay the same
1	Mothers day in 45 minutes west coast time.  Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
1	@kyeungbum going to sleep? why so early? Good night!
1	OMG.. THIS ONE??? YESSSSS love this Danny song
1	@questlove  ok just between U and me  and all of  our  followers on twitter what do U really think of @jimmyfallon ? lol
1	@LironD keep dreamin'!!!! Though.... if she does.... hook me up  LOL
1	still eatin lunch.....n readin comments about last nite....da best comment i receive was &quot;You really brought Anne to life!&quot;
1	Going downstairs for more coffee and socialising  Wow... Only 4:16?.. Gives me time for French later
1	@rjramos yeh take ur time, no pressure   how did u learn to twirl around the knifes and stuff?
1	@JoesGaGirl Here I'm staying up with you and you're not talking to me.   hehe
1	@mrskutcher I agree... And child labour laws are so old and out dated.
1	forgot she had a Twitter account.    Happy Mother's Day!
1	Calling all mothers, calling all mothers...get your butts to bed - the kids'll be here tomorrow
1	Constructivist learning theory - anybody? Oh wait..... there's always wikipedia right?!
1	@melbritt_xo hey hey, ur following me  ur gna relise that i tweet ALOT!! haha more than a normal person wud but im not normal
1	@LucasPace Wow! I am impressed Pastor Lucas! Great work!!!
1	What's up yall! I made it an early night!  I think ima bout to take a shower and chill witcha! Did I miss anything?
1	@MarcScott LOL. me too..werd...:p...hubby's fave driver is Martin so I am happy for him and me!!!
1	@JonathanRKnight you're so gorgeous!!
1	Eminem's new song &quot;Beautiful&quot; is amazing!. Listen to the MAGIC right NOW!!  http://www.myspace.com/steve005
1	@alyxandracouch what was itt!?
1	@Zoexander Very very very very cool.  http://www.inbflat.net/ More details? How it was made? Please tell
1	@bradiewebbstack hahaha my uncle does that coz my aunty is a whore who left her kids
1	@WTFOSO   I'm not leaving yet!
1	SNL w/ Justin Timberlake
1	@carolina90 hahahaha omg you win the internetz today!  &quot;Why are you trying to turn me into Zac Efron?&quot; hahaha
1	@jtimberlake Why thank you... Us Mami's are bringin' sexy back...
1	@skinnylatte many! mine included. ahem. shld have known better back then, wldn't have missed so many opportunities haha
1	@darealTinaT Hey Love!!!
1	@sakka: What, you're not really an alcoholic? I AM V. DISAPPOINTED! D: Seriously, though, I got that you were kidding.
1	@esuh so what if i cried
1	@deleonthegreat lolz at your modesty...***kix rox***...now all the gals will be lined up at your door
1	@bella88love I was gonna go for aiden but I had a girl so I went with scarlet
1	touchin the starss
1	Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys.
1	@McCainBlogette Congrats!  I cuss like that in a matter of minutes, But didn't know until now there is a reward for it.
1	nice turn of phrase from @samsoir &quot;Wakey wakey eggs and bakey! Time for coffee and the back to code!&quot; have fun at  #openhacklondon today
1	@titanite My ex-colleagues from Shaanxi kept boasting of their native noodles. So I'm REALLY curious about Shaanxi food.
1	@PeachiKeen AH! STEPH TWEETS!
1	Had a great time singing karaoke with the fam...good times
1	I'm going to town on these two dinner rolls and some dark chocolate  yummmm
1	Happy Mothers Day people. i love my mom a lot still
1	pretty bummed that it had to rain last nite! oh well  still had fun! Goldfish is highly overrated!
1	Grinding Skyguard rep. This is less awful than I anticipated. Yet, still awful. Last tabard I need
1	@FinIsKing thanx 4 thee follow
1	happy mother's day!
1	add me up: http://profiles.friendster.com/americanidolislove  friendster.
1	@Movin925fm When I heard &quot;No One&quot; from Alicia Keys like, 10 minutes ago? You made my night
1	Going to bed, stores are closed
1	i think i just about have all my info syncing properly between my mac, mobile me, and iphone. yay! finally
1	@MattBovell I think he meant this pic - I don't know what other one he might have seen! But really - this is as hot as it gets
1	GOODNiGHT...HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MAMi'S ON TWiTTER
1	Up and breakfasted, about to jump in shower then heading off to the land of the black pudding for playoff part 2
1	@PaintByWord, word!?
1	according to mary chaayaa, i look like a sexy emo in my dp  i not emo.
1	So fresh n clean
1	Obama's Speech at the Correspondents Association - He has promised to complete his next 100 days in 72  http://tinyurl.com/qmu8mk
1	The night is still young ;) &lt;3
1	@CPE24 I was waiting on him to tell me what he want
1	@pane2 Really! No even a little bit of #pane
1	just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::
1	@nicaliciousx hale yeahhh that's the coolest part about it ;) hahaha. And I can match grieco!
1	@7thscreen Damn! First Yes, than Frank Zappa...
1	Actual wiki entry &quot;The Million Dollar Homepage&quot; made me just shake my head due to the fact that ... sometimes...somtimes things just work
1	oh about you lol sorry my minds always on you
1	@Alexxstar wow thot we'd lost ya lol lol
1	@SFOBear Goodnight!!!!!!
1	@yuyaymimi Okay, make sure he's alright kk? Cuidalo. Let him know he's a got friend in us aha..
1	@tomricci And how!  It's already been 1 year, it'll be WWDC 2010 before you know it.
1	surprisingly had a wonderful day
1	Happy Mother's Day to all you tweeting mothers
1	sweet situations.
1	@jamie_oliver No Happy Mums day for the Mums, only the guys????
1	@baconvodka Alternate name for a &quot;Bacon Mary&quot;... A &quot;Bloody Piggy!&quot; ;) (I have to give my boyfriend credit for that idea!)
1	Amazing night at the drive in
1	@MarkMayhew True - to each his own  I would let my sis do what she wanted. Work or I'd help her. Up to her, really.
1	@gulersem Kazim Kazim  i didn't know that name )))
1	#web20 .#prologue - Modern Liberalism, Misconstrued (2nd 1/2 of Bible  -- &quot;Christ -- without the Crucifiction&quot;  Abstraction w/o 'Skin'
1	Yippee! Happy birthday to me
1	@shawnemerriman go to vegas, but don't spend all ur money!!!!
1	@PumpkinPeazy Aww Thank u hun i cant believe ah  i will send you when i look pc =D cuz im login from mobile.i will send you,dear friend ^
1	@zelciia weird. I tot it will usually rain east coast first. And east coast usually gets more rain.
1	Just finishing shooting, can u believe it, but got the job done
1	@jason_2008 thanks  there's a men's version in June. It's very popular.
1	hello twittttty world! how do you do?
1	ouch i have a headache. but i am in a ridiculously good mood
1	And they are so censoring over at nin.com, nobody can really speculate about these things are disagree with anything
1	Loves when hard work pays off. Yay for being nominated for the National Society of Collegiate Scholars!! Wow!!
1	Finally back in bed with my puppies after a LONG week in Jamaica. loved it, but lve to be home too!! Night
1	Something strange in the air lately. Been setting everyone on edge. Going to do a good smudging of the house. Good to do those anyway
1	@michellem You have DSL? Welcome to 2009!
1	Hi tweete, surprised to see everyone still up...maybe it's the full moon
1	@Dnldub Hey! I am back.  Been listening to retrorewind.  How you do always know everything.
1	@vobes Sounds a bit Alan Partridge  A-ha! (Good morning, by the way)
1	addict to &quot;long time gone&quot;
1	@slicedlime That your blog? - didn't realize I was following the blogger on my RSS feed! Great idea btw
1	@jo_locanawan: sure! Of course i'll pray for her too. Thank you, jo  send my warm regards to ur mom.: @jo_loc... http://bit.ly/Beih5
1	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!
1	Happy mother's day to all the mom's! Love you mom
1	stood for 4 hours in heels. all for looks and to b able to look over tall people.
1	Back after a tea and a blog post. A few more awake I see - good morning
1	@mousebudden ten update away from 2000 whooo hoooo budden!
1	just now i know how twitter exactly work
1	@megspptc Okay will work on that too but please remind me again
1	@poptrashmusic How's your dog?
1	@misterchun tts ridiculously sweet of you
1	@daNanner Hi there! Nice to meet you
1	@tourscotland Enjoy - we know you will
1	@boilerfan_98 Damn, that's my favorite part...lol...ok, i'll just keep in stock alot then
1	Happy Mothers Day Mommy!!! I love you &amp;&amp; your the best...
1	hey twitter  hows it going? let us know how your day is going
1	If there is one thing the Internet has taught me, is that if I get enough people to listen to me I get to be on The colbert report.  #USA
1	second song is coming along nicley
1	I quite enjoy this Lady Gaga person. She's of Italian heritage, apparently.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3co
1	@XKirstyxo Really? A good distraction now. I'll check it right. now.
1	@ALLyannaaa oh thas cool  you know, I only kinda knew bouts you cuz of Ericson haha when you guys were together x)
1	Sexxxy tiiiiiimmmmmmeee!...whatever that means.
1	@hanastephenson I'm good! thx.  and how are u? what are u doing?
1	Wow - the dude said I was better than Bobbi Lewis.. never heard the guy - but I take that as a compliment  (just read the BL web site)
1	@krazyfrog I got me to watch it.  Recommend some other kickass shows too. Phast!
1	@andmegansaid &lt;&lt;&lt; Just like in HIMYM
1	@kenma321 of course!  i love 24 hr donut shops! he he -yours truly -
1	Just saw Star Trek with the boo.. Now off to bed! Never again will I go to a Vallejo theater. hAppy mOthErs dAy to all!! I love my mommy
1	@SummerSeaweeds Wow that's very Buddhist o_O HOORAY JEWS
1	thursday night was amazing taylor swift gave me one of her braclets
1	@leona_y time really flies my frd..how's you love-hunting mission going? abt time to bring the sexy &quot;yu yung&quot; jacket out
1	Hella wow .  no doubt .
1	@Yorksville ...Yawn is it that time already!
1	@MariSmith last week @crozfromoz and I interviewed @waynemansfield and we told him you are the FB queen! Glad to see you both connected
1	@slessard thank u, thank u, thank u for everything this weekend!! U guys are AMAZING. I'll see u again at alpine! Thx for chattin w us 2!
1	I somehow miss you.
1	surprisingly liked Star Trek (contrary to the theory that star wars fans are anti trekkies)
1	@Ryan_Robert ha that was ages ago!  youre in LA right? the weather is much better there...
1	@dagadong  do you remember them all.... do not take that as a challenge to!
1	@QuiMo You know I love me some Jordie...but that is not the best version of CG, admit it....lol...
1	wonderful Gerrard scores 2 and we're at the top of the league for the moment.. Hopefully City helps us today..
1	@torilovesbradie aww bradie loves perth  I love the ad at the top of his page too lol xx
1	off to my cousins confirmation + confirmation party
1	@trixchasin suh-weet! perfect timing.
1	@alannahclaire my your rather random.
1	@chichic Charlie Brown  What are you doing today? What time is it??
1	@alyssa905 Ooh, there you are, haha. Thanks, posted it!
1	MY UNCLE BRUCE MORROW WAS JUST ON THE NEWS!
1	work was splendid
1	is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here's my profile http://is.gd/yopo
1	had the best mother's day! breakfast, shopping and lunch, drinks, chocolate galore!
1	Having dinner with my grandma since I couldn't be with my mum.
1	@LoN_Colossus Lol, cheers 'mate'. Yeah it went well thanks
1	jfc, it needs to be the 23rd. i will have been graduated, and i ended up getting AWESOME hook-ups for FTSK and Rocket. so excited!
1	Mmmm, shower.
1	Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
1	@MelanieFinance thanks, I found it already
1	@niksterz  Get Up, You are NOT old!  What did you do?! =O
1	To Lisa: Yes I know who ur talking about and yes he is an ass. Dont let him get to ya...you have a great thing going with this chris
1	@sanjana_58 great.. My best wishes for great future of the site..
1	Happy Mums Day This is Nelly's shout out   http://skitch.com/t/tac
1	@AubreyODay wut u want a shot of ma?
1	@Kirsty_H_99 LOL - Hiya - alls good  Ben has a superb day yesterday by the looks of it - well chuffed
1	@themishi Wanna come to Mifune tomorrow? Impromptu #Tweetup , 11am
1	It's the final count down to bigger hair people   ? http://blip.fm/~5z4uq
1	Pizza arrived but driver didn't have change for a $50, guess thats why they deliver Pizza, too stupid to give change. Still got Pizza
1	I am in a middle of a industrial estate in pirate ffancy dress,ready to do a 7 mile walk
1	@talkaboutluck oh haha thanks again! that's something new!
1	@ScylisSynaptic NO WAY MAN! i like 21 year olds
1	Watchin' JONAS
1	@Geetwity (RE:&quot;your joint w/ @Traxamillion408 is crazy!!&quot;) Thx    Hey Trax heard a 49er rear ended you??
1	@RastaBeanZ yes sir i sure did.
1	googled mothers day, PHEW, US &amp; UK have different dates! Learn something new every day
1	wow this morning 8.15 hrs ding dong breakfastservice, was a surprise of Marjoleine, Guido and Dirk for mothersday.Mother hapy, father too
1	@mwakeham oh ok cool will get back to you on that
1	@spmwinkel Didn't realize you were that young! Advanced Happy Birthday Stefan. MTFBWY... Always!
1	@taufiqz LOL. You know me. I aim to please.
1	A girl in my big hair rock today, black velvet baby  ? http://blip.fm/~5z50g
1	@mschiefmaker Thanks madam.. you're lucky coz you had a wonderful dog.. and sooo cute...
1	just got back from seeing Star Strek
1	@HeatherAnnP Yayyy
1	WOOT! favourtie, well second favourite episode just came on TOW ross and rachel ... you know
1	@sarahmarina mmm hmmm and big big bro too! I have a crush on David Knight.
1	some of my new followers are pretty cool peeps; check 'em out.
1	I love @therealsavannah! Thank you SO much for saying &quot;hi to Jenn &amp; Laura&quot; yesterday in Arcadia! My friend Shannon surprised me w/the vid
1	@nicnicole nah i followed them first then they followed me. i think 12-306 overnight is pretty good
1	dice watching Heroes again.  http://plurk.com/p/svhvh
1	@karmadillo You are very, very good. Why didn't I think of that?
1	Join the biggest and bestest group on facebook  http://bit.ly/cDrbt
1	@xxlaurenbeexx thanks  have fun at work lol xxx
1	&quot;somebody calls you, and you answer quite slowly, a girl with kaleidoscope eyes&quot;     yeah, im normal.
1	@Lanulahbelle thankfully, no  why are you still up??
1	mmmmm my hair smells guuud.  the wonders of &quot;pantien&quot; ;D
1	@ALOliver i bet they did  some people have no ideia or standards  have a lovely time the pair of you
1	@jalenrose Cavs has the easier route than Denver.
1	@BB517 Well I will send out an email and you all can pick your fave cake and ice cream flavor  and the &quot;cup&quot; part is belgian chocolate
1	@anjelfich yay! You're on twitter!
1	Found controls for left hand people like me on twitterrific. Excellent
1	@Maxsy seriously?? link plzz
1	First surprise birthday ever, best night I've had in a damn long time!
1	Ooopps over slept. Is it really 10am? Best get up then and get my shizzle in gear
1	had the BEST Italian meal EVER last night! twas godly! i thinks we may get our kitty cat today
1	Just came back from my first city rooftop party  Man, even when you're next to THE New Yorker Bldg, it still gets pretty windy up there.
1	@AnOldMasterJukz You're welcome
1	@MSNEWYORKER26 wow cute Pic
1	I finally went and found some of the songs we sang in church in Wellington online. Was easier than expected - yay Google!  #fb
1	@emmacrook Not going to dwell on it. It happened, it's passed. Just a shame as he was so supportive! Such is life!  x
1	@TeamCyrus morning  how are you?
1	@Matthew_cowan oh cool!  I'm gonna crash and sleep. I have been like 40 some hours working lol
1	Bread in the oven, room cleaned... almost done with the things on the list for today
1	@ebrown2112 LoL that's from last winter (only a few months ago December) I'm in Seattle, felt like Siberia this last winter
1	@studioyourcom on 14th of may we exist 5 years!
1	@slinqui - Aw, well I'm glad to hear you're okay. Try a hot bath or a cup of tea maybe to calm you down. I worry about you!
1	Watching Battlestar Galactica Season 1...Yeah you read it right!
1	@djbrandigarcia we got Watts, Chingo Bling, The Chile.. can't do this thang without BGeezy, we need u on the show!   http://bit.ly/12R3c3
1	@kyan_onefm on air celebrating? ur mum is there? Not working la. Starbucks alone. My mum is in hometown. So had a delay till next week
1	@joshboulton Yeah I guess he does sound a bit odd 'cause he's saying really quickly
1	aw 82 - 90. only 8 points &amp; we kicked 4 behinds to their 18 .. we're getting better and better each week!
1	For @Claire_inLaPush because she misses Quil so...  Far Away ~Nickleback ? http://blip.fm/~5z639
1	@Reptar01 what do you mean it sit funny? I like the way it looks!!!  and I took the other part of the nail off. It didn't hurt that time!
1	@blackmantra yes indeed!  nice to see you on twitter! Why do you ask? xx
1	@PerezHilton it looks like you have a lot of fun with lady gaga
1	@TiffanyDow well I hovered over the button LOL NOT - sleep well Tiff and you are welcome
1	@BrianMcnugget Yay! Lets welcome Mrs Mcnugget to twitterverse!
1	@LMangueArt Yeah, Sabrina..though I keep thinking it's something else.  Cary Grant ain't too shabby either. Bringing up Baby
1	@LittlestarRed Oh you understand French?  Well, maybe I exxagerated it a little bit lol but they all want at least 1/2 years of exp. :-/
1	http://twitpic.com/4wry2 - look, @camathome, the rosemary in my back garden, in CameraBag's &quot;Lolo&quot; mode
1	@Gedankensturm Thank you  How's your daughter? And by the way, how did you get 1017 followers? :O
1	@ArianneFTSK you finally watched he's just not that into you arizzard  justin long is sexy isn't he! i told ya
1	Hello Twitters
1	@bradiewebbstack bit excited are u bradie lol
1	@ohmyjooo why did Ate Maita give you a message?  *curious* xD )) BTW,nice polaroid shot! ;;) from polaroid.net...? xD
1	@jakeyboy26 cool, i'm glad you had a good time.  x
1	@lesley007 morning sweetie, you cool?  xxx
1	@t0mf Not really stuck on F1.. but as the weather is here today I might just stay in and watch it.
1	But caught Bullet Boys, Trixter (Pete was great), LA Guns AND Kix (who stole the show). Hung out backstage like a real rock and roller.
1	Morrningg  just slept for 12 hours and now i have a headache D;
1	@shezDOPEx3 Hey u  Whatchu up too? Isn't it past your bed time?
1	@ABIBAN where you ladies off to?
1	@simonpeggster Hi Simon, I'm new to this too - but just thought I'd tell you Jimmy Carr has tweeted that you make the Star Trek movie.
1	Cheers Tony!!!! Btw notice no swear words in my tweets!
1	@JasonBradbury for sure  ...suprisingly addictive tho, i only just signed up after months of trying to resist.
1	@jsrobertojr uh-oh...you're creeping up on my 4th spot! hahaha.
1	@spoonerist Oooh! goodluck for the rest of them
1	@mr_billiam whoa..you're fast. Check it out I've submitted my comment . Oh, and thanks!
1	where r all the 5am tweets from @oakleafchurch people...oh that's right...they opened the #houseofrock last night so they're still in bed
1	OMG - Madness Just Came On The Radio
1	@JasonBradbury mmmmm you have someone on the inside ? or are you being brlliant again
1	Should I say goodnight or good morning?
1	hmmm i neeeddd foooddd  nd is looking forward 2 playing with the puppy 2 day nd seeing lewishhh
1	@bunnyc saw it too..hmmm, she's sexy, nice twins
1	@UniqueGuitarist ment to be doing hw but not going to happen!!! Ill pray for tia!  Rose is in the shower so sh.. http://bit.ly/VMv6U
1	@phon Or should I say, ROL!
1	@gfalcone601  im sooo excited!!
1	He hated my writing, so I made him my academic adviser.
1	@tinchystryder I'm going big weekend  cant wait to see u! x
1	@curiousmike Maybe until Wednesday?
1	I have just read up on lactose stuff and I CAN EAT HARD CHEESE!!! There is no lactose in it!!! *Jumps of Joy this rainy day* YAY!!!!
1	@DrRus You too, Rus!
1	@Hatz94Music HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!  Tell ur mom that's she an awesome madre &amp; such a great example to the Archuleta familia!!
1	? American Pie FOREVER. I'm watching it right now. They're running naked around on the Streets! Would you do that? I would  [ NOT ]
1	@SerbIaNGoDdesS Hmm Ok next time i see you il just get you to explain to me the whole process  haha
1	@Patty_B You didn't see everyone going on about it on Facebook about 3 months ago?
1	William@sharon_williams I have the mike and everything if that is what you mean  This is all so new to me lol
1	@LydiaStack yeah exactly the fans overpower the haters anyday u know wat do wat u wnt i dnt even care anymore i know the truth about them
1	is hopeful!
1	Me just sign up Twitter...
1	@katieinthehat The one and the same! Should be a good gig
1	Just got home  interesting night
1	@alancarolino whaaaat?! New section to La Cantera?? That has #UrbanOutfitters?! OH MAN I'm stoked to get back to Texas
1	home from STING..crunk (of course)..long ass day N nite..also, visited my boy Rob V..all is good..happy mother's day!!..word to yo mutha
1	Off to go B&amp;Q for new outdoor furniture
1	@bradiewebbstack Bradiee  may I ask why your picture is a cat?? haha ily xx
1	Happy Mother's Day to all the American mamas!
1	meet the robbinsons! best movie ever
1	@__Parasite__ haha im always turned off by coontails...so it kinda kills me XD i like the spikes though
1	@_sarahwilson_ Absolutely love your hair and outfit in tonight's ep
1	had an amazing time dancing to DJ Dan at Ruby Skye tonight. And I'm still looking for that roommate in SF if you know anybody!
1	@duskyblueskies I am pretty sure that's the sort if tweeting that will lose followers. But stuff it- it was well worth it
1	Awake. And my head hurts. Which probably means last night was a good one
1	@jmlares Awake. Suprisingly. Couldn't get to sleep last night so gave up and pulled an all-nighter.  How are you?
1	@vanwau Ooh really?!! Well you know you're always welcome!!
1	Methinks it's time to read A Doll's House + Streetcar and get some quotes, and then PHYSICS!
1	@bowrainbow at Le mont's door ..it's closed maybe they are too rich  passed pairung as well
1	@Lindsayslifee goodmornin  as soon as i saw ur pic, it reminded me how embarresing it was yesterday. with oliver&amp;peter. it was fun tho xD
1	Is eating BBQ Jalapeno Torta Subway from Los Chaparros right next door..
1	i had a new friend who called himself shame.
1	@tferriss That's very funny.  Cute kids.
1	@hihat7 Go to main settings page for iPhone and scroll down - you will see it
1	@Beautiful515  thats awesome!
1	glad I wore my black rats and a flowy shirt im so full from my dozen mixed oystsers seafood platter and death by chocolate
1	just found out that i'm a robot
1	Just read a book called &quot;Gamer Girl&quot; and it wasn't too bad.
1	@DebbieFletcher If you come to a gig in Dublin you can be my dancing partner.  whatcha think? Hehe xxx
1	@simonusher a bit too early for me and wanting to have nice lunch too... have a good time
1	walking the dog on horseforth park, no hangover on a Sunday morning, yay!!
1	Rove  going to be cut short though to wash my hair so I can watch Family Guy and Harpers Island
1	@officialdrake Pfft. FAN THIS *helicopters imaginary penis* ....  HI DRAKE! WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD!!!
1	@Brandesme No this is not redirects, this is just updating posts on our website massage.dk .. next item =&gt; publish, next item =&gt; pulish
1	@junoluvsu OMG that's right HAHAHA I'm Stupid
1	18.42 recalling the events of a great wk/end - Star Trek movie is fantastic, Zach Quinto is hot! Study, shopping&amp;dinner, life is perfect
1	Keep forgetting we only need to revise one topic for the 116 exam! It's a nice surprise every time I remember though
1	@llJessicall What did you get?  My day is alright.. haven't done anything yet. leaving soon to my stepsister though!
1	@ksymmonds @lcaller Sorry to have missed it. Yes, I'm a lazy bastard  Up, but still not dressed
1	@PsychicRadio Thabks! This made me feel very special!
1	Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  http://rly.cc/JNFwN
1	@familyguyonline thanks for following !
1	@andistancu Un mesaj de eroare: ForbiddenYou don't have permission to access /photo/3180758.jpg on this server. Am ghicit?
1	Yesterday was the 1 year anniversary of the best day ever! YAY MCR!!!!
1	has finally started his serious revision - has just completed an english BG mock
1	@thebeaddoodler You are welcome  I love cute stuff!
1	omg! i didnt even know my friend knew @ijustine !!! lol its a small world
1	Just woke up and catching up on the nightly tweets!!
1	Happy Mother's Day!  @&gt;---&gt;---&gt;--- A rose for YOU!
1	Chillaxing in Hyde park
1	@ashsimpsonwentz http://twitpic.com/2sw4v - i love BOTH your hairsss
1	@rhettroberts I taped them when I was still at school! They look pretty retro now, but the theme song is still recognisable
1	twitwoo! i can tweet from my phone
1	@MacQuid Oh really?!
1	@ethmet Hello  ...hehe yup we sure do ...lovely to 'see' you xx
1	Sensation Ocean of White Portugal: absolutely amazing  Adoreiii!
1	@MissxMarisa Then I guess that makes me Dot?
1	@TwistedHelen her son is 7 and captured it outside...THANK GOD I HAVE A LITTLE GIRL
1	OMG!!! am luat examenul la SPSS! Me so happy!
1	@Rove1974 anychance you can get matthew to give a shout out to my mum Sarah for mothers day! we saw &quot;Ghosts from girlfriends past today&quot;
1	@MancunianLee Oh aye.....he rocks, shes horny
1	today was interesting...
1	@BuddingGenius you dont say
1	@prinsezha awesome. Wha'dya get her?
1	@iscreamshinki Oh that's why.
1	Oh, how his heart did beat!
1	"Ah!" there sat the dog, with the eyes as large as teacups, staring at him.
1	Good gracious, what a quantity of gold there was! enough to buy all the sugar-sticks of the sweet-stuff women; all the tin soldiers, whips, and rocking-horses in the world, or even the whole town itself There was, indeed, an immense quantity.
1	The soldier immediately cut off her head, and there she lay on the ground.
1	He found the tinder-box, but no sooner had he struck a few sparks from the flint and steel, than the door flew open and the dog with eyes as big as teacups, whom he had seen while down in the tree, stood before him, and said, "What orders, master?"
1	The dog disappeared instantly, and before the soldier could even look round, he returned with the princess.
1	Then the dog ran back with the princess; but in the morning, while at breakfast with the king and queen, she told them what a singular dream she had had during the night, of a dog and a soldier, that she had ridden on the dog's back, and been kissed by the soldier.
1	"And here is one, and there is another!" they all exclaimed; for there were crosses on all the doors in every direction.
1	Therefore in the morning the king and queen found out where their daughter had been, and the soldier was taken up and put in prison.
1	And the willow-tree nodded his head, as if he would say, "Indeed I do."
1	Then the sparrows asked why he was weeping, when all around him seemed so cheerful.
1	Do you not smell the sweet perfume from flower and bush?
1	Wherefore do you weep, old willow-tree?"
1	I declare you have put on your Sunday clothes!"
1	"My word!
1	"It is dreadfully hot here!" observed the first brother.
1	"Baa!" there he stood like a baa-lamb.
1	"Baa!"
1	"It is terribly warm here!" he observed.
1	"Well, it's most abominably hot here."
1	"A difference!" cried the sunbeam, as he kissed the blooming apple-branch, and then kissed the yellow dandelion out in the fields.
1	"Help! help!" exclaimed the young ladies, but there was no danger, for they quickly extinguished the fire.
1	"What does this mean?" thought the tree, "what am I to do here?
1	I can hear nothing in a place like this," and he had time enough to think, for days and nights passed and no one came near him, and when at last somebody did come, it was only to put away large boxes in a corner.
1	She lay on the sofa asleep, and she was so beautiful that the merchant's son could not help kissing her.
1	"'Yes; well in my youth, I lived in a quiet family, where the furniture was polished, the floors scoured, and clean curtains put up every fortnight,' "'What an interesting way you have of relating a story,' said the carpet-broom; 'it is easy to perceive that you have been a great deal in women's society, there is something so pure runs through what you say.'
1	It had disappeared!
1	A spark from the fireworks which remained had set it on fire; it was burnt to ashes!
1	"Engaged!" cried the shirt collar, "now there is no one left to propose to;" and then he pretended to despise all love-making.
1	No, the yard cock is really a cock!
1	"Garden plant!" he said to the cucumber, and in that one word his deep learning showed itself, and it forgot that he was pecking at her and eating it up.
1	"Better to crow than to be puffed up and break off!
1	You are a clever man; and a practical man; but you understand no more about poetry than that cask yonder."
1	But how light the room was!
1	The little goblin had never imagined, much less seen or heard of, any sight so glorious as this.
1	Soon after, in the middle of the night, the goblin was awoke by a terrible noise and knocking against the window shutters and the house doors, and by the sound of the watchman's horn; for a great fire had broken out, and the whole street appeared full of flames.
1	"High-born!" said the darning-needle, "no indeed, but so haughty.
1	"Hallo!" cried one, as he pricked himself with the darning-needle, "here's a fellow for you."
1	"Good heavens, how it crushes!" said the darning-needle.
1	One night, while she lay in her pretty bed, a large, ugly, wet toad crept through a broken pane of glass in the window, and leaped right upon the table where Tiny lay sleeping under her rose-leaf quilt.
1	"What a pretty little wife this would make for my son, said the toad, and she took up the walnut-shell in which little Tiny lay asleep, and jumped through the window with it into the garden.
1	Presently a large cockchafer flew by; the moment he caught sight of her, he seized her round her delicate waist with his claws, and flew with her into a tree.
1	After a time, all the cockchafers turned up their feelers, and said, "She has only two legs! how ugly that looks."
1	Then she laid her head on the bird's breast, but she was alarmed immediately, for it seemed as if something inside the bird went "thump, thump."
1	It was the bird's heart; he was not really dead, only benumbed with the cold, and the warmth had restored him to life.
1	"Tweet, tweet," sounded over her head suddenly.
1	She looked up, and there was the swallow himself flying close by.
1	But how surprised she was to see in the middle of the flower, a tiny little man, as white and transparent as if he had been made of crystal!
1	How that great red thing up there is staring at me!"
1	The Snow Man felt quite a strange sensation come over him; it was very odd, he knew not what it meant, and he could not account for it.
1	"What a strange crackling I feel within me," he said.
1	I must go in there and lean against her, even if I have to break the window."
1	"You must never go in there," said the yard-dog, "for if you approach the stove, you'll melt away, away."
1	"Why, there's the shovel that is used for cleaning out the stove, fastened to the pole."
1	But when he came to the words, "the nightingale is the most beautiful of all," he exclaimed, "What is this?
1	"Is it possible?" said the lord-in-waiting, "I never imagined it would be a little, plain, simple thing like that.
1	It is surprising that we have never heard this before; she will be a great success at court."
1	Round its neck hung a piece of ribbon, on which was written "The Emperor of China's nightingale is poor compared with that of the Emperor of Japan's."
1	And after this the real nightingale was banished from the empire, and the artificial bird placed on a silk cushion close to the emperor's bed.
1	Then a spring cracked.
1	The emperor immediately sprang out of bed, and called for his physician; but what could he do?
1	The poor emperor, finding he could scarcely breathe with a strange weight on his chest, opened his eyes, and saw Death sitting there.
1	The servants now came in to look after the dead emperor; when, lo! there he stood, and, to their astonishment, said, "Good morning."
1	"Yes, if stories came by themselves; they are so proud, they only come when they please.- But wait," he said suddenly, "there is one.
1	In the midst of the tree sat a kindly-looking old woman with a strange dress; it was as green as the leaves, and trimmed with large white blossoms, so that it was difficult to say whether it was real cloth, or the leaves and blossoms of the elder-tree.
1	The little boy in bed did not know whether he had dreamt it or heard it told; the teapot stood on the table, but no elder-tree was growing out of it, and the old man who had told the story was on the point of leaving the room, and he did go out.
1	It was a terrible night, and in the morning- only think!- nearly all the shields had changed places.
1	Mr. Waistcoat seized the old Pipe-head and put him in his pocket; there he lies, and the Waistcoat says: "'You are in my pocket; you can't come out till you promise to unite me to your daughter Glove on the left.
1	I will tell you what to do, and the botanical professor, who lives close by here, will be so surprised.
1	Then Sophy raised himself, and looked round quite astonished, "There must be a ball here to-night," said Sophy.
1	All the flowers came round her directly, and asked if she had hurt herself, especially those who had lain in her bed.
1	"Can one not persuade them to live in peace and quietness, so that each one may mind his own business?"
1	"What have you there?" asked another old magician, who had no name- and that was the best thing about him.
1	It looked really like a great town reflected there, in which all the people were running about without clothes.
1	"Why, one can see that easily enough," said the other.
1	"Now the good God has taken him to Himself!"
1	"Good Heaven! what's the matter with you?" asked his mother.
1	"He's grown famous!" said the Fire-drum, and all his native town said the same thing, for the drummer's son, Peter with the red hair- Peter whom they had known as a little boy, running about in wooden shoes, and then as a drummer, playing for the dancers- was become famous!
1	Well, one day some people came, who took hold of the flax, and pulled it up by the roots; this was painful; then it was laid in water as if they intended to drown it; and, after that, placed near a fire as if it were to be roasted; all this was very shocking.
1	"Ugh," cried the paper, as it burst into a bright flame; "ugh."
1	Oh, how cold the water is!
1	"Oh, you poor thing; how you do work, standing there in the water!" she exclaimed.
1	"And so he spoke to you in that way, did he, my child?" said the washer-woman, and her lips trembled as she spoke.
1	How much has happened to me from that house!"
1	"Dead!" cried the laundress, turning pale as death.
1	"Is he dead?" she exclaimed.
1	"Dear me, you are ill indeed," said the other woman.
1	"Melancholy! what do you mean?" the little creature would always reply.
1	"Over!" repeated the fly; "what is the meaning of all over?
1	Up through the clouds came the green summits of the forest trees, and beneath him, the oak saw them rising, and growing higher and higher.
1	The root was torn from the ground just at the moment when in his dream he fancied it was being loosened from the earth.
1	He fell- his three hundred and sixty-five years were passed as the single day of the Ephemera.
1	"The tree is down!
1	The old oak,- our landmark on the coast!" exclaimed the sailors.
1	"It must have fallen in the storm of last night.
1	But one day Ib succeeded so well in his carving that he made two pieces of wood look really like two little wooden shoes, and he determined to give them as a present to Little Christina.
1	First they peeped into the basket containing the eels and the sucking-pig; then they must needs pull out the pig and take it in their hands, and feel it, and touch it; and as they both wanted to hold it at the same time, the consequence was that they let it fall into the water, and the pig sailed away with the stream.
1	Here was a terrible disaster.
1	In a few minutes they found themselves deep in a thicket, and could no longer see the boat or the shore.
1	Great quantities of fish could be seen through the clear water, sparkling in the sun's rays; they were quite surprised when they came so suddenly upon such an unexpected sight.
1	Out of the thicket stepped a tall old woman, her face quite brown, and her hair of a deep shining black; the whites of her eyes glittered like a Moor's; on her back she carried a bundle, and in her hand a knotted stick.
1	She drew out of her pocket three large nuts, in which she told them were hidden the most beautiful and lovely things in the world, for they were wishing nuts.
1	"There are ten neckerchiefs in it," she replied, "as well as beautiful dresses, stockings, and a hat and veil."
1	But there was not much kernel to be seen; it was what we should call hollow or worm-eaten, and looked as if it had been filled with tobacco or rich black earth.
1	"It is just what I expected!" exclaimed Ib.
1	One day, in the following spring, there came a knock at the door of the house where Ib's old mother lived; and when they opened it, lo and behold, in stepped the boatman and Christina.
1	But let me think it over."
1	During the two long years which followed, no letter came from Christina to her father; and when at last her father received one from her, it did not speak of prosperity or happiness.
1	He searched, and found a large golden armlet of superior workmanship, and it was evident that the plough had disturbed a Hun's grave.
1	He searched further, and found more valuable treasures, which Ib showed to the clergyman, who explained their value to him.
1	"The best thing," thought Ib; "the very best thing for me,- and found in the earth!
1	The living, breathing embodiment of Little Christina stood before him, just as he remembered her in the days of her childhood.
1	He started as he did so.
1	It was Christina of the heath!
1	"Good heavens!" she exclaimed.
1	And you saw all that with your own eyes?"
1	He placed a pencil sketch on the table; and mamma, who had been over-powered with the appearance of the colored plates, threw a glance at the pale drawing and cried in astonishment, "What, did you see it throw up white fire?"
1	But it was not true; the speaker only wanted to remind him of his name, and to make an APRIL fool of him; for with that fun the fourth generally began his career.
1	You prayed for him, but it was no good, he was to ride until his limbs were paralysed; but you stole down to him, as I steal now to you, you yourself put little stones under each of his feet that he might have support, nobody saw it, or they pretended not to see it, for you were then the young gracious mistress.
1	Years passed; then one day she met the old friend and sweetheart in the street; he looked ill and miserable, and she could not help asking him, "How are you?"
1	PUGGIE DIED!!
1	"Why, you must be out of your senses," cried the farrier.
1	"Golden shoes for you, indeed!"
1	"But why does the horse have golden shoes?" asked the farrier; "of course you understand the reason?"
1	"Understand!
1	"None of them are engaged yet," said their mother, and the beetle maidens tittered again, this time quite in confusion.
1	"I have never seen greater beauties, even in the royal stables," exclaimed the beetle, who was now resting himself.
1	"And there's a poor little creature bound fast in it," said another.
1	"I"ll tell you what, husband," answered the woman, "early tomorrow morning we will take the children out into the forest to where it is the thickest; there we will light a fire for them, and give each of them one more piece of bread, and then we will go to our work and leave them alone.
1	Hansel and Gretel sat by the fire, and when noon came, each ate a little piece of bread, and as they heard the strokes of the wood-axe they believed that their father was near.
1	It was not the axe, however, but a branch which he had fastened to a withered tree which the wind was blowing backwards and forwards.
1	Not long afterwards, there was once more great dearth throughout the land, and the children heard their mother saying at night to their father: "Everything is eaten again, we have one half loaf left, and that is the end.
1	When the moon came they set out, but they found no crumbs, for the many thousands of birds which fly about in the woods and fields had picked them all up.
1	And when its song was over, it spread its wings and flew away before them, and they followed it until they reached a little house, on the roof of which it alighted; and when they approached the little house they saw that it was built of bread and covered with cakes, but that the windows were of clear sugar.
1	Suddenly the door opened, and a woman as old as the hills, who supported herself on crutches, came creeping out.
1	The old woman, however, nodded her head, and said: "Oh, you dear children, who has brought you here? do come in, and stay with me.
1	Then good food was set before them, milk and pancakes, with sugar, apples, and nuts.
1	The old woman had only pretended to be so kind; she was in reality a wicked witch, who lay in wait for children, and had only built the little house of bread in order to entice them there.
1	When a child fell into her power, she killed it, cooked and ate it, and that was a feast day with her.
1	Witches have red eyes, and cannot see far, but they have a keen scent like the beasts, and are aware when human beings draw near.
1	Then she seized Hansel with her shrivelled hand, carried him into a little stable, and locked him in behind a grated door.
1	Hansel, however, stretched out a little bone to her, and the old woman, who had dim eyes, could not see it, and thought it was Hansel"s finger, and was astonished that there was no way of fattening him.
1	Then Gretel gave her a push that drove her far into it, and shut the iron door, and fastened the bolt.
1	And as they had no longer any need to fear her, they went into the witch"s house, and in every corner there stood chests full of pearls and jewels.
1	This had gone on for a long time, when one day the servant, who took away the dish, was overcome with such curiosity that he could not help carrying the dish into his room.
1	He stood on the shore and considered what he should do, when suddenly he saw three fishes come swimming towards him, and they were the very fishes whose lives he had saved.
1	Presently the king"s daughter herself came down into the garden, and was amazed to see that the young man had done the task she had given him.
1	Just as they were about to sit down and eat, there was a knocking outside.
1	It is my husband!" she quickly hid the roast meat inside the tiled stove, the wine under the pillow, the salad on the bed, the cakes under it, and the parson in the closet on the porch.
1	After this the miller saw the skin in which the raven was, lying on the ground, and asked: "What have you there?"
1	"Can he foretell anything to me?" said the miller.
1	"Why not?" answered the peasant: "but he only says four things, and the fifth he keeps to himself."
1	The miller was curious, and said: "Let him foretell something for once."
1	The miller said: "What did he say?"
1	"Bless me!" cried the miller, and went there and found the wine.
1	"Now go on," said he.
1	"Upon my word!" cried the miller, and went thither, and found the roast meat.
1	"That would be a fine thing!" cried the miller, and looked there, and found the cakes.
1	When the peasants heard that, they too wished to enjoy this great profit, and ran home, killed all their cows, and stripped off their skins in order to sell them in the town to the greatest advantage.
1	The others were all obliged to retire to a distance, and when the peasant looked at the priest, he recognized the man who had been with the miller"s wife.
1	The shepherd hearing that, came up to him, and asked: "What are you about?
1	What is it that you will not do?"
1	The shepherd said: "If nothing more than that is needful in order to be mayor, I would get into the barrel at once."
1	Then the peasants were astonished, and said: "Peasant, from whence do you come?
1	Have you come out of the water?"
1	Said the peasants: "Are there any more there?"
1	So they went to the water together, and just then there were some of the small fleecy clouds in the blue sky, which are called little lambs, and they were reflected in the water, whereupon the peasants cried: "We already see the sheep down below!"
1	The mayor pressed forward and said: "I will go down first, and look about me, and if things promise well I"ll call you."
1	Then the two other sisters also ate some of the apple, whereupon all three sank deep down into the earth, where they could hear no cock crow.
1	When mid-day came, the King wished to call them to come to dinner, but they were nowhere to be found.
1	The huntsman was about to do so and stooped, on which the mannikin took a stick, seized him by the hair, and gave him a good beating.
1	When the princesses saw him they fainted.
1	When the gnat had heard that, she flew away again, and revealed everything, down to the minutest detail, to the willow-wren.
1	She ran to the window, to see if the master was not coming with his guest, but she saw no one, and went back to the fowls and thought: "One of the wings is burning!
1	It suddenly occurred to her: "Who knows?
1	"Why, Gretel?
1	What do you mean by that?"
1	"Oh, yes," said the doctor, "that is soon managed."
1	The sun was setting fast, and already half of its circle had sunk behind the hill: Jorindel on a sudden looked behind him, and saw through the bushes that they had, without knowing it, sat down close under the old walls of the castle.
1	Jorindel turned to see the reason, and beheld his Jorinda changed into a nightingale, so that her song ended with a mournful /jug, jug/.
1	On a sudden Jorindel found himself free.
1	At last he dreamt one night that he found a beautiful purple flower, and that in the middle of it lay a costly pearl; and he dreamt that he plucked the flower, and went with it in his hand into the castle, and that everything he touched with it was disenchanted, and that there he found his Jorinda again.
1	He walked nearer than a hundred paces to it, and yet he did not become fixed as before, but found that he could go quite close up to the door.
1	Then he touched the door with the flower, and it sprang open; so that he went in through the court, and listened when he heard so many birds singing.
1	She stayed there awhile, and looked at everything in amazement; then she touched the light a little with her finger, and her finger became quite golden.
1	When he had at last forced his way through, he saw a wonderfully beautiful maiden sitting under the tree; and she sat there and was entirely covered with her golden hair down to her very feet.
1	He stood still and looked at her full of surprise, then he spoke to her and said, "Who art thou?
1	He was very much astonished, and called his wife and said to her, "Tell me, what can have happened?
1	Directly he had said the words, down the horse fell on the ground, and there it lay dead and never moved again.
1	And as the last word was spoken, the saddle disappeared from his back, and he saw that his second wish had been fulfilled.
1	"What makes you pant so, my friend?" said the ass.
1	"Pray, my good lady," said the ass, "what"s the matter with you?
1	You look quite out of spirits!"
1	In doing this, he saw afar off something bright and shining and calling to his companions said, "There must be a house no great way off, for I see a light."
1	"If that be the case," said the ass, "we had better change our quarters, for our lodging is not the best in the world!"
1	The ass brayed, the dog barked, the cat mewed, and the cock screamed; and then they all broke through the window at once, and came tumbling into the room, amongst the broken glass, with a most hideous clatter!
1	"Stay here, thou wilt be of no use out there, besides thou mightest get lost!"
1	"Truly I am your son; allow me to do your work, I can plough as well as you, nay better."
1	When the countryman saw so much money, he said, "I will agree to your proposal."
1	Then the judge sent out his officers to bring up the accused wherever they should find him; and he was soon caught and brought up to be tried.
1	Then the little cock took the water to the hen, but when he got there the hen had choked in the meantime, and lay there dead and motionless.
1	But when the six mice came to the bridge, the straw slipped and fell into the water, and the six mice all fell in and were drowned.
1	Then the cock drew the carriage himself, but when he got it over and reached the other shore with the dead hen, and was about to draw over the others who were sitting behind as well, there were too many of them, the carriage ran back, and they all fell into the water together, and were drowned.
1	When she was twelve years old, the enchantress shut her into a tower, which lay in a forest, and had neither stairs nor door, but quite at the top was a little window.
1	"If that is the ladder by which one mounts, I too will try my fortune," said he, and the next day when it began to grow dark, he went to the tower and cried:
1	The enchantress remarked nothing of this, until once Rapunzel said to her: "Tell me, Dame Gothel, how it happens that you are so much heavier for me to draw up than the young king"s son--he is with me in a moment."
1	Scarcely were the words out of her mouth, when the child in her arms was turned into a raven, and flew away from her through the open window.
1	"What am I to do?" he asked.
1	When he came to the house and went inside, the old woman met him, and said, "Poor man! how tired you are!
1	Suddenly a feeling of fatigue came over him, and unable to resist it, he lay down for a little while, fully determined, however, to keep awake; but in another minute his eyes closed of their own accord, and he fell into such a deep sleep, that all the noises in the world would not have awakened him.
1	At last, overcome by her persistent entreaties that he would take something, he lifted the glass and drank again.
1	The following day the old woman said to him, "What is this?
1	Again the next day he pursued his way through the forest, and that evening, thinking to rest again, he lay down as before, but he heard such a howling and wailing that he found it impossible to sleep.
1	He waited till it was darker and people had begun to light up their houses, and then seeing a little glimmer ahead of him, he went towards it.
1	He found that the light came from a house which looked smaller than it really was, from the contrast of its height with that of an immense giant who stood in front of it.
1	"I have two hours to spare," said the giant, "and I will carry you into the neighbourhood of the castle; I must then return to look after the child who is in our care."
1	He found it situated, however, on a glass mountain, and looking up from the foot he saw the enchanted maiden drive round her castle and then go inside.
1	A third time he called out, "God be with you," and then thinking he should like to know the cause of dispute between the three men, he went out and asked them why they were fighting so angrily with one another.
1	On hearing this, the man said, "I will give you something in exchange for those three things; not money, for that I have not got, but something that is of far more value.
1	When the smoke had circled about the cavern, suddenly a little black dwarf stood before him, and said: "Lord, what are your commands?"
1	"What my commands are?" replied the soldier, quite astonished.
1	Thereupon he vanished from his sight.
1	And now loaded with chains, he was standing at the window of his dungeon, when he chanced to see one of his comrades passing by.
1	The soldier tapped at the pane of glass, and when this man came up, said to him: "Be so kind as to fetch me the small bundle I have left lying in the inn, and I will give you a ducat for doing it."
1	In the morning after he had said his prayers, he sat himself down to his work; when, to his great wonder, there stood the shoes all ready made, upon the table.
1	The good man knew not what to say or think at such an odd thing happening.
1	As soon as it was midnight, there came in two little naked dwarfs; and they sat themselves upon the shoemaker"s bench, took up all the work that was cut out, and began to ply with their little fingers, stitching and rapping and tapping away at such a rate, that the shoemaker was all wonder, and could not take his eyes off them.
1	But the arrow did the bird no harm; only it dropped a golden feather from its tail, and then flew away.
1	Before the castle gate all was as the fox had said: so the son went in and found the chamber where the golden bird hung in a wooden cage, and below stood the golden cage, and the three golden apples that had been lost were lying close by it.
1	But the bird set up such a loud scream that all the soldiers awoke, and they took him prisoner and carried him before the king.
1	As he took up the golden saddle the groom awoke and cried out so loud, that all the guards ran in and took him prisoner, and in the morning he was again brought before the court to be judged, and was sentenced to die.
1	Then the fox came, and said, "Pray kill me, and cut off my head and my feet."
1	So he said, "Yes," and forgot the fox"s counsel, and sat down on the side of the river; and while he suspected nothing, they came behind, and threw him down the bank, and took the princess, the horse, and the bird, and went home to the king their master, and said.
1	"Where are thy brothers?" asked the King.
1	"What does he look like, my dear?"
1	He looked around on every side and exclaimed, "Oh, heavens, where am I?"
1	"Well, this is a wonderful cat!" thought Hans, "but I am determined to see if she is telling the truth."
1	And a magnificent princess alighted from the coach and went into the mill, and this princess was the little tabby-cat whom poor Hans had served for seven years.
1	So she ordered the servant to bring the seventh horse, and when the miller saw it, he said that such a horse as that had never yet entered his yard.
1	For a long time she did not know that she had ever had any brothers; for her father and mother took care not to speak of them before her: but one day by chance she heard the people about her speak of them.
1	As they were rowing over the lake, the prince who was in the boat with the youngest princess and the soldier said, "I do not know why it is, but though I am rowing with all my might we do not get on so fast as usual, and I am quite tired: the boat seems very heavy today."
1	"Is Mrs Fox not at home?"
1	Mrs Fox asked: "Has the gentleman red stockings on, and has he a pointed mouth?"
1	Then Mrs Fox said: "Has the gentleman red stockings on, and has a little pointed mouth?"
1	Then he saw the ring which he had given to his first bride, and when he looked in her face he recognized her.
1	"Ah!" said Hans aloud, "what a fine thing it is to ride on horseback!
1	Away went the horse full gallop; and before Hans knew what he was about, he was thrown off, and lay on his back by the road-side.
1	Hans had not thought of looking to that.
1	While he was trying his luck in milking, and managing the matter very clumsily, the uneasy beast began to think him very troublesome; and at last gave him such a kick on the head as knocked him down; and there he lay a long while senseless.
1	"What is the matter with you, my man?" said the butcher, as he helped him up.
1	Then the butcher gave him a flask of ale, saying, "There, drink and refresh yourself; your cow will give you no milk: don"t you see she is an old beast, good for nothing but the slaughter-house?"
1	"And where did you get the pig?"
1	"Very true: but how is that to be managed?"
1	So he laid the stone carefully by his side on the bank: but, as he stooped down to drink, he forgot it, pushed it a little, and down it rolled, plump into the stream.
1	Then the straw began and said: "Dear friends, from whence do you come here?"
1	The bean, who had prudently stayed behind on the shore, could not but laugh at the event, was unable to stop, and laughed so heartily that she burst.
1	It would have been all over with her, likewise, if, by good fortune, a tailor who was travelling in search of work, had not sat down to rest by the brook.
1	Now this king was very fond of money; and when he heard the miller"s boast his greediness was raised, and he sent for the girl to be brought before him.
1	"Then say you will give me," said the little man, "the first little child that you may have when you are queen."
1	But one day he came into her room, where she was sitting playing with her baby, and put her in mind of it.
1	The next day the little man came, and she began with TIMOTHY, ICHABOD, BENJAMIN, JEREMIAH, and all the names she could remember; but to all and each of them he said, "Madam, that is not my name."
1	The second day she began with all the comical names she could hear of, BANDY-LEGS, HUNCHBACK, CROOK-SHANKS, and so on; but the little gentleman still said to every one of them, "Madam, that is not my name."
1	"Good heavens!" said the girl, "no strawberries grow in winter!
1	And why am I to go in this paper frock?
1	It is so cold outside that one"s very breath freezes!
1	The wind will blow through the frock, and the thorns will tear it off my body."
1	They asked, "What dost thou here in the forest in the winter time, in thy thin dress?"
1	The girl, however, did as the little men had bidden her, swept away the snow behind the little house with the broom, and what did she find but real ripe strawberries, which came up quite dark-red out of the snow!
1	But the lion was an enchanted prince.
1	But no sooner was the princess released from the spell, than she seized the prince by the arm and sprang on to the griffin"s back, and went off carrying the prince away with her.
1	"Oh! grandmother," she said, "what big ears you have!"
1	"But, grandmother, what big eyes you have!" she said.
1	"But, grandmother, what large hands you have!"
1	"Do I find you here, you old sinner!" said he.
1	"I have long sought you!"
1	Then just as he was going to fire at him, it occurred to him that the wolf might have devoured the grandmother, and that she might still be saved, so he did not fire, but took a pair of scissors, and began to cut open the stomach of the sleeping wolf.
1	The servant ran after his master and told him what had happened, but would not leave his saddle behind him, and ran back to fetch it.
1	She did not know what that was, she thought and thought, but she could not find out, she opened her riddle-books, but it was not in them---in short, her wisdom was at an end.
1	When she knew the answer to the riddle she wanted to steal away, but he held her mantle so fast that she was forced to leave it behind her.
1	When he turned the tap, however, lo and behold, the best of wine ran out!
1	So Hansel went at once to Death and said to him, "Come down," and Death took him directly and put an end to him.
1	And now he was off again with his crooked devils, and they went to Hohenfuert and pulled up a hop-pole, and with it went to Heaven and began to thrust the pole against it, and Heaven began to crack.
1	"Oh, indeed?" answered the little tailor, and unbuttoned his coat, and showed the giant the girdle, "there may you read what kind of a man I am!"
1	The giant read: "Seven at one stroke," and thought that they had been men whom the tailor had killed, and began to feel a little respect for the tiny fellow.
1	The giant did not know what to say, and could not believe it of the little man.
1	When he had fallen down again without injury, the giant said: "What is this?
1	Have you not strength enough to hold the weak twig?"
1	"Ah!" said they, "what does the great warrior want here in the midst of peace?
1	"You must be dreaming," said the other, "I am not knocking you."
1	"It is a lucky thing," said he, "that they did not tear up the tree on which I was sitting, or I should have had to sprint on to another like a squirrel; but we tailors are nimble."
1	"But are you not wounded?" asked the horsemen.
1	The horsemen would not believe him, and rode into the forest; there they found the giants swimming in their blood, and all round about lay the torn-up trees.
1	"I am a poor tailor," he answered, "whom night has surprised here in the wilderness, and I earnestly beg you to take me into your hut until morning."
1	The tailor, who had watched the fight with astonishment, was still standing there motionless, when the stag in full career bounded up to him, and before he could escape, caught him up on his great horns.
1	Flames of fire shot forth, after which followed a great smoke, which hid the stag from his sight.
1	"Just Heaven!" cried she, "my deliverance is at hand!
1	Hardly had I slept for a short time, when the sound of faint and delightful music awoke me.
1	As I could not conceive from whence it came, I wanted to summon my waiting-maid who slept in the next room, but to my astonishment I found that speech was taken away from me by an unknown force.
1	"When I came to my senses again I found myself in this underground cave in a glass coffin.
1	The maiden had scarcely opened the bottles when the blue smoke rushed out and changed itself into living men, in whom she recognized her servants and her people.
1	Next morning, to the astonishment of everyone, he came out again safe and unharmed, and said to the lord of the castle: "The dogs have revealed to me, in their own language, why they dwell there, and bring evil on the land.
1	And just as that was decided on, the young count entered into the church, and suddenly two snow-white doves flew on his shoulders and remained sitting there.
1	The ecclesiastics recognized therein the token from above, and asked him on the spot if he would be pope.
1	Then the blasts of the horns, the barking of dogs, and the merry shouts of the huntsmen rang through the trees, and the roebuck heard all, and was only too anxious to be there.
1	Then the door opened, and the King walked in, and there stood a maiden more lovely than any he had ever seen.
1	The King said, "Ah, heavens! what is this?
1	Then the King could not restrain himself; he sprang towards her, and said, "You can be none other than my dear wife."
1	"Oh!" said the man, "you need not fear the gallows; for I will only teach you to steal what will be fair game: I meddle with nothing but what no one else can get or care anything about, and where no one can find you out."
1	"Oh!" answered the man, "that is not my sort of tailoring; come with me, and you will learn quite another kind of craft from that."
1	"Well done, sons!" said the old man; "you have made good use of your time, and learnt something worth the knowing; but I am sure I do not know which ought to have the prize.
1	"I will soon find out where she is, however," said the star-gazer, as he looked through his glass; and he soon cried out, "I see her afar off, sitting upon a rock in the sea, and I can spy the dragon close by, guarding her."
1	Meantime the huntsman came nearer and looked at the lady, and said to himself, "I have been travelling so long that I should like to go into this castle and rest myself, for I have money enough to pay for anything I want"; but the real reason was, that he wanted to see more of the beautiful lady.
1	When the witch and the young lady heard of his beautiful salad, they longed to taste it, and said, "Dear countryman, let us just taste it."
1	Then he thought something must have happened, and said, "I will go into the kitchen and see."
1	"With all my heart," said the miller; "but how shall I treat them?"
1	Then the princess ran to the door and opened it, and there she saw the frog, whom she had quite forgotten.
1	The king, her father, seeing that something had frightened her, asked her what was the matter.
1	But when the princess awoke on the following morning she was astonished to see, instead of the frog, a handsome prince, gazing on her with the most beautiful eyes she had ever seen, and standing at the head of her bed.
1	"She gave me nothing, she came with me."
1	At last he looked round, and saw that the cart was dripping, and the cask quite empty.
1	Away ran the husband upstairs, and saw thousands of birds sitting upon the floor eating up his corn, with the sparrow in the midst of them.
1	There was once a forester who went into the forest to hunt, and as he entered it he heard a sound of screaming as if a little child were there.
1	He followed the sound, and at last came to a high tree, and at the top of this a little child was sitting, for the mother had fallen asleep under the tree with the child, and a bird of prey had seen it in her arms, had flown down, snatched it away, and set it on the high tree.
1	When the three servants came to the forest, nothing was there but a rose-tree and one rose on it, but the children were nowhere.
1	So when the three servants came, nothing was there but a church, with a chandelier in it.
1	In the door there was a golden key, and when she turned it the door sprang open, and there sat an old lady spinning away very busily.
1	"Why, how now, good mother," said the princess; "what are you doing there?"
1	However, she was not dead, but had only fallen into a deep sleep; and the king and the queen, who had just come home, and all their court, fell asleep too; and the horses slept in the stables, and the dogs in the court, the pigeons on the house-top, and the very flies slept upon the walls.
1	Even the fire on the hearth left off blazing, and went to sleep; the jack stopped, and the spit that was turning about with a goose upon it for the king"s dinner stood still; and the cook, who was at that moment pulling the kitchen-boy by the hair to give him a box on the ear for something he had done amiss, let him go, and both fell asleep; the butler, who was slyly tasting the ale, fell asleep with the jug at his lips: and thus everything stood still, and slept soundly.
1	Now that very day the hundred years were ended; and as the prince came to the thicket he saw nothing but beautiful flowering shrubs, through which he went with ease, and they shut in after him as thick as ever.
1	And the horses shook themselves, and the dogs jumped up and barked; the pigeons took their heads from under their wings, and looked about and flew into the fields; the flies on the walls buzzed again; the fire in the kitchen blazed up; round went the jack, and round went the spit, with the goose for the king"s dinner upon it; the butler finished his draught of ale; the maid went on plucking the fowl; and the cook gave the boy the box on his ear.
1	At last it popped into her head, "The dog is not shut up--he may be running away with the steak; that"s well thought of."
1	So up she ran from the cellar; and sure enough the rascally cur had got the steak in his mouth, and was making off with it.
1	Now all this time the ale was running too, for Catherine had not turned the cock; and when the jug was full the liquor ran upon the floor till the cask was empty.
1	When she got to the cellar stairs she saw what had happened.
1	"My stars!" said she, "what shall I do to keep Frederick from seeing all this slopping about?"
1	So away she went for it: but she managed to set it down just upon the great jug full of beer, and upset it; and thus all the ale that had been saved was set swimming on the floor also.
1	The husband thought to himself, "If my wife manages matters thus, I must look sharp myself."
1	Then she set them all about the house for a show: and when Frederick came back, he cried out, "Kate, what have you been doing?"
1	Catherine looked, but could not see where it had gone; so she said, "Well, I suppose the other will go the same way and find you; he has younger legs than I have."
1	"Where are the butter and cheese?" said he.
1	"No," answered she, "you did not tell me."
1	When she reached home, she bolted the back door, but the front door she took off the hinges, and said, "Frederick told me to lock the door, but surely it can nowhere be so safe if I take it with me."
1	Scarcely were they up, than who should come by but the very rogues they were looking for.
1	Then he climbed up again, and tried to hit the thieves on the head with them: but they only said, "It must be near morning, for the wind shakes the fir-apples down."
1	So she poured all the vinegar down; and the thieves said, "What a heavy dew there is!"
1	"Whose are these beautiful green meadows?" said she.
1	"Whose is this noble city?" said she.
1	"What do we want with servants?" said he; "you must do for yourself whatever is to be done.
1	She had not been there long before she heard that the king"s eldest son was passing by, going to be married; and she went to one of the windows and looked out.
1	When he arose in the morning, all the work was already done, the room was swept, the table and benches cleaned, the fire in the hearth was lighted, and the water was fetched, and at noon, when he came home, the table was laid, and a good dinner served.
1	He could not conceive how this came to pass, for he never saw a human being in his house, and no one could have concealed himself in it.
1	Instantly the transformation came to an end, and a beautiful girl stood before him, who admitted to him that she had been the flower, and that up to this time she had attended to his house-keeping.
1	But when she began her song, and it reached Roland"s ears, he sprang up and cried: "I know the voice, that is the true bride, I will have no other!"
1	Everything he had forgotten, and which had vanished from his mind, had suddenly come home again to his heart.
1	And this was the little grey man"s doing.
1	So they sat down, and when Dummling pulled out his cinder-cake, it was a fine sweet cake, and the sour beer had become good wine.
1	Dummling went and cut down the tree, and when it fell there was a goose sitting in the roots with feathers of pure gold.
1	The eldest thought: "I shall soon find an opportunity of pulling out a feather," and as soon as Dummling had gone out she seized the goose by the wing, but her finger and hand remained sticking fast to it.
1	The second came soon afterwards, thinking only of how she might get a feather for herself, but she had scarcely touched her sister than she was held fast.
1	At the same time he seized the youngest by the hand in order to pull her away, but as soon as he touched her he likewise stuck fast, and was himself obliged to run behind.
1	Before long the sexton came by and saw his master, the parson, running behind three girls.
1	Do not forget that we have a christening today!" and running after him he took him by the sleeve, but was also held fast to it.
1	But they had scarcely touched the sexton when they were held fast, and now there were seven of them running behind Dummling and the goose.
1	Dummling thought of the little grey man, who could certainly help him; so he went into the forest, and in the same place where he had felled the tree, he saw a man sitting, who had a very sorrowful face.
1	Dummling went straight into the forest, and there sat the little grey man to whom he had given his cake.
1	The father thought to himself, "Can it be Ashputtel?"
1	Then the prince got down and looked at her foot; and he saw, by the blood that streamed from it, what a trick she had played him.
1	Then he looked down, and saw that the blood streamed so much from the shoe, that her white stockings were quite red.
1	Now--odd as you may think it--it came to pass that this good woman"s wish was fulfilled, just in the very way she had wished it; for, not long afterwards, she had a little boy, who was quite healthy and strong, but was not much bigger than my thumb.
1	They gave him plenty of food, yet for all they could do he never grew bigger, but kept just the same size as he had been when he was born.
1	"Oh, father," cried Tom, "I will take care of that; the cart shall be in the wood by the time you want it."
1	When the time came the mother harnessed the horse to the cart, and put Tom into his ear; and as he sat there the little man told the beast how to go, crying out, "Go on!" and "Stop!" as he wanted: and thus the horse went on just as well as if the woodman had driven it himself into the wood.
1	"What an odd thing that is!" said one: "there is a cart going along, and I hear a carter talking to the horse, but yet I can see no one."
1	"That is queer, indeed," said the other; "let us follow the cart, and see where it goes."
1	The two strangers were all this time looking on, and did not know what to say for wonder.
1	"But where are you?" said they.
1	At last the thieves found him out, and lifted him up in their hands.
1	The cook got up early, before daybreak, to feed the cows; and going straight to the hay-loft, carried away a large bundle of hay, with the little man in the middle of it, fast asleep.
1	He still, however, slept on, and did not awake till he found himself in the mouth of the cow; for the cook had put the hay into the cow"s rick, and the cow had taken Tom up in a mouthful of it.
1	"Good lack-a-day!" said he, "how came I to tumble into the mill?"
1	Though he made the best of his bad luck, he did not like his quarters at all; and the worst of it was, that more and more hay was always coming down, and the space left for him became smaller and smaller.
1	Tom soon set himself to work to get out, which was not a very easy task; but at last, just as he had made room to get his head out, fresh ill-luck befell him.
1	A hungry wolf sprang out, and swallowed up the whole stomach, with Tom in it, at one gulp, and ran away.
1	"Where"s that?" said the wolf.
1	"Why, where have you been?" said his father.
1	All this, however, was untrue; the cat had no cousin, and had not been asked to be godmother.
1	"Top off!" cried the mouse, "that is a very odd and uncommon name, is it a usual one in your family?"
1	What are you saying?
1	I never heard the name in my life, I"ll wager anything it is not in the calendar!"
1	"All-gone," cried the mouse "that is the most suspicious name of all!
1	I have never seen it in print.
1	All-gone; what can that mean?" and she shook her head, curled herself up, and lay down to sleep.
1	"Alas!" said the mouse, "now I see what has happened, now it comes to light!
1	You a true friend!
1	"Mother," said the little daughter again, "may not brother have one too?"
1	So little Marleen went, and said, "Brother, give me that apple," but he did not say a word; then she gave him a box on the ear, and his head rolled off.
1	Presently the father came home and sat down to his dinner; he asked, "Where is my son?"
1	With this he went on with his dinner, and said, "Little Marleen, why do you weep?
1	The shoemaker heard him, and he jumped up and ran out in his shirtsleeves, and stood looking up at the bird on the roof with his hand over his eyes to keep himself from being blinded by the sun.
1	two more men left off and listened,
1	then four more left off,
1	then he looked up and the last one had left off work.
1	But as she crossed the threshold, crash! the bird threw the millstone down on her head, and she was crushed to death.
1	When the courtiers heard this they were shocked, and said, "Heaven forbid that a father should marry his daughter!
1	And his daughter was also shocked, but hoped the king would soon give up such thoughts; so she said to him, "Before I marry anyone I must have three dresses: one must be of gold, like the sun; another must be of shining silver, like the moon; and a third must be dazzling as the stars: besides this, I want a mantle of a thousand different kinds of fur put together, to which every beast in the kingdom must give a part of his skin."
1	"Look sharp!" said the king to the huntsmen, "and see what sort of game lies there."
1	And the huntsmen went up to the tree, and when they came back again said, "In the hollow tree there lies a most wonderful beast, such as we never saw before; its skin seems to be of a thousand kinds of fur, but there it lies fast asleep."
1	Everyone made way for her, for nobody knew her, and they thought she could be no less than a king"s daughter.
1	When the dance was at an end she curtsied; and when the king looked round for her, she was gone, no one knew wither.
1	The guards that stood at the castle gate were called in: but they had seen no one.
1	At the bottom he saw a gold ring lying; and as he could not make out how it had got there, he ordered the cook to be sent for.
1	"But how did you get the ring that was in the soup?" asked the king.
1	When it was at an end, he would have held her fast by the hand, but she slipped away, and sprang so quickly through the crowd that he lost sight of her: and she ran as fast as she could into her little cabin under the stairs.
1	When the king got to the bottom, he ordered Cat-skin to be called once more, and soon saw the white finger, and the ring that he had put on it whilst they were dancing: so he seized her hand, and kept fast hold of it, and when she wanted to loose herself and spring away, the fur cloak fell off a little on one side, and the starry dress sparkled underneath it.
1	Then he got hold of the fur and tore it off, and her golden hair and beautiful form were seen, and she could no longer hide herself: so she washed the soot and ashes from her face, and showed herself to be the most beautiful princess upon the face of the earth.
1	"That"s a good joke!" said Chanticleer; "no, that will never do; I had rather by half walk home; I"ll sit on the box and be coachman, if you like, but I"ll not draw."
1	But the seventh saw Snowdrop, and called all his brethren to come and see her; and they cried out with wonder and astonishment and brought their lamps to look at her, and said, "Good heavens! what a lovely child she is!"
1	Snowdrop did not dream of any mischief; so she stood before the old woman; but she set to work so nimbly, and pulled the lace so tight, that Snowdrop"s breath was stopped, and she fell down as if she were dead.
1	And it looked so pretty, that she took it up and put it into her hair to try it; but the moment it touched her head, the poison was so powerful that she fell down senseless.
1	At last a prince came and called at the dwarfs" house; and he saw Snowdrop, and read what was written in golden letters.
1	"But dost thou know what thou must promise?" said the King.
1	He was astonished when he saw them come alone, and asked what had happened to them.
1	"Oh, ho!" said the man, "you need not make so many words about the matter; I will have nothing to do with a fish that can talk: so swim away, sir, as soon as you please!"
1	When a year had gone by, the King again went away, and the Queen had another little boy, whom the false sisters likewise took and threw into the water.
1	The maiden found everything exactly as the old woman had said, and on her way back she found her two brothers who had sought each other over half the world.
1	They went together to the place where the black dog was lying on the road; she struck it in the face, and it turned into a handsome prince who went with them to the river.
1	Then the daughter gave her some of the water of the fountain to drink, and she became strong and healthy.
1	When the seed came up, there was one plant bigger than all the rest; and it kept getting larger and larger, and seemed as if it would never cease growing; so that it might have been called the prince of turnips for there never was such a one seen before, and never will again.
1	At last it was so big that it filled a cart, and two oxen could hardly draw it; and the gardener knew not what in the world to do with it, nor whether it would be a blessing or a curse to him.
1	Where did you get the seed? or is it only your good luck?
1	If so, you are a true child of fortune."
1	The other had no suspicions of his roguery: so they went out together, and as they were travelling along, the murderers rushed out upon him, bound him, and were going to hang him on a tree.
1	As soon as the man in the sack saw him passing under the tree, he cried out, "Good morning! good morning to thee, my friend!"
1	Then he pushed him in head first, tied up the sack, and soon swung up the searcher after wisdom dangling in the air.
1	But when evening came and she still stayed away, Hans went out to see what she had cut, but nothing was cut, and she was lying among the corn asleep.
1	"If that be all," replied the sexton, "he can learn that with me.
1	"Who is there?" cried he, but the figure made no reply, and did not move or stir.
1	The sexton thought: "He can"t mean to be as bad as his words," uttered no sound and stood as if he were made of stone.
1	"No, I don"t know," replied the boy, "but someone was standing by the sounding hole on the other side of the steps, and as he would neither gave an answer nor go away, I took him for a scoundrel, and threw him downstairs.
1	"If that is all that is wanted," answered the youth, "it is easily done; but if I learn how to shudder as fast as that, you shall have my fifty talers.
1	But they sat there and did not stir, and the fire caught their clothes.
1	Then the man saw that he would not get the fifty talers that day, and went away saying: "Such a youth has never come my way before."
1	The host who heard this, laughed and said: "If that is your desire, there ought to be a good opportunity for you here."
1	"Oh," said he, "what long nails you have!
1	"That"s right," said he, "but go faster."
1	Then the bed rolled on as if six horses were harnessed to it, up and down, over thresholds and stairs, but suddenly hop, hop, it turned over upside down, and lay on him like a mountain.
1	Then he went to the innkeeper, who opened his eyes very wide, and said: "I never expected to see you alive again!
1	Have you learnt how to shudder yet?"
1	The youth also wanted to play and said: "Listen you, can I join you?"
1	"Money enough," replied he, "but your balls are not quite round."
1	"How has it fared with you this time?" asked he.
1	"Have you not shuddered then?"
1	"Wait," said he, "I will warm you a little," and went to the fire and warmed his hand and laid it on the dead man"s face, but he remained cold.
1	Then he took him out, and sat down by the fire and laid him on his breast and rubbed his arms that the blood might circulate again.
1	As this also did no good, he thought to himself: "When two people lie in bed together, they warm each other," and carried him to the bed, covered him over and lay down by him.
1	The youth drew out the axe and let him go.
1	Then said the little room-door, "Little flea, why art thou screaming?"
1	"Because the louse has burnt herself."
1	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping,
1	The little door is creaking."
1	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping,
1	The little door is creaking, The little broom is sweeping."
1	The ash-heap said, "Then I will burn furiously," and began to burn in clear flames.
1	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping,
1	The little door is creaking, The little broom is sweeping,
1	The little cart is running."
1	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping,
1	The little door is creaking, The little broom is sweeping,
1	The little cart is running, The little ash-heap is burning."
1	"The little louse has burnt herself, The little flea is weeping,
1	The little door is creaking, The little broom is sweeping,
1	The little cart is running, The little ash-heap is burning,
1	The little tree is shaking itself."
1	"Oh, ho!" said the spring, "then I will begin to flow," and began to flow violently.
1	So he set out and followed the same road which his brother had done, and met with the same elf, who stopped him at the same spot in the mountains, saying, as before, "Prince, prince, whither so fast?"
1	And the prince said, "I am going in search of the Water of Life, because my father is ill, and like to die: can you help me?
1	Just as he was going out of the iron door it struck twelve, and the door fell so quickly upon him that it snapped off a piece of his heel.
1	Then they waited till he was fast asleep, and poured the Water of Life out of the cup, and took it for themselves, giving him bitter sea-water instead.
1	Scarcely, however, had he tasted the bitter sea-water when he became worse even than he was before; and then both the elder sons came in, and blamed the youngest for what they had done; and said that he wanted to poison their father, but that they had found the Water of Life, and had brought it with them.
1	As he came before the palace and saw the golden road, he stopped to look at it, and he thought to himself, "It is a pity to ride upon this beautiful road"; so he turned aside and rode on the right-hand side of it.
1	The second prince set out soon afterwards on the same errand; and when he came to the golden road, and his horse had set one foot upon it, he stopped to look at it, and thought it very beautiful, and said to himself, "What a pity it is that anything should tread here!"
1	There was great astonishment over the wild man; the king, however, had him put in an iron cage in his courtyard, and forbade the door to be opened on pain of death, and the queen herself was to take the key into her keeping.
1	She knew nothing about it, and sought the key, but it was gone.
1	And as he still bent down more and more while he was doing so, and trying to look straight into the eyes, his long hair fell down from his shoulders into the water.
1	He raised himself up quickly, but the whole of the hair of his head was already golden and shone like the sun.
1	The people about court did not at all know what use they could make of him, but they liked him, and told him to stay.
1	As the sun shone on his hair it glittered and flashed so that the rays fell into the bedroom of the king"s daughter, and up she sprang to see what that could be.
1	Then she saw the boy, and cried to him: "Boy, bring me a wreath of flowers."
1	She, however, caught at his cap and pulled it off, and then his golden hair rolled down on his shoulders, and it was splendid to behold.
1	He wanted to run out, but she held him by the arm, and gave him a handful of ducats.
1	The following day the king"s daughter again called to him that he was to bring her a wreath of field-flowers, and then he went in with it, she instantly snatched at his cap, and wanted to take it away from him, but he held it fast with both hands.
1	The others laughed, and said: "Seek one for yourself when we are gone, we will leave one behind us in the stable for you."
1	The daughter wanted to hear who the strange knight was, but the king did not know, and said: "He followed the enemy, and I did not see him again."
1	"Are you the knight who came every day to the festival, always in different colours, and who caught the three golden apples?" asked the king.
1	"If you can perform such deeds as that, you are no gardener"s boy; tell me, who is your father?"
1	"I well see," said the king, "that I owe my thanks to you; can I do anything to please you?"
1	And as they were sitting at the marriage-feast, the music suddenly stopped, the doors opened, and a stately king came in with a great retinue.
1	But who should come in but the wolf!
1	Ah! what a sight she saw there!
1	"Ah, heavens," she said, "is it possible that my poor children whom he has swallowed down for his supper, can be still alive?"
1	Then the kid had to run home and fetch scissors, and a needle and thread, and the goat cut open the monster"s stomach, and hardly had she made one cut, than one little kid thrust its head out, and when she had cut farther, all six sprang out one after another, and were all still alive, and had suffered no injury whatever, for in his greediness the monster had swallowed them down whole.
1	"How has that come to pass?" said he; "I gave quite another order in my letter."
1	"That is a good deal to ask for," said she; "if the devil comes home and finds you, it will cost you your life; but as I pity you, I will see if I cannot help you."
1	No sooner had he entered than he noticed that the air was not pure.
1	"Oh!" cried the devil, "what are you doing?"
1	Taking advantage of Guy 's momentary stupefaction , she wriggled out from under him and leapt off the bed , everything forgotten but the need to escape from something she dared not put a name to .
1	Another step forward and Pooley noted to his utter stupefaction that it had vanished altogether into empty air .
1	Downes shook his head in stupefaction .
1	Athelstan sat in complete stupefaction , drinking his beer , as Cranston cleared every platter , washing it all down with another bowl of claret .
1	Except the O'Neil family in the first row of the circle , who sat in stupefied amazement , hardly believing what they had witnessed .
1	If the birds are disturbed during the process , there could be large numbers of stupefied birds fluttering amongst the traffic as the morning progresses with public complaints resulting , " the report stated .
1	It was Blackberry who bullied the stupefied Pipkin to his feet and forced him to limp the few yards to the gravel spit .
1	He woke stupefied , flicking his tongue over his parched lips like a reptile .
1	Laura stared up at Ross in stupefied amazement .
1	The pain had faded into the background and she was starting to feel stupefied , her head stuffed with cotton wool , her eyes heavy .
1	Now you see in our day and generation , we do n't need to be reminded of the importance of little things. the more we learn about the atom , the more we 're astonished at its complexity and its unseen power .
1	Lin Foh blinked , quite astonished at being spoken to so sharply .
1	When Ramsey came to read the book himself , later in life , he was astonished , and at one point burst out laughing , to discover what irrational expressions he could use .
1	I was astonished at the smallness of the area which these enclosed .
1	From the outset , commentators seem to have been astonished at the great interest the competition evoked .
1	He was astonished at the change in him .
1	Now as he strode north determined on its recovery he was ashamed and astonished at his own folly .
1	But when I got to be twenty-one , I was astonished at how much he had learned in seven years .
1	She was astonished , and secretly pleased , that he had remembered her name .
1	Those new to the area were always astonished at the vivid crimson of the earth and buildings .
1	Maggie was quite astonished at her own determination on that score .
1	But she was even more astonished at her ladyship 's next words .
1	Eleanor Thorne half-sat up in the great bed , astonished at the freshness , the absolute appeal of her idea .
1	` I 'm astonished at what you 've achieved , Kitty .
1	` From all you say of Papa , " announced Dr Neil naughtily , ` I 'm astonished to learn that he went bankrupt .
1	She saw his fear , his bewilderment , and above all , a kind of astonishment at the enormity of the complications that lay ahead .
1	My previous astonishment at the fact that people who came here like De Michelis [ the former foreign secretary ] , or like ex-Prime Minister Andreotti , never endowed us with any money is now diminished .
1	Martha replied , and left her twin sister blinking in astonishment at a possibility that had n't occurred to her before , but which was now enticingly attractive .
1	Mrs Syms 's astonishment at her appearance was almost comical .
1	Carolyn watched him , caught between her astonishment at his presence here , and the sudden absolutely natural way they were talking .
1	Miss Logan concealed her astonishment at this curious lecture , but felt bound to enquire further .
1	But there was some astonishment at the size and timing of the exceptional write-offs , which will result in 9,000 job losses from a worldwide total of 128,600 .
1	John Lahr told me of his astonishment at how unpleasant he could be to waiters at the Indian restaurant they visited together .
1	When the peat-brown eyes fixed on hers again , their level gaze showed he had recovered from his astonishment at seeing her .
1	AN OXFORDSHIRE reader expresses astonishment that so many of the hotels featured in this column border on Fawlty Towers .
1	We write to express astonishment at the standard of writing that has featured in much of your pre-election coverage .
1	Lomponda wa Botende , a former Chief of Staff , expressed his astonishment at the report , and the Defence Ministry denied that any coup attempt had been made .
1	He felt a mixture of astonishment at himself and irritation that his rigid daily routine was going to be broken after forty undisturbed years .
1	Alexei was unable to hide his astonishment at Siban 's subdued tone .
1	Ex-hacker Stephen Gold says he remains ` astounded at the arrogance " of the Law Commission for not drawing on the experience of others .
1	He added : ` I 'm astounded he has not been on the fringe of the Dutch team . "
1	A man was astounded to walk into his son 's bedroom and find him sitting playing chess with his dog .
1	Some workers have been astounded at the amount of extra paperwork .
1	Serge was astounded to see a bedraggled Lili appear in his room in the middle of the night .
1	He must have managed to purloin a copy of the house key from somewhere and was obviously astounded to find someone already scouring the house , especially her .
1	And even as I did I was astounded at myself .
1	His last illness was the most violent , and his doctors were astounded that he survived it .
1	She seemed to be almost floating and Maggie was astounded that the sharp stones had not given her enough pain to waken her .
1	Zen was so astounded at finding Cinzia there on that particular evening that he could think of nothing whatever to say .
1	Before she left for London , Cllr Cooper said : ` I am astounded to have been chosen .
1	` Please do , " said Ianthe , who was temporarily a little bewildered at Penelope 's appearance and unconventional clothes .
1	What 's so terrible for IMP in that ? " she blustered , still bewildered why he should find the idea of it so important .
1	David filled her dreams ; the ecstasy of their lovemaking , and the pain and bewilderment of his abrupt departure .
1	There was such masculine bewilderment in his deep voice at the unexpected display of emotion that Fran smiled .
1	I 'm downright flabbergasted to know you 're treatin' Dolly so unkind an' beatin' 'er as well .
1	Upon his arrival , he was nonplussed to find the yard and buildings deserted .
1	George knew that she was a bit nonplussed at his eagerness for her to have her own social life .
1	Joan 's great skill , then as now , was to be completely nonplussed by anything Richard did .
1	Branson was nonplussed by Elliott 's refusal ; in fact , it constituted the perfect challenge .
1	Fabia felt it might be a touch cruel to laugh at him again but , feeling certain he would run a mile if she took him seriously , she was a little nonplussed about how to answer him .
1	Rocastle got a page long interview expressing some puzzlement at Wilko keeping him out of the first team .
1	He seemed startled to see me as if applicants , once embarked on musical offices , rarely returned .
1	I am startled to find myself addressing you instead .
