1	as for a number of schools in low-lying areas , sandbags will be supplied for their protection from inundation for the time being in a bid to allow all classes to resume as usual .
3	vegetation normally found around small watering holes is scarce because much of the water is depleted or has become too salty .
8	anger has been mounting since the disaster , and displaced residents have held several street rallies demanding cash compensation instead of resettlement .
8	03 @/@ 26 @/@ 2012 17 : 49 gmt brazzaville , march 26 , 2012 ( afp ) @-@ congolese police used tear gas monday to disperse hundreds of victims of a munitions dump blast who protested in the capital to demand the government pay them promised financial aid .
10 3	in addition to food shortages , health problems are emerging as people in the flood areas are forced to drink muddy flood waters .
7 1	the china daily said that 59 chinese military students were still missing after torrential rain from the typhoon rushed down a hillside and swept away their school buildings in the southeastern chinese city of fuzhou .
8	the former rebels have been living in the camps since the maoists gave up their armed revolt in 2006 and joined a peace process ( 10 ) .
3	iom facilitated water trucking for unicef and logistically supported the distribution of food and non food items for various ngos and un agencies .
1	most of the buildings in the affected area are of nonengineered unreinforced masonry ( urm ) wall construction .
1	the vilanculos primary school was one building destroyed by the violent winds .
10	“ by financing an integrated package of services and strengthening the health systems in drc the project will help improve the use and quality of health for women and children and also contribute to the overall level of emergency response preparedness , which is vital to counter communicable disease outbreaks such as ebola , ” said samaha .
10	in addition to malnutrition , the team ran into cardiac and vascular diseases and intestinal and bronchial infections .
3	who is also providing water purification tablets to ensure a safe drinking water supply to the affected population .
1	livestock , crops , rural and urban housing , roads , river and canal embankments , and other infrastructure suffered extensive damage , as vast areas of land were submerged .
8	to counter radical ideology , his government had worked with its muslim religious leaders , community groups and individuals to rehabilitate terrorist detainees and to delegitimize radical ideologies .
10 1	unicef also provided tents to bhubaneswar hospital during a diarrhoea outbreak to increase bedspace
3	the option of shallow wells will cease to be a durable solution for potable water supply in the area .
10	over the years , echo has funded the establishment of effective health and water @/@ sanitation services in the camps .
3	ytb is now preparing rice , baby foods , mineral water , and instant noodles to send to affected areas by plane .
1	in bantul , which accounted for more than 2,000 of the deaths reported so far and where most buildings were flattened , makeshift plastic tents dotted the roads outside ruined houses as residents combed through the rubble .
10 3	oxfam 's health-related supplies include portable toilets , drinking water , medicine , intestinal drugs , first aid supplies , face masks , and sanitary supplies for women .
8	complicating matters , the tigers -- who are allowed to move through government areas under the truce -- have threatened to use armed escorts to protect their cadres against attack , a move that would violate the ceasefire and raise the spectre of possible confrontations .
10 1	the ruling taliban radio said field clinics were most needed as it was difficult to transfer victims to the limited health facilties due to a lack of vehicles and por roads in some parts .
3	they have to walk for miles and cross the country ’ s busiest road to fetch water from a hydrant .
10	the deaths have raised fears of widespread contamination as they were unrelated to mali 's only other confirmed fatality , a two-year-old girl who had also arrived from guinea in october .
8	the political forces in the region must be alert to the phenomenon of thousands of young people who recently took to the streets in more than one arab country , demanding that citizenship be the basis for partnership and refusing either to be represented on a sectarian basis , or that sectarian representation be used to cover up corruption .
10 3	they have suffered from many different diseases , especially digestive ailments such as diarrhoea , due to contaminated water .
10	twenty people have been injured around the island as incessant rain triggered hundreds of mudslides and caused rain-swollen creeks to burst their banks .
1	gilgit : continuous rains triggering flashfloods and landslides have damaged 42 hydel power stations across the gilgit-baltistan region , disconnecting power supply to 90 per cent of the area , and damaging road infrastructure .
8	the attack comes just a day after boko haram militants gunned down at least 145 people in three borno villages , shooting muslim worshippers during the holy month of ramadan in the bloodiest day of attacks since new president muhammadu buhari came to power .
1	the " road " is not tarmacked , and is cut off in parts by flash floods from a few days of rain , forcing our driver to make some clever detours into the scrubland .
8	highlighting the wider problems facing pakistan , 14 people were killed on thursday in different incidents of targeted killings in karachi after a pashtun political leader was gunned down , a sign of underlying ethnic and political tensions in the country 's biggest city .
3	the world food programme has distributed 141,500 metric tons of rice in 320 townships , through its food-for-work programme , contributing to the rehabilitation of land , irrigation ditches and wells .
10	measles vaccination has been conducted following suspected measles in camps .
1 3	" the distribution of relief is severely constrained by damaged infrastructure , and the widespread contamination of water supplies has the potential to create major health problems . "
3	the accident happened on the same day when zhou shengxian , minister of environmental protection , called for more steps to tackle pollution in the songhua river while addressing a meeting on water pollution control .
10 3	in addition to its dedication of relief efforts to meulaboh , singapore also delivered relief aid and medical supplies including water bags , water generator and desalination units to thailand , sri lanka and the maldives .
1	in south hwanghae province , the typhoon ravaged over 8 500 hectares of maize field , toppled more than 600 roadside trees and removed roofs of several public buildings .
10	while children under five in the quake zone would get immunization against measles , all adults will also receive a booster dose of tetanus vaccine , health officials said .
3	although the drought has lasted several years in this region , monsoon failure is a common occurance in kutch and most of the area has saline groundwater , leaving few parts of the province with usable drinking water .
1	monsoon rains in pakistan coupled with glacial melting and flash floods have claimed nine lives and affected over 322,000 people in the provinces of punjab , khyber pakhtunkhwa , gilgit baltistan and baluchistan , causing urban flooding in the major cities of lahore , rawalpindi and islamabad .
7	paris @-@ international rescue teams were rushing to japan sunday after a 8.9-magnitude earthquake and tsunami left more than 1,000 dead , at least 10,000 missing and seriously damaged a nuclear power plant .
8	the office of the united nations development programme in the iranian capital , tehran , closed on thursday following protests by student demonstrators outside the building .
10	the services provided during each free medical clinic include the following : general surgery , internal medicine , pediatrics , gynecology , ophthalmology , dental , hare lips surgery , hernia , removal of tumors , cataract , and tearing of cornea , etc.
3	with support from partners , a water filtration unit has been successfully installed in the msf-managed water system ( bladder tank ) in bawe resettlement centre , mutarara district .
10	outbreaks of cholera : since the first outbreaks of cholera were reported on 17 october 2005 , the epidemiological unit under the ministry of health has recorded a total of 4,359 cases of cholera outbreaks and 53 deaths in 19 districts .
10	who and health partners are preparing funding proposals for donors focusing on health assessments , disease surveillance , coordination , logistic support , gap filling , heath systems strengthening and capacity building .
10	msf is providing emergency medical supplies and emergency shelter to the people most severely affected by the floods .
1	pyongyang , august 5 ( kcna ) -- it has been ascertained that torrential rains in july did a great deal of damage to people 's living , railway transport , agriculture and other economic sectors in the democratic people 's republic of korea .
3	the system included drilling a well and installing two above-ground tanks that each hold 1,000 gallons and a submersible pump that moves water into the tanks .
7	with more than 1,000 people feared dead and authorities scrambling to bring reactors under control at two nuclear plants , japanese officials have asked other nations to provide sniffer dogs to help search for trapped survivors .
8	however , the gos continues to conduct aerial bombings and raids of civilian and relief centers in southern sudan , in violation of the humanitarian cease fire in place since july 1998 , and its own unilateral comprehensive cease fire in place since august 1999 .
10	according to state media , on 21 may , nine aircrafts carrying 157 metric tonnes of medical and other supplies and equipment arrived in yangon .
3	* the us aid informed that the us navy will arrive in the coming days with a container vessel carrying the following items : landing crafts and desalination capacity of 25,000 gallons @/@ day ( 95,000ltrs @/@ day ) .
10	through u.s. non-governmental partners , the united states is already providing immediate assistance in the form of badly needed antibiotics to prevent the spread of water-borne illness .
1	rudraprayag-kedarnath road was badly affected by landslide and debris flow .
10	this will be an important component in alleviating serious public health risks due to the disposal of human excreta .
10 3	groups have been set up , with staff from various government sectors , to improve sanitation , purify drinking water , and disinfect the houses of cholera victims .
10 7 3	in mozambique and botswana , efforts remain focused on rescue , and priority needs are for shelter ( tents and blankets ) , food ( basic rations of cereals , pulses , and vegetable oil ) water ( water purification tablets , and units , water bladder tanks , and water collection tanks ) , sanitation ( temporary mobile toilets , insecticide sprays ) , and health .
3	* the public health engineering department is distributing water purifying chemical packets , bleaching powder packets for disinfection of tube wells , ring wells and ponds , installation and repair fo tube wells are also being carried out
8	in mid-september , kerubino kwanyin bol , renegade warlord of the pro-gos southern sudan independence movement ( ssim ) , was reportedly killed by a commander of a southern militia group known as the southern sudan united army ( ssua ) .
8	in the north-eastern city of gao the situation grew more desperate as reports of rape , widespread looting and restrictions of movement emerged under a motley crew of rebels and criminal groups .
3	beijing , jan 30 ( reuters ) @-@ the southern chinese sugar-producing region of guangxi is suffering from a prolonged drought which has left almost a quarter of a million people without enough drinking water , state media said on saturday .
10	the undp country director made the comments in district 16 in montserrado county when he turned over 100 wind-up solar energy radios and 100 panasonic solar lanterns to ebola survivors and orphans in new kru town , one of the communities hardly hit by the ebola virus disease ( evd ) .
3	" as many as two units of water tank trucks with a capacity of 8000 liters have been dispatched directly from the pmi nhq in jakarta on tuesday ( 28 @/@ 12 , ) and it is targeted to arrive at this evening ( 29 @/@ 12 ) in probolinggo .
1	humanitarian agencies in the region are experiencing difficulties distributing relief food as most roads have been rendered impassable .
10	m é decins sans fronti è res @/@ holland continues providing support to mental health institutions in the country ( 1,500 beneficiaries ) in construction ; distribution of relief goods ( food , medicines , bedding material and crutches ) ; training of health staff ; and supervision of the health status of patients .
1	meanwhile , guangdong-based information times newspaper reported saturday that two tornados hit nanhai city , tearing off factory roofs , knocking down trees and killing nine people .
3	" we 're providing clean water to people who would otherwise be forced to walk more than 12 miles just for muddy pond water .
10	the ability to pick dengue from influenza is crucial , as dengue can progress into a more serious illness called dengue haemorrhagic fever ( dhf ) .
8	while the west point lockdown caused riots , people have largely accepted the measures to contain them in dolo town .
8	three-quarters of the funding is aimed at critically food insecure populations that have suffered from prolonged conflict .
10	in the damaged localities the morbidity of respiratory infections ( pneumonia , bronchitis , and acute respiratory diseases ) have increased more than twofold ; gastrointestinal infections have increased by 40 % ; hepatitis " a " has increased by 30 % ; there has been a tendency to a rise in depressive conditions and also in cardiovascular diseases , etc.
10	bangkok , jun 11 , 2006 ( xinhua via comtex ) -- many villagers in the flood- stricken northern thai provinces of phitsanulok and phichit are now suffering from multiple diseases as the floodwaters which have inundated the provinces for weeks have begun to blacken and emit foul odors .
3	they specialise in emergency water sanitation and most of ezra 's 28-man team are veterans of the tsunami where they were trained to run mobile water filtration units .
8	at least a quarter of the new trainees have been forced to join the support unit , which includes the riot squad which has been prominent in recent assaults on township residents .
7	a 15 year old girl has been reported missing in the neighbouring cao bang province following a flash flood .
10	the ifrc is currently building a new ebola treatment center ( etc ) which will eliminate the need to transfer critically-ill patients via a 4-hour journey on a difficult road to the closest etc in kenema .
10	as measles vaccination coverage is as low as 60 % the risk that an epidemic will develop is large .
1	the villages had been cut off from rest of the country due to rivers breaching the danger mark and washing away roads and bridges .
3	at the same time , the yield this year is estimated to drop by some 30-40 percent due to the severe water shortages in the two main producing provinces and to significant aphid attacks ( the latter directly observed by the mission ) .
10	the usually-packed streets are almost empty , as residents observe quarantine measures in a bid to halt a particularly severe outbreak of a virus which has killed 2,000 west africans , half of them in liberia .
3	locate and repair damaged pipelines , sewer lines , and water towers to help ensure that clean water is available
10	most have died from snakebites , drowning and gastro-intestinal illness .
3	koh samui , 5 may 2014 ( nnt ) – the manager of the koh samui waterworks office is hastening to solve a problem with taps that have run dry in some areas , as a result of the recent rainfall deficit on the island .
10 3	helicopters food , water , medicines , fuel and firefighting equipment were among the supplies much needed for people affected by the eruption of mount nyiragongo , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said .
10 3	health officials on a daily basis are visiting about 400 homes , treating 350 patients and disinfecting 150 wells by putting bleaching powder as a precautionary measure to curb any water borne infections and fogging the area .
10	an outbreak of acute hemorrhage fever syndrome has been reported from an isolated village in gulran district of herat province .
3	areas affected by the cyclone still flood twice daily at high tide , which contaminates drinking water and makes farming impossible , leaving families reliant on emergency food and water distribution .
10	the 2002 government-unicef-wfp nutrition survey showed that 42 % of the country 's children below seven years of age are chronically malnourished , 9 % are acutely malnourished and 70,000 are severely malnourished , requiring special hospital care for their survival .
10	**how a highly contagious virus was stopped dead in its tracks** dr rui vaz and the who country team of epidemiologists , clinicians , logisticians and administrators have identified a number of specific lessons that may be useful for other countries facing their first imported ebola case or preparing for one .
10 3	mr. mccarthy agreed that the current cholera outbreak in zimbabwe and throughout the region is but a " manifestation " of substandard health , water and hygiene systems , noting that more than half of all childhood deaths in africa are attributable to diarrhoeal disease .
7	" a massive rescue operation is under way , " dass added , as hundreds of paramilitary troopers were rushed to the disaster site in sumgarh town , some 450 kilometres ( 279 miles ) from state capital of dehradun .
1 3	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
3	in pure desperation , she and the children set out on foot recently , tracking three days across parched terrain and areas of famine and war to come to dust filled dollo ado in search of food and water .
10	south sudan 's minister of health michael milly hussein said health workers were alerted to " ensure that all suspected cases are detected on time . "
10	moreover , “ the amount of virus circulating in humans and mosquitoes in this outbreak is very high , ” he said .
1	at another sichuan school , the classrooms stood but dorms collapsed on napping children .
3	thousands of families were left homeless after floods that followed a prolonged drought and water rationing in algiers since mid-october .
7	some 1,000 troops , helicopters and hercules transport aircraft have joined the rescue effort along with aid agencies and volunteers .
7	rustam pakaya , head of the health ministry 's crisis centre , said rescuers had been searching for the victims in the south east part of the island since thursday .
10	a medical assessment team in phuket assisted local health and medical authorities identify the bodies of tsunami victims and conduct dna testing .
8	some 52,000 idps are currently living there , down from a peak of 100,000 after the latest violence erupted in december .
1	many poor people who cannot afford to buy land have built on communal spaces , including on land previously reserved for channelling water .
3	@-@ the water supply in bogale is mainly from community ponds and open wells containing untreated water .
1	the area was severely affected by the tsunami and lamno received an enormous influx of internally displaced people ( idp ) coming from the surrounding villages .
1	they are bringing supplies ( timber , wcs ) to build latrines , and hiring plumbers , masons , carpenters and electricians to set up basic infrastructure in the camps .
1	once aftershocks subside , cities that still have standing buildings will check them for soundness , and likely let people back in some .
7	nusrat mai , a woman from the village of basti ghota near multan , told afp from a makeshift camp : " the floods have completely destroyed us , boats came to rescue us . . . we don't have food and we don't have anything . "
3	it is also establishing reverse osmosis plants , powered by solar energy , to ensure that people get treated drinking water easily .
10	and illnesses , malnutrition , and poverty-related infectious diseases .
10 3	poorer families are reduced to drinking untreated water , often fetched directly from the river , putting them at risk of deadly diseases such as cholera . "
7	in addition , the agency is using 78 boats in the limpopo river basin for the search and rescue operation and for ferrying food supplies to the four temporary camps where the rescued are being gathered .
3	this would still be far below what is needed to sufficiently recharge the depleted aquifers .
10	as a precaution , antibiotics were administered to 37 patients ( 100 % ) to combat potential bacterial infections associated with their gastrointestinal illness .
3	an official added that the facilities are using jhelum river water and are purifying all chemical and bacterial contamination .
10 3	so the issues like chicken pox in children , heat in the temporary shelters , problems in water supply in temporary shelters , problems of people cooking inside the temporary shelters in traditional chulah 's , stinking of waterlogged area etc. , received low priority and were not involved in the resolution .
10 3	but beyond the immediate medical needs of the stricken population , aid officials agreed that waning supplies of food and clean drinking water would quickly threaten traumatized survivors .
1	two nearby residential houses and a secondary school were destroyed by the explosions , the prime minister said .
10	people are suffering from various cold-related illness , " said adithshah durjoy , the ifrc 's disaster management officer , after the assessment .
10	can adequate sanitary facilities be provided to prevent illness among the survivors ?
1	maintenance of infrastructure in the shelter communities will include repairing leaky roofs , constructing kitchen extensions , waterproofing wood structures , and improving access roads .
10 3	the rehabilitation of the water supply systems was recommended through increasing the number of water taps ; installing taps in emergency and intensive care units ; gynaecology wards and improving and upgrading washing points for patients in hospitals and clinics .
7	the military mounted a massive rescue operation in the worst-hit areas , plucking stranded victims to safety .
7	the teams will return to the valleys tomorrow by helicopter to deliver aid , evacuate wounded people and collect news of families that have lost contact with their loved ones .
8	additionally , aceh , the northernmost tip of sumatra , continues to engage in armed struggles between the government of indonesia and those achenese aspiring for independence .
10 3	there are inadequate food and water supplies , and the threat of cholera grows each day as a result of unsanitary living conditions .
3	nevertheless , other sub-regions in this area are experiencing severe drought conditions and people travel for lengthy periods to obtain water .
1	later , an explosion destroyed the outer shell of the reactor building above the containment on 14 march .
10	tb patients whose treatment has been disrupted risk developing drug resistant strains of the disease , a growing public health threat , which is a further burden on nepal ’ s health care system .
3	the quake destroyed or disrupted much of the water systems in the area surrounding the epicenter , with the whole of the zemmouri village remaining without running water , and most of the area around it continuing to lack reliable electricity supply .
3	medium to long term needs will include reconstruction and rehabilitation of housing , water supply schemes and sanitation facilities .
10	incidences of malaria , diarrhea , and upper respiratory infections have increased in flood-stricken areas , although a recent outbreak of hemorrhagic fever among people and livestock is subsiding .
8	in the latest incident , oguna said tfg forces engaged al-shabab militants suspected of killing four somali civilians in an ambush on a car transporting khat @-@ a leafy , marijuana-type plant that is chewed like tobacco .
1	it will focus on the mongu district and will attempt to comprehensively clear major and minor irrigation canals across the plains
8	following disputed presidential elections in december 2001 , general strikes and blockades on the main highways crippled madagascar 's economy .
10	the launch of the vaccination campaign follows a tail-off in activity for the iom medical team running the iom @/@ usaid triage tent for incoming wounded at banda aceh 's sultan iskandar muda airbase .
1	behind them are dozens of shattered buildings .
10	critical supplies include antibiotics , analgesics , personal care items and feminine hygience products , anti-malarials , vitamins and nutritional supplements , cold and cough medicines , disposable gloves , burn creams , antithelmics , wound care supplies , vaccines oral rehydration solution , and sutures and surgical supplies .
1	afghanistan in 2004-2005 suffered its worst winter for a decade after seven years of drought and has little infrastructure to cope with flood waters resulting from storms and melting snow .
3	lack of safe drinking water , poor sanitation and unhygienic practices contribute to high child and women mortality rates .
10 7	luxembourg will sent power supply , kits medicines , equipment for search and rescue teams , communication equipment , 1 vehicle for sniffing dogs and 1 mini bus
3	through collaborative effort of unicef , irc , icrc , oxfam , water supply system with sanitary latrines and washing structures has been installed in the camps .
10	conakry , guinea , 29 december --the united nations development programme ( undp ) has made additional incentive payments to 758 health personnel working in four ebola treatment units in guinea , ensuring their life-saving work can continue without any interruption .
1	recent snow flurries and fog have prevented the planned airdrops from taking place as frequently as had been hoped , and the increasingly muddy roads make truck convoys hazardous at times .
10	“ we ’ ve received reports of children separated from their families , which leaves them highly vulnerable to other unseen dangers like sexual violence , forced recruitment by armed groups , and fatal diseases such as cholera and malaria . ”
10	some have said governments have over-reacted to what is , so far , not a particularly lethal virus .
8	a group of " kenyan " protestors shouted at a muslim woman , before chanting at another groups of somali women : " we 're in kenya here ! "
10 3	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
1	entire settlements of mud-brick houses are reported to have been swept away , major bridges have collapsed , and some major provincial cities have been totally cut off after road and rail links were severed .
3	kenya red cross will distribute non-food items ( nfis ) including blankets , collapsible jerrycans , tarpaulins , mosquito bed nets , kitchen sets and aqua tabs to purify water .
3	immediate needs for the victims are water , food , hygeine kits and temporary shelter .
8	" we further condemn the apparent retaliatory attacks against members of ethnic groups associated with the situation in the north , " nuland said .
3	these early rains were not nearly enough to ease the hydrologic drought , but did result in some superficial relief .
3	this includes rehabilitating wells , rebuilding homes , restoring livelihoods , and providing appropriate trauma counseling .
3	a field laboratory established at bhuj with facilities for testing chlorine in water , growth of coliform bacteria in water and slides for malaria .
3	however , the government had taken necessary steps , including management of its distribution process , cancellation of holidays of the kwsb employees , installation of meters on main waterlines to control leakages and thefts .
3	consumers have little possibility of desalinating such water .
10	a three-member helen keller nutrition team will work with surfaid carrying out nutrient supplementation for children and mothers , anemia testing and conducting rapid nutritional assessments .
3	concerning recommendations on water , most households in the seychelles received treated water from the public utility companies main supply , however during periods of inadequate rain fall , the public utility companies increased supply through desalination plants and draft plans to maximize the country ’ s use of water resources .
10 3	winter demands that the priorities are reconstruction of homes , health services @-@ particularly treatment of respiratory illnesses @-@ food , clean water and restoration of livelihoods .
8	ruto and sang are among suspects before the icc for confirmation hearings over their role in the post-poll violence .
10	the un world health organization ( who ) describes dengue as " a mosquito-borne infection that causes a severe flu-like illness , and sometimes a potentially lethal complication called dengue haemorrhagic fever " .
3	in collaboration with oxfam , concern is planning to restore clean drinking water and construct some 600 temporary latrines in the affected villages .
10 7	following february ’ s christchurch earthquake , australia deployed a total of three 72-strong urban search and rescue ( usar ) teams ; a 24 person medical assistance team including trauma surgeons and nurses ; a 75-bed field hospital ; 16 ambulance officers ; and 500 police drawn from state and federal police agencies .
10 7	the number of the injured stayed at 374,177 and people reported missing dropped one from sunday 's figure to 18,403 after the 8.0-magnitude quake jolted southwestern sichuan province and neighboring regions on may 12 .
1	although the wet season was supposed to have ended in march , heavy rain fell near the south jakarta-tangerang border in bintaro and bumi serpong damai on thursday , causing flooding as high as 40 centimeters on the toll road linking the two residential areas .
3	soldiers temporarily gave up the grim task of gathering corpses from the streets , while private relief groups halted the distribution of food , blankets , clothing and water to victims of the devastation .
8	harald braun ( germany ) , aligning his delegation with the european union , said that over the past years , targeted violence against women and girls , frequently committed in front of family members , was used as a tactic of war to terrorize local populations and break down community structures .
10 3	* there are also fears of disease from ruined sewage systems and drinking water sources , but health minister mohammad naseer khan told reuters vaccination teams were fanning out to innoculate people against diseases such as cholera and tetanus .
1	the bank 's participation comprises assistance for the rehabilitation of a number of public infrastructural facilities hit by the earthquake , particularly in the sectors of education , health and vocational training .
1	the inclement weather has suspended helicopter relief flights and triggered landslides that have severed road links in different parts of the quake-affected areas .
10	they are also providing mobile clinic services to smaller evacuation shelters .
3	what we need in addition to what we have or have ordered is the following : 3,000 more tarps , 1,500 food kits , 5,000 jerry cans ( to hold water ) , 10 2,000-liter water bladders , 10,000 paraffin lamps , charcoal for cooking .
8	07 @/@ 09 @/@ 2012 03 : 04 gmt by romaric ollo hien ouagadougou , july 9 , 2012 ( afp ) @-@ west african leaders are growing increasingly impatient with mali 's slow progress in ending a political crisis that has seen islamist fighters seize more than half its territory .
10	world vision has swung into action in mumbai , providing cooked food and medical care in a number of flood-affected communities around the city .
10	usaid 's regional development mission @/@ asia manages regional programs , strengthening u.s. relations with asean members , and country-specific programs in mainland southeast asia ( burma , china , laos , and vietnam ) as well as hiv @/@ aids and environmental programs that extend east into the pacific and west into south asia .
3	on 9 september , iom signed a us $ 500,000 agreement with world vision ( wv ) to fund iom activities to improve vital water and sanitation services for transitional settlements in ampara and kalutara districts .
8	turkmenistan 's harsh crackdown on opposition figures in the ongoing probe of the alleged assassination attempt on niyazov in november draws sharp criticism from washington and human rights groups .
10 3	in the short-term , care is providing medicine to combat diarrhea , cholera and other diseases ; hygiene messages instructing villagers on what steps to take to prevent waterborne diseases ; and five tons of food and other basic necessities .
8	we call on all parties to the conflict to not only respect the civil population but also humanitarian action . ”
8	in recent months , boko haram insurgents have targeted reprisal attacks at locals who have fought alongside the military as vigilantes .
10	a total of 842,185 consultations and cases treated were recorded by the arcs clinics in the course of 2001 , while 8,156 complicated cases were referred to hospitals , while in the last quarter of the year , 145,942 consultations and cases treated were recorded and 1,130 complicated cases were referred to hospital .
7	rescuers piled bodies on the banks of the murky waterways , used mainly to drain industrial waste .
4	widespread perceptions of high-level corruption contributed to the enthusiasm with which capt amadou sanogo was welcomed immediately after his 22 march 2012 coup .
10	a large team of 1,000 indian naval personnel are already in two locations of the island carrying out relief work and treating thousands of survivors .
8	the azawad national liberation movement ( mouvement national de liberation de l ’ azawad , ( mnla ) , a tuareg armed opposition group , launched a military uprising in the north of the country last month .
10 3	contaminated water sources have now been sealed to prevent the disease spreading among the hundreds of thousands of cyclone victims still living in the open .
10 3	" lack of water in kenya is associated with the high mortality rate among children under five years old , which is primarily due to waterborne diseases such as diarrhoea , malaria , and amoebic dysentery .
8	" the burundians and the ugandans advanced with tanks towards deynile and heavy clashes erupted , " witness ise abdulahi said .
10	to date , across all districts covered by the unicef-supported cccs , over 6,000 patients have been triaged with more than 500 patients admitted .
8	some idps have been taken in by host families in safer areas but many others had to set up makeshift camps outside villages or find shelter in the bush in order to flee the violent fighting around the towns .
8	the french-led offensive continues to battle ongoing insurgent attacks in a nation weakened by a deeply divided military and where hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes .
10 3	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
3	pakistan red crescent society keeping in view the latest situation in hunza has moved water filtration plant to hunza .
7	this is the third helicopter sent by the government of japan o join relief and rescue operation in the quake affected areas of ajk and nwfp .
3	in the neighboring gansu province where more than 360 people were killed in the massive quake , water supply had been restored for 597,000 of the 647,400 affected .
10	while vitamin a supplementation is being carried out across the country with the polio campaign , it is worthwhile to remember that this vitamin is abundant in mother 's milk , green leafy vegetables , milk , milk products and yellow fruits .
10	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
8	since a joint offensive earlier this year , the militant group has stepped up attacks in chad and niger , the other members of the coalition that border its stronghold in northeastern nigeria .
8	kathmandu , apr 11 , 2009 ( xinhua via comtex ) -- at least six kosi flood victims were injured when police clashed with the flood victims who were staging a protest at haripur , sunsari district in eastern nepal , the national news agency rss reported on sunday .
1	" although it is prefabricated , the hospital we are constructing is designed to resist earthquake tremors like last year 's as well as cyclones with wind speeds of about 180 km per hour , " explains chetri .
10	this clinic is maintained and staffed by the jamaican government and supported by regular , coordinated visits by volunteer dentists and hygienists from the united states .
3	to prevent the spread of infectious disease , care will help repair wells by pumping them dry , chlorinating them and fixing any damaged hand pumps .
8	serbia had faced foreign fighters during the conflict in kosovo and metohija and radical preachers were currently active there and in south-west serbia , potentially recruiting young people to fight in alleged religious wars .
1	unops has undertaken assessment of 20 school sites and rubble clearing operations of three damaged schools in bagh .
8	over the past three months , at least 80 civilians have lost their lives in indiscriminate attacks on public transport and crowded public places .
10	" there is no doctor to help more than 50 people in this hospital , " said a relative of an unconcious man .
10	care international , the world 's third largest aid agency , is warning a serious public health threat could be on the way as the floodwater recedes .
1	many people are reported to have died in northern nigeria after water spilled from hydroelectric dams flooded @-@ and in some cases swept away @-@ villages this week , news organisations reported .
10	@-@ earthquake victims ' with severe trauma or amputation need prostheses .
3 8	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
8	altit , pakistan , may 21 ( reuters ) @-@ hundreds of villagers shouting anti-government slogans in northern pakistan on friday denounced the authorities ' failure to offer compensation to residents displaced by a lake created after a landslide .
3	mr ewabo says eruptions have intensified since sunday sending fine ash into the nearby villages ' water wells and there are fears drinking water may have been contaminated by sulphuric acid .
10	six medical doctors participated in overseas training on most recent practices in reproductive health including essential obstetric care , management of complications in deliveries , various contraceptive methods , family planning counselling , prevention and treatment of reproductive tract infections as well as sexually transmitted infections .
10	in addition to the at least 350 dead and uncounted numbers of injured , hundred-year-old trees have been uprooted , powerlines brought down everywhere , billboards collapsed , and houses demolished .
8	police baton-charged a group of kosi flood victims and also fired into the air to take the unruly crowd into control after it stopped the police vehicle and started pelting stones at it .
8	along with a peace deal known as the algiers accord , it aims to bring stability to the country , which has seen several tuareg uprisings since the 1960 s and has been a sanctuary for islamist fighters linked to al-qaeda .
1	part of the money will be used to work with other organizations to build a new hospital in ryongchon , north korea , the site of a deadly train explosion in april that killed more than 160 people and caused widespread destruction .
1	private volunteer groups said scores of flattened villages had yet to be reached because of boulders and landslides blocking roads rising to elevations of 11,000 feet ( 3,333 metres ) .
10 3	but he feared that if aid for food , clean water , sanitation , shelter , health care and basic household goods was not provided soon enough , there could be a second wave of deaths due to waterborne diseases .
3	however , they depend on piped water and at the moment shokhrukh residents get water from a standpipe on the edge of the settlement .
8	according to a pakistani newspaper editorial , it was the worst violence that karachi had seen since the military takeover in 1999 .
10 3	with the allocation of $ 20,000 from the el ni ñ o response fund , care kenya was able to minimize potential health risks by providing emergency water system chlorination , an intensified anti-cholera campaign and an aerial rapid assessment of isolated communities in the district .
1	a week later , another thunderstorm flooded already inundated main thoroughfares and underpasses , forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency with no power in most of the city .
8	" there is no question that media was under fierce attack by the government of kazakhstan this past year .
8	the government should also urgently adopt initiatives to address rising ethnic tensions in the country , including by monitoring speech that incites violence and by addressing the grievances of all groups in the north , not just those that have taken up arms .
1	to date , more than 21 temporary learning centers have been completed .
8	unlike the sudden emergency of the " ethnic cleansing " of kosovo by serbian president slobodan milosevic in 1999 , which created a huge refugee population , the conditions which led to the current humanitarian situation for afghanistan 's refugee populations run back 20 years .
10	by the time aaron saw him , the boy was in severe respiratory distress —“ something that would scare any doctor in the u.s. ” removing the bead with a bronchoscope would be a relatively simple procedure in a developed country , but they lacked the instrument in akobo .
10	this may be an opportune time to make a paradigm shift towards gradually phasing out existing custodial psychiatric hospitals and to developing community services for people with severe mental disorders .
10	@-@ 162 u.s. military and civilian cargo airlift flights have delivered about 1900 tons of medical supplies , food , shelter material , blankets , and rescue equipment to pakistan .
8	in recent months , the international community has revamped efforts to resolve the protracted unrest that has resulted in the country being carved up by warlords , extremist militia and pirates ruling vast regions .
1	the secretary-general , accompanied by his wife , nane , then examined the damage done to the town and saw frogmen searching for bodies offshore , while fishing boats lay overturned in the streets amid buildings that had collapsed .
1	heavy rainfall combined with a landslide turned the river vere , which flows through tbilisi , into a raging torrent that over the weekend swept away dozens of buildings and cars .
10	one girl has a fever , a cough and some chest pain and is not better yet .
3	this enabled crwrc to continue with rehabilitation and reconstruction phases , and build 2,004 permanent earthquake resistant homes , dig 244 wells to provide access to potable drinking water as old ones were salinated , and provide temporary electricity with generators to 18 villages in addition to its short-term aid .
10	“ we need proper toilets in the camp otherwise we will be exposed to a possible outbreak of diseases including chest infections emanating from dust inhalation which is a major problem at the moment , ” says kisco chika , another teacher at the camp .
10 3	as a result of the disruption in safe drinking water supplies in drought-affected areas , the population is now exposed to higher risks of water-borne diseases .
10	" she was not only suffering from severe-acute malnutrition , but another illness @-@ pulmonary tuberculosis . "
3	chenzhou , a city of about 4 million in the central province of hunan , began its 11 th day without power on tuesday , with people lining up at fire hydrants with buckets to get water .
3	" installing a desalinization plant in swarankhola would be a costly proposition for the government , " said shamsul alam , executive engineer of the department of public health and engineering .
10	children reporting at the health facility are suffering from all types of illnesses including fever , dehydration , diarrhoea and chest infection , ” he said .
3	" we even have to ration water in the rainy season to ensure there is something in reserve when it 's dry , " he said .
3	jilin city suffered a major chemical spill in november 2005 , when an explosion at a petrochemical plant released tonnes of hazardous chemicals into the river .
1	while repairing flood-damaged infrastructure , governments would intensify investment in water conservancy projects , especially in harnessing small and medium-sized rivers , preventing and controlling mountain torrents and reinforcing reservoirs , said the instructions .
3	doctors say that wells and streams in many villages have become polluted because of the poor sanitary conditions .
10	currently the best treatment on the market for drug-resistant malaria is artemisinin combination therapy ( act ) .
8	reportedly the influx is due to increased interethnic violence and bombing in southeastern sudan .
1	@-@ we also helped organise communities to help themselves by repairing infrastructure , such as roads , and to plant trees to prevent soil erosion .
1	mohammad daiem kakar , the head of the national disaster management agency , said the landslide had moved the entire village 20 to 30 metres down the mountainside .
1	with the rivers deltaic region under threat , reports of boat capsizing , walls collapsing and human and cattle drowning trickled in , raising the death toll to at least 21 .
3	the commission said the city is in dire need of food , cereals , medicines and water treatment devices , warning against " a health calamity " due to the destroyed sewerage system .
3	refugees who have moved to the relocation centers have complained about lack of clean water , toilets and electricity and some have abandoned them in favor of other places such as government buildings and mosques .
1	auckland , july 5 ( afp ) @-@ the death toll rose on friday as atrocious typhoon weather that has wiped out entire families , made thousands homeless and brought havoc to airlines and electricity grids continued to rage across asia .
10	a team of local first-aiders from the nepal red cross society was among the first people on the scene in nishal ’ s community in sitapaila , a suburb of kathmandu , and were able to help nishal regain consciousness and dress his head wounds .
10	dr villar is examining the medical charts of nurhayati , who has a fractured arm and severe abdominal pain .
1	@-@ evacuations in india @-@ as the grim search continued , india stepped up the evacuation of thousands of residents from its eastern state of bihar , amid fears the landslide would unleash flash floods downstream across the border , inundating villages .
3	it is reported that almost all the hand pumps are in operation ; disaffection of tubewells has been completed and desalination plants are being set up .
10	adequate funds for the procurement of food supplies , vegetable seeds and medicines is required to ensure a timely distribution .
10 3	they have no access to clean or safe water , toilets , habitable shelter or adequate food , which has prompted concerns about a possible increase in cases of malaria , water-borne diseases and malnutrition .
10	public health minister chaiya sasomsup said on tuesday that the pharmaceuticals and kits would be sent by a c-130 military transport aircraft to cyclone-hit areas in myanmar soon with the help of thai foreign ministry , thai news agency reported .
10	this humanitarian emergency situation resulted in casualties due to injuries from burns , crush injuries , injuries to the eyes due to glass splinters from broken glass , injuries to the ear due to the loud sound of the blast , and respiratory complications due to inhalation of toxic fumes and smoke .
10	homeless flood victims urgently need warm clothing , blankets , food , medicine , and insulated tents .
10	treating infection , saving lives “ cholera is an easily treatable disease with oral rehydration salts to replace lost fluids , ” says plan canada ’ s stephanie ashton-smith .
10	" the number of cases of intestinal illnesses with a fatal outcome will grow every day as a result , " shamsia islomova , a resident of the hissar district , told iwpr .
8	somalia has suffered two decades of conflict , worsening droughts and heavy flooding .
7	the u.s. rescue teams , comprised of approximately 150 personnel and 12 canines trained to detect live victims , are scheduled to arrive on the morning of march 13 in misawa , japan .
10	he put the latest death toll at 32 after nearly three weeks of flooding in 11 southwestern districts , although the unofficial death toll is estimated at more than 100 , resulting mainly from snake bites , drowning and gastro-intestinal diseases .
8	dostam , a former communist general , has been active in the south of northern balkh province , but khan had not shown his hand until monday night 's surprise attack .
10	as flood waters recede , there has been a marked increase in water-borne diseases , especially diarrhoea , pneumonia and skin infections , among flood survivors , many of whom are still awaiting relief .
8	government troops reportedly killed 70 of the freed prisoners , while another 140 turned themselves in .
10	" we need medicines but do not have access to any so i am trying to do homeopathic treatment .
10	people are in urgent need of tents , warm clothing , blankets , wood for burning purposes , medicines and canned and dry food .
8	last march , they reached an agreement with president laurent gbagbo to disarm and reunite the nation after years of failed foreign-backed peace efforts .
8	however , a preoccupation with an unfolding political crisis that could see a parliamentary motion to impeach embattled president frederick chiluba being passed appears to have diverted official attention from the resultant social crisis .
10	" normally we are out here transporting passengers in and out of afghanistan on a daily basis so it was a different challenge transporting tents and medical supplies , including anti-malarial medicine , to pakistan .
8	the assault came on a day of violence that started when militants opened fire on troops in the former islamist stronghold of goundam , 80 kilometres ( 50 miles ) from timbuktu , killing two soldiers and a child .
1	of the 25 sites in total in northern sri lanka , oxfam has been given responsibility to cover all requirements for water and sanitation , garbage disposal , and semipermanent community building for all 12 sites in killinochchi and some of the 13 sites in mullaitivu
3	the sub par rain during the wet season has caused major water shortages , stressed pastures and greatly reduced soil moisture levels across interior parts of the province during the dry season .
8	authorities responded by imposing a rarely-used provision in pakistani law that affords emergency powers to police , and more than 100 protesters , mostly idps but also some activists , were arrested , and many charged with crimes including terrorism and sedition , which could carry the death penalty .
10	a new case of wild polio virus has been reported in dolo @/@ warder zone , bringing the total number of wild polio virus cases to 10 since the beginning of the current outbreak in may 2013 .
8	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
10	in america meanwhile , a texas nurse who was the second us healthcare worker infected with ebola while caring for a deceased liberian patient left hospital after being declared cured of the virus .
10 1	access to reproductive health services in rawalakot is constrained by the severely damaged infrastructure and the lack of existing health facilities that can provide good quality basic antenatal care with referral to comprehensive emergency obstetric care .
10 3	people have to drink dirty water , and they become ill with diarrhoea ; then the food they eat passes straight through them and they get little nutritional value .
3	as for long-term solutions , provincial authorities have made a request for budget to set up a medium-sized irrigation system in the district , so that the locals will have sufficient supply of water .
10	the injectable @/@ inactivated polio vaccine ( ipv ) is said to be highly effective in preventing paralytic disease caused by all three types of poliovirus and is currently being used by a majority of the polio-free developed and advanced countries .
8	rahanweyn resistance army ( rra ) militia forces have reportedly captured territory in the southern shabeellaha hoose region , according to the ' xog-ogaal ' newspaper on monday .
8	unionists , priests and thousands of representatives from civic groups launched a civil disobedience campaign on sunday 2 december to force zimbabwe 's government to implement political reforms and to stage a free presidential election .
1	consecutive heavy rains have also wreaked havoc in east china 's zhejiang province , where serious geological disasters have destroyed infrastructure , forcing at least 19,000 residents in 37 counties to evacuate and toppling 1,600 rural houses , according to the zhejiang provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters .
8	the olf has pursued armed opposition since leaving the coalition government in 1993 , and has been blamed for insecurity on the roads in eastern haraghe , now vital for transportation of relief supplies into the ogaden region .
8	it could also provide pointers for other asian countries , such as the philippines , in how to untangle seemingly intractable separatist rebellions over long-standing grievances .
3	continuing sri lanka 's assistance to maldives to address ongoing water crisis in the capital , male , sri lanka air force in a special humanitarian operation transported essential spares and accessories by air for the repairs of desalination facility in male , yesterday ( 11 th dec ) .
8	a majority of them were victims as a result of indiscriminate shelling .
8	setting-up of a national commission of inquiry to look into cases of human rights violations , including extra-judicial executions , arbitrary arrests and detentions , torture , enforced disappearances , support the efforts to held accountable those responsible ( military and responsible ) for these violations .
10 1	" health centres that should be there to help people suffering from diarrhoea and infections linked to the water and sanitation conditions cannot function , " yevi magloire , head of medicine and paediatrics in the southeastern department of ou é m é , told irin .
1	power and communications lines are down , and road access to devastated areas is blocked by debris .
8	conflict between militia groups allied to one side or the other , or even acting independently , continues to create chaos , disruption and displacement in the localities of the oil-producing areas in unity state @/@ western upper nile region , and most recently in eastern upper nile .
3	flooding in the major cities has resulted in large amounts of waste being released into open water , contaminating water supplies .
1	the wharf at bengkulu suffered only slight damage and is serviceable but the approach road crosses two bridges that are affected and only safe for light trucks .
10 3	the rp calls for rebuilding the health care infrastructure on all levels : reconstructing hospitals and health centers in the towns and health posts in the rural areas , sanitation projects to provide more hygenic latrines and clean water supplies , and educational & vaccination campaigns .
7	the 8.0-magnitude quake centered on wenchuan county , about 100 km southwest of beichuan , has left more than 69,000 people dead , about 18,000 missing and millions homeless .
1	poorly nourished families are continuing to arrive in relief camps , fleeing the oncoming winter and leaving behind villages damaged by the 7.6 magnitude earthquake .
8	moulaye cherif ha ï dara , a malian journalist with national media bureau ortm , told irin from timbuktu : “ almost all of the arabs have fled timbuktu , fearing reprisal attacks .
3	assistance with the provision of safe drinking water , drainage of stagnant water and disinfection for spraying of open communal latrines will be undertaken .
10	free medical checkups are arranged to monitor malnutrition cases and other ailments .
1	similarly , for the resumption of basic education services to poor and vulnerable primary school age populations , over 6,000 temporary schools have been made functional with basic physical infrastructure ( 20 transitional shelters & 17426 tents ) , learning materials and teachers with the support of unicef .
3	ensuring safe drinking water and sanitation is always a priority , so the red cross red crescent has worked to rehabilitate 56 water supply systems and installed 3,500 latrines , 305 washrooms and 350 waste bins , directly benefiting 105,000 people in affected areas .
10	these are then followed by acute gastritis , intestinal parasites , gynaecological and obstetric diseases and other non-communicable diseases including hypertension and diabetes . "
8	he claimed that mugabe is likely to urge kabila to reach a settlement with the rwandan and ugandan-backed rebels fighting to oust him , adding that the pressure on the government is likely to increase in the next few months .
3	you walk past mudbrick houses ; constructions in ruins ( the villagers cannot afford to repair them ) ; outdoor terraces ( an area covered with thick fabric to block out the sun ) .
1	around 15 to 20 percent of the city of eight million people , plus large areas in satellite towns , is still under water , officials said .
3	today , in addition to our work for the people of gao , kidal and timbuktu , we are repairing wells used by herders and installing hand pumps in rural areas .
3	overall the pastoral districts ( turkana , moyale , mandera , wajir , tana river , marsabit , garissa , isiolo , samburu , and kajiado ) are currently experiencing more acute food and water shortages than the marginal agricultural areas .
3	in the maldives , the public health laboratory has been provided with laboratory equipment such as a water purification system and accessories to assist in surveillance and monitoring of chemical and microbiological contaminants in food .
8	these include wanton killings , summary executions , forced participation in military operations – including the use of children to detonate bombs , forced labour , forced marriage and sexual violence , including rape , ” high commissioner zeid said .
10	it will be implemented in 2013 and 2014 and will provide specialized nutritious foods as treatment for children aged 6-59 months with moderate acute malnutrition ( mam ) as well as malnourished pregnant and lactating women ( plws ) and food support to mothers whose children hospitalized for severe acute malnutrition .
3	world vision has distributed a total of 262 boxes of bottled water , 600 bars of soap and 60 bottles of liquid detergent to the public hospital in gunung sitoli .
10	over the following month , i think this team helped to set the tone for a style of clinical care – early aggressive rehydration , antibiotic and antimalarial treatments , and point-of-care laboratory directed treatment of metabolic and electrolyte abnormalities that has generally been adopted across west africa .
8	as a result of more than two decades of civil war , however , irrigated farmland and facilities have been neglected , and farming villages have become impoverished .
3	* water sanitation team drilled 320 new boreholes and deepened two existing boreholes in the south and western regions allowing large numbers of vulnerable people to have much needed access to safe drinking water .
7 3	c. tools and human resources : rubber boats ( 60 ) , trucks ( 22 ) , inner tubes ( 1,000 ) , flashlights ( 600 ) , kerosene lanterns ( 250 ) , clean water tanks ( 5 ) and sar teams .
10	on the 18 th the team treated a small child that was seriously dehydrated due to chronic diarrhea .
8	the purpose of a comprehensive military embargo against the taliban is to ensure that the taliban understand the international community 's conviction that negotiations must replace warfare in afghanistan so that a broadly representative government can be established , and so that afghanistan can begin its critically needed rehabilitation .
1 3	our assistance is a stepping stone towards independence by investing in rebuilding the infrastructure including water and sanitation systems , bridges roads , jetties , emergency shelters and schools . "
8	french officials say their operation in the ifoghas , during which troops have seized more than 50 weapons caches , has already confirmed their worst fears regarding the " industrial " scale of aqim and its allies ' operation in mali .
3	" it is an emergency situation and there is no time to sink boreholes , so we have to make do with what we can provide . "
3	meanwhile , icrc @/@ pmi engineers continued trucking clean water and installing water tanks and sanitation facilities , where they were most urgently needed .
1	officials from the harbour in galle said the arrival of the troops would depend on the situation at the port , which was closed due to the disaster .
10 3	dirty water , sick animals used for food and other unhealthy eating conditions are causing health issues in other parts of prey veng too , so mcc ’ s response includes cleaning wells , distributing hygiene kits and training teachers at angkearhdei about hygiene and sanitation practices .
3	women are able to come to the riverbed , scoop into the sand , and find water rather than walking for hours in search of the life sustaining resource .
1	muzaffarabad , 23 june ( irin ) @-@ some 11,000 residents of 30 villages around the city of muzaffarabad , capital of quake-hit pakistani-administered kashmir will be evacuated from their houses by the end of this month after their villages were declared unsafe and prone to further landslides , officials said on friday .
8	hundreds of thousands of malian people fled the harsh treatment and gross human rights abuses perpetrated by islamist forces as they took control of towns and cities throughout the north of the country .
1 8	the indian army , which is fighting a two decade-old separatist insurgency in the disputed border state , has been spearheading relief operations by clearing main supply roads , restoring telecommunication links , evacuating residents , establishing relief camps and distributing aid .
3	tens of thousands more are believed to have taken refuge in makeshift settlements within neighbouring host communities , and remain undocumented .
10	through inhp , care teaches mothers what they can do to safeguard their families ' health , such as practicing good hygiene and nutrition , and making use of the services offered at rural health centers known as anganwadi centers .
10	the itchy rash caused by scabies is one of the major problems people report .
8	both outlined how mali ’ s state institutions and the political leadership of the pre-coup regime of amadou toumani toure had been rotting from the inside out ( or perhaps from the ‘ head down ’ as the proverb in the title has it ) for some time before the ‘ tipping point ’ of state collapse .
3	reservoirs , ponds and wells in the western indian state of gujarat dried up seven months ago and villagers like bharti jostle around empty wells for hours , often in temperatures that go up to 44 degrees celsius ( 111 fahrenheit ) , waiting for tankers that bring muddy water and dump it into the wells .
1	recent snowfalls have dramatically hampered relief efforts , blocking roads and forcing aid workers to resort to work on foot only . the severe cold wave has plunged night-time temperatures below zero , with minus 13 degrees in the highest villages .
10	vaccination of pregnant women and patients with chronic lung diseases will also be conducted in outpatient clinics .
3	actionaid is working closely with partner organisations on the ground to distribute essential relief items , including dry food , oral rehydration saline , water purifying tablets and clothing to over 30,000 people .
10	note to the editors : over 4 million children are projected to suffer from acute malnutrition this year across the nine countries of the sahel , including nearly 1.1 million children who will face life-threatening severe acute malnutrition .
1	thousands more remain homeless and emergency relief teams are hampered in their efforts to provide assistance as many areas remain inaccessible , communication is poor .
10	@-@ establish additional therapeutic feeding centres and train health workers in the management of severe undernutrition .
10	in liberia , which has been hardest-hit by the outbreak with 694 deaths , the government has denied permission for any crew to disembark from ships docking at any of the country 's four ports .
8	analysts believe the sanctions are largely symbolic , with little or no proven operational links with overseas extremists , despite boko haram 's leader abubakar shekau praising jihadi leaders .
7	he said at least 4,000 mud houses were washed away and that relief workers had been sent to check on 400,000 marooned villagers .
10 3	the appeal covers relief and rehabilitation programmes designed to restock herds , improve water supply and pastureland irrigation , provide food security through nutrition and agriculture , and ensure health , education , as well as coordination and monitoring .
3	the un official spent about 40 minutes at the sprawling camp , talking to haggard , ill-fed refugees living under plastic sheets without drinking water , sanitation facilities and defences against biting cold .
3	a total of 175 villages were hit with many of them without electricity and water supplies as temperatures plunged below freezing .
3	" the residents used to travel long distances to fetch unsafe drinking water , " said negash berhe , the icrc water engineer who supervised the project .
10	the campaign is expanding with more mobile vaccination teams to cover remote areas around muzaffarabad .
1	in addition to rebuilding schools , the aim is to create capacity to formulate policy , train teachers and refine the curriculum and textbooks .
7	beijing , aug 16 ( afp ) @-@ some 200 people are dead or missing following three days of flash flooding that hit central china 's hunan province , officials said monday .
8	the peace committee in mutur was formed in 2001 , composed of one key individual from each of 13 educational zones in the division , in an effort to reduce ethnic clashes and racial disharmony between tamils and muslims .
3	" students are learning the importance of hand washing , regular water drinking , and proper use of toilet facilities . "
1	on tuesday , a rainstorm-triggered landslide disrupted traffic on a stretch of national highway in chongqing .
3	the severe drought parching east africa has left 10 million facing hunger and the scope of one of the world 's worst unfolding humanitarian disasters conjured up memories of ethiopia 's devastating 1984 famine .
8	the fighting , which lasted about five hours and involved automatic weapons fire and mortar fire , was heard in the centre of the town and near the airport .
10	the health team has discovered the following cases which need urgent attention -fever , cough , breathing problems , diarrhea , viral conjunctivitis and otitis media .
3	a drainage system and septic tank are being constructed for the juba teaching hospital ( jth ) and the water supply is being improved .
3	@-@ $ 1,035,396 from the u.s. agency for international development office of foreign disaster assistance ( usaid @/@ ofda ) to provide an estimated 40,000 displaced and crisis affected persons with an adequate quantity and quality of water and improved sanitation facilities in banda aceh , indonesia .
10	" we are concerned that this epidemic could cross the border , contaminating the whole of the southern region of ethiopia and kenya , " she told journalists .
8	attacks , threats , intimidation and reprisals against human rights defenders were increasingly being reported .
10 8	kabul , nov 11 , 2009 ( afp ) @-@ already suffering from a deadly insurgency and crushing poverty , afghanistan now faces a new burden -- swine flu , with fear palpable across the country after 11 deaths in less than two weeks .
8	after the deadly raid six months ago , bouba , his children and their companions trekked north in fear of the jihadists to the dusty , windswept lake chad basin in the far northeast of nigeria and bordering on western chad .
8	when we saw them , we thought they were going to help us relocate our livestock , but to our surprise they are beating us up and harassing innocent civilians .
8	since the karuna defection in 2004 there have been killings and internecine conflicts making life difficult for the slmm and everyone concerned in keeping the cfa intact .
1	the most lamented victims of the quake have been thousands of children who died when school buildings collapsed .
8	cairo , jan 20 ( reuters ) @-@ egyptian police fired teargas and rubber bullets on wednesday at around 1,000 protesters in sinai who accused the government of neglecting them after flash floods damaged their homes , witnesses said .
10 7	severe tropical storms and tornadoes lashed bangladesh , resulting in 43 deaths , 150 missing , and thousands of people injured .
8	diplomats have been more concerned about an upsurge of violence in the island 's embattled east where at least 10 people were killed since saturday in apparent internecine clashes .
8	1 february @-@ ugandan defence minister amama mbabazi says situation in bunia is explosive and calls on un to send troops to take control of the area .
3	services to be provided include : water supply ; material aid and psycho-social support to families , including nutrient enriched porridge for children and the elderly ; temporary learning and recreational centers for children .
8	last week a leader from the rebel faction of the arab movement of azawad announced he was switching to the pro-government side .
10	the federal government on wednesday sent bleach powder and other disinfectants to orissa in a bid to stop or contain any outbreaks of disease .
1	since that time , the united states has repaired 14 health clinics , one sewage treatment plant and 93,000 meters of sewage systems .
10	one patient can be transported and treated safely here regardless of his or her highly contagious infection .
10	downpours and whirlwinds swept over binh dai district of the southern province of ben tre on may 4 , damaging tens of houses and injuring 28 people .
3	on 25 april , a who water specialist gave a practical demonstration to ngos on the use of water testing kits that measure the turbidity of the water sample and identify bacteria and salinity .
10	against this backdrop , he said the recent terrorist attacks had led to five civilian deaths in the capital , bamako , and to the attack against a barracks belonging to the un multidimensional integrated stabilization mission ( minusma ) in kidal that killed two malian children and a chadian peacekeeper , and injured 11 peacekeepers and three civilians .
10 3	we ’ re racing to reduce the impact of water shortages by constructing wells , drilling boreholes , and installing storage devices to capture future rainfall , in addition to promoting hygiene to prevent the spread of diarrhea , cholera , and other water-borne diseases .
8	after the 2011 elections , widespread rioting left hundreds dead .
10	many youths have suffered from skin ailments and diarrhoea .
8	some say it was worse than the barbarity inflicted on mozambique in that conflict from 1976-92 by the renamo rebels , a creation of rhodesia that later got south africa 's support .
1 3	community infrastructure projects have reached roughly 1.5 million households with efforts ranging from safe water to irrigation , roads , flood protection and micro hydroelectricity projects .
10	more than 400 sachets of residual spray have already been distributed to the highland malaria -prone areas of nandi , nyamira , kericho and bureti .
10	skin diseases due to poor hygiene or biting insects are widespread and reported to be a major problem in dadu district .
8	the report also warns that if the clan fighting extends to sorghum-producing areas in the south during this critical stage of crop harvest , it could further hamper harvesting and exert a negative impact on food security throughout somalia .
10	* 17,000 doses of measles vaccines and syringes , 200,000 doses of yellow fever vaccines and syringes , 200,000 doses of cerebrospinal meningitis vaccines and syringes and 50,000 doses of polio vaccines @-@ unicef
3	the overall situation is accompanied with limited camping space , poor hygiene practices , inadequate sanitation facilities and inadequate safe water for drinking .
3	in faizabad and kunduz , in idp camps and host communities , who sponsored water and sanitation projects have provided safe water supply , latrines and bathhouses .
10	in ethiopia , killer diseases threaten a population weakened by lack of food ; there are few doctors ( 4 per 100,000 people @-@ undp 1999 ) and most of the households studied cannot afford to pay for healthcare .
3	in rajasthan cereal and oilseed production are expected to fall by 23 percent and 17 per cent respectively , whilst 26 of the total 32 districts are reported to be facing shortages of drinking water and food , as well as feed for cattle .
1	the united states and my bureau has made available 12 steel suspension bridges in pakistan to replace those washed out by the flooding in kyber pakhtunkhwa and the federally administered tribal areas .
8	peter clottey as nigeria marks its independence day , its military appears to have made significant strides in sharply reducing attacks often launched by islamist militant group boko haram against unarmed civilians in parts of the country .
8	floggings and beatings in april , the malian government police , gendarmerie , judiciary , and corrections officials fled the towns in the north , and the rebel islamic police have since taken over many law enforcement functions .
3	a joint assessment undertaken on four islands located in the southern part of the maldives chain on 6 january indicated that most affected households have saline and @/@ or sewerage contaminated rainwater tanks .
8	on february 20 , an indonesian soldier was killed and seven others wounded when gunfire broke out between guerrillas of the free aceh movement-gam ( gerakan aceh merdeka ) and indonesian forces along aceh 's west coast -- just as the un-affiliated international organization for migration was hauling goods and supplies to survivors .
1	as anticipated , should donations not be made immediately , critical pipeline breaks will commence before the end of the year .
1	the floods also destroyed irrigation networks and five km of roads in padang and inundated thousands of hectares of paddy fields in pesisir selatan , padang , padang pariaman and agam .
10	an estimated three billion people @-@ almost half the world 's population @-@ live in malaria endemic areas .
7	the rescue operation made necessary by floods caused by incessant downpours since december was expected to cost the country up to 24 million dollars , chivambo said .
1	unicef , with government support , is setting up 50 maternity health camps , two nutritional rehabilitation centres to treat severely malnourished children , and more than 265 alternative learning spaces ( als ) to address the learning needs of 60,000 students .
1	the karakorum highway , following the ancient silk route and linking the pakistani capital islamabad with china , has been closed due to massive landslides caused by jolts .
10	to help , care will be providing mingwa and other pregnant women in boruwa with safe birthing kits since there is no access to a hospital to deliver their baby .
8	the international crisis group says that pressing ahead with july 28 would risk an election so “ technically deficient ” and with such low turnout that it would fail to bestow legitimacy on the new president and could feed a new cycle of instability .
1	to reach quake-affected villages , team members drive as far as possible on snow-covered roads , sometimes having to push the vehicle through snow drifts , and then climb through the snow .
8	when the islamist fighters saw the troops arrive " they drove us out of our homes and burnt everything down before fleeing , " he said , speaking in the regional hausa language .
10 7 1	with its emergency resources stretched to the limit and blocked roads and broken power lines hindering relief efforts , the indonesian government pleaded for foreign help in the form of specialised rescue workers , equipment and medics .
7	troops were called in to aid rescue work on saturday after heavy monsoon rains lashed southern pakistan leaving more than 50,000 people stranded , pakistan army spokesman colonel mohammad idrees told dpa .
7	the twenty-two people trapped in flash floods in kathua and jammu districts were safely rescued by police and locals on saturday , officials said .
8	and yet the regular excuse is that its soldiers are out-gunned by boko haram , despite the helicopter gunships , ground-attack aircraft , and surveillance drones in the official inventory .
1	he said there was urgent need for planting materials , food , household items , and construction materials for fixing classrooms , latrines and roads .
1	in it , they proposed a series of climate-change solutions , including floating schools and gardens in flood plains , drip irrigation in drought-prone areas , and expanded solar and wind power .
1	relief supplies continue to pour into the student center of the acehnese students ' dormitory in jogjakarta , on the island of java .
8	the government of sudan is providing weapons and logistical support to this fratricide .
7	i had thought the entire village evacuated , but when we reached the high ground , about 20 to 30 people were missing .
10 3	the outbreak in orissa has been caused by drinking polluted water and eating contaminated meat , they added .
10 3	to prevent acute diarrhea and other digestive diseases , vietnam is maintaining such measures as monitoring food safety , ensuring environmental hygiene , supplying sufficient clean water to residents , and raising public awareness on the diseases , especially in flood-hit localities .
1	until water levels fully recede and infrastructure can be repaired , wfp will have to depend on helicopters and boats to get food to the reception sites .
10	in addition , 17,313 new cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis have been reported to who kabul during 1999 .
1	after the earthquake , huge boulders blocked off the road to large vehicles .
3	people 's need for water is normally served by mountain streams , but many springs have stopped or had their flow blocked by landslides .
3	“ that ’ s why , over the last three months , our partners have been working around the clock to support communities that are likely to be cut off , making sure they have shelter during the monsoon , as well as hygiene kits containing soap and water purification tablets , which are crucial for preventing the spread of disease .
1	residents were caught by surprise by the sheer force of the waters , which ripped up pavements and traffic lights and flooded buildings .
3	under a scorching sun , he sells sachets of purified water to motorists caught in traffic jams in northern nigeria 's largest city , kano .
10	she said the agency feared that there will outbreaks of dysentery , diarrhoea , malaria , and bilharzia , in an area where children have been swimming in the floodwaters amidst human and animal waste .
8	in the latter , a protest also occurred on 7 january after ethiopian troops detained a somali military commander who refused to hand over an islamic militiaman .
10 3	in bardiya , officials scrambled to provide clean drinking water kits to distraught villagers , as fears grew of a cholera outbreak from the submerged bodies of humans and livestock .
10	for the most severe cases , we refer children to our stabilisation centre at the hospital .
8	with the memories of the bloody suppression of last septembers ' monk-led protests still fresh in people 's minds , one taxi driver put it even more succinctly .
8	thus , an armed drone strike in pakistan , a nigerian army massacre of villagers , plans for a new us drone base in niger , or joint us @/@ israeli military operations , are all seen as part of a wider pattern of western oppression , persistently spread through the new social media . "
3	food for the hungry has already been distributing clean water and critically needed items including food , shelter and clothing through its many partners including eficor ( evangelical fellowship of india 's commission on relief ) .
8	that speaker had tried in vain to wash his hands of that most recent bloodbath in gaza , perpetrated before the eyes of the whole world .
8	the crisis , which began in late april after the ruling party nominated nkurunziza to stand again in the june 26 presidential election , deepened last week when a top general staged a failed coup attempt .
3	the appeal concentrates on priorities for international assistance in emergency management , rural water supply , food relief , health and nutrition , and agriculture .
1	men were digging better drainage channels on tuesday .
1	“ all the runways , taxiways and apron have been cleared of volcanic ash , ” commander of the adi soemarmo air base col. agus radar sucahyo on thursday .
10	we considered calling in a medevac helicopter but it was decided that the infant would not survive the day , or even a few more hours .
10 3	unicef is working with partners to provide safe drinking water and essential medical supplies , also to support the education system and to assist the most vulnerable children and women .
10	@-@ buying and distributing surgical supplies and essential medicines to treat hundreds of thousands of people .
3	volunteers will also receive training to disseminate health information at distribution points on the need to boil drinking water , the use of ors and mosquito nets .
10	antibiotics , children 's fever reducers , gastrointestinal and asthma medications @-@ enough to provide treatments for 42,000 people
1	project outputs : to rehabilitate eight primary schools , including classrooms , teacher housing and bathroom facilities , to government standards .
8	while officials reported 10 casualties and 34 arrests , including some loyalist troops , the identities of the assailants remain unknown .
3	unicef and partners have also installed water bladders in jacobabad , with additional bladders due to arrive shortly across flood-hit areas of sindh .
8	nigeria : government team investigates religious clashes in jos
7	according to the indonesian state news agency , 1,000 troops have been dispatched to the region along with heavy equipment to help with the rescue effort , and a military plane carried food blankets tents and rubber boats to the area yesterday .
1	( d ) as a result of several food-for-work ( ffw ) projects that recently have been completed , 60 km of roads in badakhshan province and 20 km of roads , 30km of canals and 11 karezes ( i.e. underground irrigation channels ) were constructed or rehabilitated in hirat province .
3	output was reduced as a result of a shortage of irrigation water following a mild winter and poor management of water resources , with catastrophic impacts on agriculture in the down river regions of the amudarya , the autonomous region of karakalpakstan and khorizem , but particularly the former .
3	the pumping of freshwater into the rpv has been switched from fire trucks to temporary electrical pumps with diesel generator .
1	samangan province was hardest hit with several fatalities , many injuries and significant damage to houses and public buildings .
1	gaining access to delivering aid to affected populations remains a major challenge for relief agencies as , across much of kenya , the rains have rendered roads impassable and knocked out bridges , so even when the rains stop , commercial and humanitarian transport will be halted until emergency road-repairs are completed .
3	in a field in jallouzai , just inside pakistan , 80,000 afghans are jammed in without proper shelter , sanitation or water .
10	its main symptoms include diarrhea , vomiting , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , and stomach and muscle cramps .
3	the cumulative effect of consecutive droughts since 1998 has destroyed crop production and depleted water sources , devastating the more than 80 % of the ethiopian population which depends on agriculture as their main source of livelihood .
1	the agency said the most urgent needs were reconstruction of houses , road repairs and the rehabilitation of rice fields .
10	the illness , characterised by high fever , severe headaches , vomiting and diarrhoea , was spotted in uige , northwest angola , in march and is from the same family as the deadly ebola virus .
3	the supply of clean drinking water remains a huge problem in karachi as there were reports of supply of polluted and turbid water to the residents of the city .
1	the quakes flattened hundreds of houses , cracked more than 1,000 roads and triggered 11 fires , police and municipal officials said .
8	boko haram was founded in maiduguri in 2002 and remained largely peaceful until a police and military crackdown against its then-leader mohammed yusuf and his followers in 2009 .
1	in some areas , whole villages were covered in mudslides , officials said .
10	the deadly virus is replicating at a frightening rate .
7	army columns : 24 composite flood relief columns continue to be depl oyed for carrying out rescue and relief operations .
10	meanwhile , in addition to the dengue prevention programmes that are being implemented , the ministry of health is carrying out raids on dengue mosquito breeding grounds .
10	in areas of known malaria risk the following precautions should be taken : a ) spraying of shelters with residual insecticide and @/@ or retreatment @/@ distribution of insecticide-treated mosquito nets in areas where their use is well-known ; b ) water storage containers should be covered to prevent them from becoming mosquito-breeding sites .
10	the lack of nutritious food and proper shelter combine to lower patients ' resistance , making them more susceptible to serious illnesses .
10	the new gynecology ward rehabilitated by who has been opened in geneina hospital , west darfur .
8	instead it became deeply polarised along tribal lines and made it a veritable battlefield with warring militias fighting for control of their patch of the territory .
4 8	**a wave of sexual violence** women and girls have been the main victims of the conflict in northern mali brought about by the region ’ s takeover in 2012 by islamist and secessionist rebels .
10	such measures are to control the spread of nosocomial infection .
10	it was heading west at 15 kilometers per hour towards china , where at least 164 people were killed and 1,800 injured when typhoon rananim carved a trail of destruction through zhejiang province earlier this month .
10	* keep waterborne disease , particularly diarrhoea , dysentery , enteric fever , hepatitis , vector-borne diseases and skin infections under control by providing essential drugs and case management .
10	unicef also supported a measles immunization and a vitamin a campaign focussing on 400,000 vulnerable children in february 2001 , and a month later , 50,000 pregnant women received tetanus immunizations , iron supplements and health check-ups .
8	he accuses the authorities of unwarranted aggression , exemplified by the bulldozing of the group ’ s sprawling markaz mosque complex after the maiduguri uprising , and the extrajudicial killing of yusuf , for which no policeman has been convicted .
8	in pakistan – the only country where polio cases are increasing – gunmen frequently attack polio workers , accusing them of being western spies and part of a plot to sterilize muslims .
3	in the immediate term the state has requested that unicef support its efforts by supplying diesel generator sets to power water pumps , community water storage tanks , diesel-driven centrifugal pump sets , and related equipment .
3	the suffocating humidity and lack of clean water and electricity have been making life miserable for tens of thousands of people since cyclone yemyin swept through the region on 26 june .
1	“ [ the irrawaddy region parliament ] ’ s speaker will raise this to the union parliament as an emergency issue [ to ask for ] assistance – more effective relief measures and to immediately upgrade dams and irrigation systems in the region to prevent further flooding , ” said dr. hla myat thwe .
10	the health cluster goal is to save lives and reduce avoidable morbidity and mortality through coordinated public health interventions at national and peripheral level , with better targeted and cost effective actions , information management and strengthened disease surveillance and response for urgent humanitarian gaps .
10	the ebola virus causes a severe acute viral illness often characterized by the sudden onset of fever , intense weakness , muscle pain , headache , and diarrhoea and vomiting .
10	two public health specialists have arrived in banda aceh to undertake public health assessments and to work with communities on preventing disease outbreaks
10 8	“ they must permit impartial medical aid to reach conflict-affected zones .
3	on the job training of masons for the construction of rainwater harvesting systems has started .
10	in addition , progress had been made in decreasing iodine deficiency disorders , while vitamin a supplementation and oral rehydration therapy , along with programmes on safe motherhood , had saved millions of lives .
3	these include projects to : enable chad 's water network to support the seasonal movement of shepherds and livestock , encourage small-scale water resources management to increase yields in bangladesh and strengthen water harvesting and soil conservation measures in lebanon .
1	with the massive floods triggered by an undersea earthquake last sunday destroying roads , bridges , telecommunication networks and almost all other basic infrastructure , distributing the aid once it arrives is proving problematic .
1	disaster worker babadankpodgi told irin that while windstorms and flooding cannot be prevented , the region 's storm warning system and better building constructions can help minimise damage .
8	jongwe welcomed a statement by eight commonwealth foreign ministers in london on tuesday condemning " political violence , loss of life , illegal occupations of property , failure to uphold the rule of law , and political intimidation . "
10	risk of outbreaks is particularly acute in ampara and kalmunai , due to inadequate sanitation facilities ( 1,000 people reportedly have access to just three latrines ) .
1	the grants have rebuilt libraries , wells , waste management systems and marketplaces .
10	hospitals in padang city especially in m. djamil hospital , the biggest hospital in padang city ( with 600 beds ) are slowly decreasing the emergency status and many specialist doctors have slowly left and not many operations are needed anymore .
8	the united nations also launched its first aerial assessment of the entire somali coastline in an attempt to identify other areas in need of help in the remote and largely lawless nation , which until recently had been without a government for more than a decade .
8	19 : the spla claimed that its forces had captured a government riverboat and four smaller vessels in an ambush on a tributary of the nile .
1	we will provide the new loans to meet the needs of the disaster-stricken areas including the reconstruction of roads , sewer systems and other infrastructure , " said yoshihiro iwasaki , director of adb 's programs department ( west ) .
7	first participation by foreign rescue personnel
10	" there were also some people there with infected wounds who our medic treated on the spot , " she said .
8	( a ) insecurity persisted with confrontations between the army and rebels , the mortar attacks , the antitank mine and the car ambushes as well as the armed robbery reported in kayanza , ruyigi , bujumbura rural , bujumbura mairie , kayanza and muramvya provinces .
10	the boat carrying an initial team of three doctors , an icu nurse , a field communications officer and a field project manager , will leave padang on january 11 .
10	bangkok 27 october 2011 – unicef is providing 20,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets to help protect families evacuated to temporary shelters and living in other flood-ravaged areas in thailand from dengue fever and other mosquito-borne diseases .
8	that phenomenon had taken a dangerous turn lately , including a vicious attack on the bardo museum only weeks earlier .
1	an 8.7 earthquake centred on the same indian ocean geological faultline on march 28 killed more than 600 people as scores of concrete buildings collapsed on nias .
8	she had just enough time to grab her two-year-old and run into the bush , before militants overran the town , massacring hundreds .
10	pmi provided 60 plastic sheeting , blood bags and serum for blood test , 50 body bags , 60 mosquito nets , and 100 family kits .
8	this was the first boko haram raid in a few days , although an explosion outside a bus station in the northeastern city of gombe on thursday that killed 10 people was blamed on the islamists ‎ .
3	ground water and river water -- the main drinking water sources in the camps -- have also been contaminated by sewage and silt washed into rivers has clogged up water filtration systems .
8	in october , kenya sent tanks and troops into southern somalia to fight the shebab militia which nairobi blames for a series of cross-border attacks and kidnappings of foreigners .
3	according to the preliminary information collected by aert , the affected people are in most need of food , potable water and other daily commodities .
4	that would be a decision that would have to be made by the new administration as they come into office , as the new people who are constitutionally responsible for the country can conduct their reviews of american foreign policy .
10	in neighbouring algeria to the east , a massive quake struck the densely populated coastal region with its epicentre near the capital algiers in may 2003 , killing more than 2,300 people and injuring about 10,000 .
8	khaw mhu , myanmar , may 29 ( reuters ) @-@ myanmar 's junta is evicting dozens of destitute families from one of its own cyclone refugee centres , giving each one just four bamboo poles , a tarpaulin and an unlikely promise of a monthly ration of rice .
8	the mining crisis , grain shortage and the political impasse resulting from the conduct of a recent presidential election , which the opposition alleges was rigged , were among issues president levy mwanawasa had hoped to see resolved at a bridge-building meeting he called for monday 28 january at the national assembly .
8	new delhi , aug 18 ( reuters ) @-@ the onset of monsoon rains in sri lanka is raising fears for the safety of thousands of war-displaced tamils after rain flooded camps , ruined shelters and caused sewage to overflow , aid workers said on tuesday .
8	“ this shocking new evidence is further proof of the appalling crimes being committed with abandon by all sides in the conflict .
8	the un special envoy for afghanistan , lakhdar brahimi , is scheduled to brief the un security council on wednesday in new york following a recent upsurge in violence in the country and amid calls for an expansion of the multinational peacekeeping force .
10	imc doctor based in leksula returned this week from conducting their mobile clinic programme in the mountain areas where it was found that 20 % of the population in nine villages suffered from malnutrition and 2 children suffered from marasmus ( severe malnutrition ) .
10	among other things , the international community must continue providing field hospitals , clinical services , mobile labs and diagnostic methods .
10	donate to support internews ' ebola work on global giving [ help us ] ( http://www.globalgiving.org/projects/internews-west-africa/) to ensure that communities at risk , and especially those living in remote rural areas , get the right information now : how to identify early symptoms , prevent transmission , what to do and where to go .
8	" they burnt the whole market , the police station , government lodge , dozens of vehicles ‎ and most houses in the town in indiscriminate rocket and bomb attacks . "
10 1	in pakistan the worst-affected area has been mashkail , in baluchistan , where the lack of paved roads , electricity , mobile phone coverage and medical facilities have hampered the rescue effort .
8	equally , the conduct of the taliban 's religious police from the ministry for the prevention of vice and promotion of virtue has become increasingly hard-line , including engaging in indiscriminate arrests .
3	" over the coming period the two provinces will experience high temperatures and little rain , rivers in the region will remain dry and the situation of water shortages in reservoirs will not change , " e said .
10	in early september , the doctors without borders @/@ m é decins sans fronti è res ( msf ) team working in the eastern reaches of pakistan ’ s balochistan province expanded their existing services to include basic health care for people affected by heavy monsoon rains lashing the area .
8	bandits have begun rampant looting in the flooded areas , a resident of rajshahi told afp by telephone .
8	the commonwealth , which has been closely involved in finding a solution to lesotho 's political fragility following violence after disputed elections in 1998 , has also appointed a representative to oversee preparations for next year 's poll .
10	as they endure one of the most severe winters in 20 years in afghanistan , the people 's need for medical attention has increased .
1	sirajganj , bangladesh ─ when the rain-swollen jamuna river breached its banks and inundated sirajganj town 4 years ago , the streets were under knee-deep water , forcing shutdowns of businesses and schools .
8	however , it has largely relied on local tribesmen under the leadership of hazrat ali and others to pursue alleged al-qaida supporters .
7	preliminary investigation showed that the dead and missing are the hydropower station workers and their family members .
10	comprising of a doctor , six nurses and a team leader , the 3 rd medical team brought with them medical supplies to help the influx of patients with chronic respiratory problems .
10	locals said malaria followed -- mosquitoes thrived in the stagnant puddles -- killing scores of young children .
10	there has however been an increase in reported cases of diarrhoea , unexplained fevers and respiratory infections .
1	vital installations , telephone lines , educational institutions and other electricity substations are badly damaged .
8	sudanese nationals rounded up in addis : ethiopian police shot dead a sudanese refugee and wounded another during a bid to round up and move a group of refugees to a camp outside the city .
1	balochistan , pakistan , 23 july , 2007 @-@ when cyclone yemyin tore into northern balochistan one month ago , it took only a short period of time before the village of kuch valari was completely submerged under raging torrents of muddy waters .
10 3	world vision has worked in myanmar for some 40 years and currently assists children and families across the country through food assistance , agriculture , health , clean water , education , income generation , anti-trafficking and nutritional assistance programs .
3	" there is no guarantee of another water tanker today . "
10	medication was provided last week to all nine provinces as a precautionary measure against whooping cough outbreaks .
8	primakov said that " certain regional leaders " who were trying to force islamic-type state systems on the countries of central asia were benefitting from the destabilisation of the situation in afghanistan , the report added .
3	drought affected areas : construction of wells in zabul and kandahar provinces ( 3 districts in total ) ongoing idps : well construction , hand pump maintenance and construction of sanitation facilities in shaydaie , maslakh and minaret camps
1	the zixi section of east china 's major railway from yingtan , jiangxi province , to xiamen , fujian province , was broken down by blocks and earth coming down from a rainstorm-caused cave-in on the local road , which is 30 meters higher than the altitude of the railroad sunday morning .
10	they will carry out a rapid health assessment and strengthen disease surveillance in collaboration with district health officers and whos immunisation preventable disease ( ipd ) staff .
10	the most common disease triggering an alert was acute jaundice syndrome ( suspected hepatitis ) with 74 alerts , followed by measles with 73 .
8	one student died in the violence and 20 others were injured , some by jumping from upper floors of their hostels after police fired tear gas into the windows .
7	rescuers in a helicopter plucked 12 chinese sailors from a sinking cargo vessel as the storm approached the chinese coast , xinhua said .
1	kenya red cross society ? s assessment indicates the need for evacuation and resettlement of people , provision of tents to 3,157 households affected , relief food , river bank protection to avoid more water over flow , reconstruction of the main bridge connecting lokori to morulem and other centers .
3	some 400,000 people are now living in makeshift shelters or evacuation centers , the new york times reported , and compounding the problem is windy and bitterly cold weather , as well as shortages of water , food and fuel , the times reported .
1	truck deliveries are now being made along passable roads in southern parts of the country but efforts to increase road transportation are still hampered by damaged road stretches and bridges .
7	the toll may rise with reports from bihar saying 30 people were feared drowned after their overloaded boat capsized on the bagmati river .
10	" it was assumed that nurhayati 's severe yet inexplicable abdominal pain was appendicitis , " he says , holding up an x-ray .
1 3	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
8	the cycle of conflict — especially sectarian conflict — must be ended as no one was winning that fight .
1 3	as people began to make a slow transition from tents and big public buildings to other temporary shelters , inform worked to ensure that these new shelters provided access to electricity , water , and sewage and garbage disposal , and that children could start returning to school .
8	it is unclear if the killings were related to the fighting between separatist militants and the malian army which left 36 dead .
8	reverend ebenezer joseph , general secretary of act ’ s local member , the national christian council of sri lanka , is known for his work on interreligious dialogue in a country that has been riven by sectarian hatred .
10	people are getting serious illness @-@ acute watery diarrhoea is already present and pneumonia will be a serious issues as the weather gets worse , " irja sandberg , head of a delegation of the international federation of the red cross and red crescent societies , told isn security watch .
8	some said that they believed the attack was executed in reprisal for the enrolment of young men in self-defense groups , which have been formed to fight the insurgents .
8	in the past , mr. kamau kuria adds , the act had been used against prodemocracy and civil rights activists .
10	influenza infections can lead to or occur with bacterial infections .
1 3	its areas of focus include housing design and construction , institutional construction management , village planning , natural hazard mitigation , water supply and sanitation , and improved indoor living conditions for the most disadvantaged members of society .
8	" the [ kinshasa ] government has resorted to a policy of systematic repression of leaders and members of political groups and civil society organisations that did not sign the sun city accord , " dieudonne munyinga , president of the association africaine de defense des droits de l ' homme ( asadho ) , said during the monday launch of the report .
10	oussoro @/@ bahr-el-ghazal , 26 june 2012 ( irin ) @-@ in the outskirts of moussoro , the main town in the western chad region of bahr-el-ghazal , mothers line up with their babies in the sweltering heat waiting to be screened for malnutrition .
10	eve was making sure dressings and pain medication were available .
3	through the decline of the water table , the effects of water pollution , including salinisation , high hardness of water and pollution with agrochemicals , has diminished the availability of drinking water resources .
8	however , conflict between rival mujahideen factions soon broke out again .
3	@-@ access to pure drinking water ;
7 3	for days hundreds of thousands of flood victims have been stranded without food and water , awaiting rescue .
7	" itu will do its utmost to provide assistance to people in the disaster-affected areas by re-establishing telecommunication links which will be vital in the rescue and rehabilitation efforts in the days ahead . "
3	“ where there is no provision of electricity , solar submersible pumps will be installed to provide clean drinking water to the people and the livestock , ” says the report .
10	this equipment provides critical protection for those working on the frontlines of pandemic outbreaks — preventing human exposure to highly pathogenic viruses and other emerging infectious diseases by limiting the risk of infections .
3	of piped water supply schemes are damaged by flood safe drinking water phed disinfected 21,043 tube well and wells halogen tab , mobile water purifiers , tube well at embankments , relief camps .
10	liberia ’ s health ministry and sierra leone ’ s country coordinating mechanism have informed the global fund that they will be formally asking for flexibility and possible reprogramming of global fund grants to help them respond to the ebola epidemic .
1 3	locate and repair damaged pipelines , sewer lines , and water towers to help ensure that clean water is available
1	the torrential and virtually unrelenting rain has also disrupted train services to the affected regions , with 18 services from shanghai suspended saturday , leaving 20,000 passengers stranded , state media said .
8	he also discussed the plight of car 's estimated 23,000 refugees , stranded in the drc since an attempted coup in may 2001 , an official from the unhcr office confirmed .
7	it will start operations to look for and pull the people trapped under the rubbles .
7	the army has been put on alert in several parts of the state , including ahmedabad city , with health and rescue teams deployed and two national disaster response force columns being deployed in bhavnagar district .
10	" the government of sierra leone is making real strides in tackling transmission by speeding up access to treatment and safe and dignified burial , " agi chief executive nick thompson said .
1	storms led to the collapse of electricity poles and of power lines , with widespread damage to houses , and a local military installation ( who , wfp , unicef ) .
8	soldiers from the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) driven into zambia by a rebel offensive are leaving the country without being screened for possible involvement in the 1994 rwandan genocide , reuters reported on friday .
8	in a very controversial statement , dhlakama , anticipating electoral fraud , threatened once more to resort to civil war .
3	in addition to providing latrines and washing facilities in transit camps , the icrc has cleaned and chlorinated wells , installed water tanks at several welfare centres , built latrines and upgraded existing sanitation facilities in cooperation with local authorities in mullaittivu , kilinochchi , trincomalee and batticaloa .
8	“ we denounce in the strongest terms possible the ongoing arrests of journalists in mali which only serve to intimidate journalists from executing their professional duties , ” said gabriel baglo , director of the ifj africa office .
10	" the 7.1-magnitude earthquake increased the chance of a pneumonic plague outbreak spread by marmots , " said jie xuehui , a provincial official overseeing public health .
1	maputo ( aim ) @-@ a two day conference on this year 's catastrophic flooding in mozambique concluded in maputo on saturday with recommendations for strengthened regional and international cooperation , for improved early warning systems and contingency plans , and for accurate collection and transmission of hydrometeorological data .
10	“ by giving health providers the inputs to improve their services , and strengthening community level trust and demand , this project supports the government ’ s strategy to build on its ebola response and improve health outcomes and reduce health disparities in guinea , ” said cheick fantamady kante , the world bank country manager for guinea .
10 3	in south ossetia nurse joyce hood is delivering medical care and support to the homes of those who have been left isolated and alone by the conflict that plagued the country last year and in cambodia , water and sanitation specialist jane edgar is supporting programmes that deliver clean and safe drinking water to communities in need .
8	in banda aceh on wednesday , alwi shihab , coordinating minister for people 's welfare , warned of the risk of kidnapping of foreign relief workers by separatist guerillas , despite a gam statement tuesday stating that this was not on their agenda .
1	the floodwaters inundated two-thirds of dhaka , a city of some 10 million people , and three-quarters of bangladesh .
8	the policemen resorted to retaliatory firing killing one of the attackers and wounding another , the sources further said .
10	on the pakistani side , a medical team of seven doctors and two paramedics arrived on october 12 in balakot , and ten trucks carrying food , tents , blankets and medical supplies reached yesterday .
1 7	in the bihar region of india , which is largely under water , hundreds of rural villages have been destroyed , 550,000 people have been displaced , 400,000 await rescue , and 3 million have been affected .
7	with relief flights suspended for the third straight day due to heavy snow and icy conditions , it is even more critical to reach earthquake survivors .
10	crhfp says 34 per cent of women of childbearing age in the southern khatlon oblast are suffering from venereal disease .
3	with help from the local water company , whose trucks red cross uses to distribute the water , irvan , and drivers like him , deliver fresh clean water for cooking , drinking and washing to some 4,000 families every day .
10	shanghai , june 15 , 2009 ( afp ) @-@ at least 14 people were killed and more than 180 others were injured in a severe hail storm that destroyed thousands of homes across eastern china 's anhui province , authorities said monday .
7	six people were killed and eight more went missing after a landslide triggered by heavy rainfall buried five vehicles in ilam on sunday night .
3	extreme water shortage caused by two to three years of failed rains has killed huge numbers of farm animals and severely reduced crop production .
3	the charter boat , barrenjoey , has delivered the first batch of blankets , tarpaulins , floormats , towels , 40 water containers , and rope to the village of bosua .
10 3	the coverage of the remote areas with food , clean water and medical assistance has been a very difficult and expensive task due to disrupted communications .
10 3	according to the humanitarian country team , critical needs will be plastic sheeting , water purification materials , water receptacles , cooking sets , mosquito nets , emergency health kits , and food .
1	work will include expansion of activities under phase 1 , restoration of community infrastructure , spatial redesign of affected zones , power and rural electrification , and public administration .
3	in addition to safe drinking water , survivors need assistance with house reconstruction , a teacher for the village school , job opportunities , boats for fishermen and a proper drainage system .
10	@-@ identify and establish cold storage facilities for vaccine stocking
10	political will at the moment , only 47 % of nigerian children receive dtp3 ( three doses of diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis vaccines – the standard measure of immunisation coverage ) .
4 8	*by katarina h ö ije* bamako , 30 april 2015 ( irin ) @-@ the last few years in mali have been busy : an independence declaration , a coup , a mutiny , a northern takeover by islamist groups , a french military intervention , a hostage crisis , a guerrilla campaign , a preliminary peace deal , and finally , in february , a ceasefire .
8	mali 's year-old crisis began when tuaregs returning from fighting for slain dictator moamer kadhafi in libya , battle-hardened and with a massive arsenal , took up a decades-old rebellion for independence of the north , which they call azawad .
8	in nigeria , boko haram is blamed for killing more than 10,000 people since 2009 , and their extreme tactics have been denounced worldwide , including on some jihadi websites .
1	one-hour of a heavy rains on june 15 flooded many streets in ho chi minh city , including ky dong @-@ ba huyen thanh quan crossroads in district 3 , hong bang , nguyen van luong streets , district 6 , creating several severe traffic congestion .
1	longer-term projects @-@ from highways and electrical grids to tens of thousands of homes @-@ are just getting started .
3	recently , he waited in line from 3 a.m. to 8 a.m. to use the water fountain .
1	approximately 1.9 million people have been affected in the past week by heavy torrential monsoon rains which flooded 195 blocks in 14 districts of the state of west bengal .
8	unhcr is gravely concerned about the fate of radio operator joseph loua , who has been missing since a december 6 rebel attack on the town of gueckedou in southern guinea .
1	people will need loans to set up small businesses and the infastructure will need to be rehabilitated .
3	the drought has devastated the sandy desert areas , and it is encroaching into the valleys as the water table lowers down day by day .
8	he was reported by the jakarta post on 7 march as having suggested that the government assign military troops to aceh because the police are not trained to confront an armed rebellion .
3	apart from home construction , cargill siam awards scholarships to children from families in need and , in rural areas , has installed water purifiers and water coolers in more than 120 schools .
8	at least five people have been killed and some 1,500 homes destroyed in floods at camps for internally displaced persons ( idps ) in sudan 's strife-torn darfur region , the joint united nations-african union peacekeeping mission in darfur ( unamid ) reported today .
10	fortunately , so far there has been no reporting of intestinal ( due to consumption of infected meat ) or pulmonary inhalation anthrax .
8	world vision has called on all those involved in the conflict to ensure that fleeing civilians are offered safe passage .
3	we changed the dirty water .
1	" a general alert has been sounded across the state with a central control room set up to monitor the flood situation with the rising level of all major rivers leading to floodwaters inundating hundreds of villages , " ians quoted bhumidhar barman , assam revenue , relief and rehabilitation minister , as saying .
10	abdul barek @-@ who arrived one hour earlier by rickshaw and is now on his second bag of saline solution @-@ is already feeling better .
1	trees and electrical poles were uprooted , communications paralyzed , power supplies cut and traffic on highways stopped .
10 3	in the absence of a clean water supply , survivors are reportedly resorting to drinking contaminated water , raising the specter of outbreaks of gastro-enteritis , diarrhea , typhoid , hepatitis and insect borne diseases such as malaria .
1	the civic infrastructure in the region has been damaged badly .
8	the protection of civilians mandate “ presupposes that those charged with protecting civilians have the willingness to take proactive measures to do so ” , he said , calling that willingness an operations ’ “ greatest protection asset ” .
3	our emergency response began on 26 january and included items such as five-litre bottles of drinking water , sheets and towels , clothing , plastic mats , soap , lanterns , mosquito nets and mosquito coils .
1	when the weather worsens and wet weather begins , it is going to prove impossible to pass , " he warned , adding that in the winter , bulldozers would be needed to pull the trucks out of the snow .
10 3	then , of course , getting water that 's uncontaminated and the prevalence of disease .
3	through june 2012 , adra is implementing water-related projects , providing clean water from protected water sources for tens of thousands of beneficiaries and their livestock , in addition to constructing and @/@ or rehabilitating boreholes , wells , and berkads .
8	chaos , continuous warfare , and taliban tyranny destroyed most of the nation 's educational , healthcare , social , administrative , and economic institutions .
10	the crisis worsened on 13 may 2015 with the diagnosis of 15 cases of acute diarrhoeal disease that were reportedly negative for cholera .
1	the funds would target everything from the restoration of people ’ s livelihoods to new roads and sanitation facilities to coastal development planning , he said .
10	mosquitoes , in particular the easily recognizable white-spotted aedes aegypti , carry the dengue virus from human to human .
10	juba weekly infectious disease report recorded 293 cases of malaria with one death , one case of cerebral spinal meningitis and 1 case of tuberculosis .
10	vitamin a , iron and folate supplements and de-worming tablets will be distributed , and a project providing multiple micro-nutrient supplements ( known as sprinkles ) for children aged 6-59 months will be expanded .
10	the wfp-led emergency telecommunications cluster provides communications equipment and services in remote areas so that humanitarians can fight ebola effectively .
7	**hungary – floods ( civil protection ) ** due to the severe flood situation , caused by the heavy rains in the catchment basin of danube river this june , hunor and husz Á r un insarag classified rescue teams were deployed to give assistance in the flood protection works in hungary .
3	many of the area 's wide diameter open wells have also been filled with contaminated floodwater , and large numbers of livestock have drowned or been carried off .
3	outside the city centre , almost half of the capital 's population live in the sprawling ger districts , with no access to running water , poor sanitation and limited social services .
7	hanoi , july 27 ( afp ) @-@ the death toll from torrential storms that lashed vietnam 's mountainous north last week has risen to 36 , but another 17 people are missing and feared dead , officials said tuesday .
10	all such efforts have failed , most recently an attempt in late 2013 for a temporary ceasefire to allow for a un mass polio vaccination .
1	quetta , 22 may ( irin ) @-@ although ngos have mushroomed in thousands , rutted roads , open sewers , flying plastic bags , swarms of flies and nets of electricity wires hanging overhead in nawai killi , or new village , in the suburbs of quetta , the capital of pakistan 's southwestern balochistan province , present a grim picture of community development .
8	it explicitly rejected all forms of violence and terrorism but warned that the government had to reverse fifty years of neglect and brutalization .
7	firefighters dispatched to the site are currently building a ropeway to pull the workers out of the tunnel .
10	it is important to note that ebola is not contagious until symptoms appear , and that transmission is through direct contact of bodily fluids of an infected , symptomatic person or exposure to objects like needles that have been contaminated with infected secretions .
7 1	mumbai , july 31 ( afp ) @-@ torrential rain lashed mumbai again sunday , disrupting flights , hampering rescue efforts and bringing more misery as the death toll from the heaviest downpours in the indian city 's history neared 1,000 .
3	this will include water bowsering , distribution of 3,640 hygiene kits , well cleaning for a total of 300 wells plus rehabilitation of a further 150 wells .
1	there has been a tremendous loss to standing crops and livestock , in addition to important infrastructure , including homesteads , feeder roads and market infrastructure , irrigation schemes , farm equipment and animal disease control facilities .
3	thirty 4,000-litre collapsible water bladders will be strategically placed at different locations , designed to supply 240,000 people with their daily water requirements .
3	immediate relief was provided by many bringing in food aid , urea molasses blocks , water supply etc.
10	the upsurge of cholera cases is attributed to lack of clean water and proper sanitation facilities coupled with the current heavy rains and high population movement from neighboring countries .
3	finally , one million francs ( plus 5 million contributed by the swiss red cross and swiss solidarity ) was used mainly to rehabilitate banda aceh 's main water purification station and three sub-stations in the city of banda aceh and aceh besar district .
1	the most recent eruption of mt . nyiragongo was in 1977 , when the lava flow covered 20 square kilometers , killed 2,000 people , and destroyed 400 houses and a 10-kilometre section of road .
1	approximately 8,000 families have been seriously affected , crops of 20,000 acres were totally destroyed and four kilometres of metalled road damaged .
10	these were deployed in teams of five persons to provide minor surgical and primary healthcare in the area of destroyed rural health facilities .
3	although the army has been mobilised and government teams have evacuated areas and are providing relief aid , people are in urgent need of food , clean water and shelter .
8	the operation was conducted amid published reports that ltte suicide cadres were targeting top political figures in the capital .
10	the lack of clean drinking water and the lack of garbage collection are aggravating the threat of communicable diseases .
10	this shipment will contain several tons of medicines that have been requested to treat bacterial and fungal infections and other current and anticipated illnesses .
7	antananarivo , march 11 ( afp ) @-@ thirty-six people were killed and 42 were missing in north madagascar after a storm lashed the region at the weekend , while scores more were feared drowned at sea , rescue services said thursday .
10	an outbreak of ebola hemorrhagic fever has killed four uganda ministry of health medical workers this week , including the medical superintendent of kikyo health center in world vision 's kasitu program area , which is located in the outbreak 's epicenter .
8	this area has a high number of residents displaced from other parts of the county by ongoing violence and is also the site of an mcc global family project .
7	johannesburg , south africa @-@ helicopters raced to save mozambican villagers who were clinging to trees and rooftops yesterday , as floodwaters ravaged southern africa for the third straight week .
1	in the meantime , some parts of sumatra have been covered by haze , causing flight delays and school shutdowns .
3	water supplies ( portable tanks , piping , purification units and tankers ) for up to 70,000 refugees in pakistan ;
8	since 1997 , the political , social and economic collapse , coupled with frequent clashes and violence between religious and ethnic groups and the secessionist movements in aceh and irian jaya has created a huge problem of internal displacement ( an estimated 1.3 million people in 19 provinces ) .
10	on january 25 , 2013 , doctors without borders @/@ m é decins sans fronti è res ( msf ) sent a team to gaza province , one of the hardest-hit areas , to launch an emergency response in the city of chokwe , 225 kilometers [ about 140 miles ] north of the capital city of maputo .
3	at mahadampa school , children crowd round the water tank , gulping water thirstily from the tap soon after the school 's water tank is replenished by a bowser .
7	they have airlifted 6,000 people from rooftops and trees in several days of shuttle flights .
3	geddo was shown a nearby cemetery with dozens of graves of people who had died in the past three months from malnutrition and from drinking unclean water .
4	and , according to the constitution , when a president abdicates , as was in the case of the overthrown president amadou toumani tour é , the next in line is the acting president .
10	luckily we haven't had any major outbreaks yet , but emergeny responses are being prepared , " said seija tyrninoksa , head of the international federation of red cross and red crescent office .
10	to date , a total of 39 people suffering from ebola or having had a high risk exposure to the virus , have been medically evacuated to europe .
3	the branch , with appeal funds , successfully completed the water distribution and support programme , delivering containers and water via the branch ambulance boat .
10	thabi nyide , associate director for corporate affairs of pfizer-south africa told irin on tuesday that the offer involved one specific drug , diflucan , which is used to treat aids patients suffering from cryptococcal meningitis .
3	in indonesia , there are serious concerns about water and sanitation in various camps and relocation sites throughout nanggroe aceh darussalam ( nad ) .
10	the earthquake rocked the region around 6 a.m. saturday killing more than 5,100 people , seriously injuring 6,500 and leaving 200,000 homeless , according to the indonesian government .
7	msf teams are active with one zodiac ( inflatable boat with outboard motor ) rescuing people who have found safety in the trees that are still above the water level .
10	" this accumulated rainwater is going to breed plenty of diseases , not least of which is malaria because of the mosquitoes , " dr murtaza khan , who runs a clinic in the defense area , told irin .
3	the program also plans to provide clean water by digging 21 new boreholes and four open hand-dug wells ; rehabilitating five hand-dug wells , and maintaining water supply systems and 69 hand pumps through trained community pump mechanics and water committees ; and replacing five diesel motorized water systems with solar powered systems .
4 8	even so , the fall of gaddafi was not alone responsible for the current revolt .
10	* reduced mortality and morbidity among women , adolescents and children due to post-flood outbreak of communicable and infectious diseases .
10	health officials on a daily basis are visiting about 400 homes , treating 350 patients and disinfecting 150 wells by putting bleaching powder as a precautionary measure to curb any water borne infections and fogging the area .
7 1	heavy rains and snow also fell on south africa 's southern region on wednesday , blocking roads and spurring rescue attempts to save stranded motorists .
10	it can only be transmitted through the bite of infected mosquitoes .
3	thursday the 26 th : an air force plane , chartered by the aeci , with material acquired by it : two water-purifying systems able to treat 3000 litres @/@ hour , with their trailers , and two large electrical generators , and 100 blankets donated by tragsa .
3	since considerable damage occurred to agricultural land , village roads and drinking water tube wells , act @/@ lws india identified urgent needs for installation of shallow tube wells , agriculture land reclamation , restoration of village link roads and de-silting of water sources on a priority basis under food for work schemes .
1	today the children of qungkunchack village are taking classes in the open air in near zero degree temperatures .
10	the majority of augmentees arrived oct. 5 at europe district and quickly engaged in a series of medical checks , immunizations , individual training sessions and team exercises to gain certification for the deployment .
10 8	28 january 2015 – the united nations mission in mali ( minusma ) has launched an investigation into the events surrounding a violent protest in the northern city of gao yesterday during which several people were reportedly killed and a number of others injured .
10 7	since the earthquake centered on wenchuan county , sichuan province , 84,017 survivors had been rescued from the debris , more than 2.04 million injured hospitalized and 15.1 million people relocated to safe areas .
8	while progress had been made , he continued to call on palestinians to end incitement against israel , and reiterate that america did not accept the legitimacy of continued israeli settlements .
1	once aftershocks subside , cities that still have standing buildings will check them for soundness , and likely let people back in some .
10	statements by medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) speak of thousands of people in need of postoperative , physical and mental health care .
1	" the sea level increased overnight and in some areas , the situation has been adversely affected by the blocking of drainage canals .
1	the country 's railway and electricity networks , added the appeal , have also been devastated and need urgent repairs .
3	a new pollution scare struck central china on wednesday when a chemical tanker trunk fell off a ferry and plunged into a tributary of the yangtze river , leaking some of the 20 tonnes of basic aqueous alkali it was carrying to flow into the water .
10	mogadishu , garowe , hargeisa , 10 june 2014 – outbreaks of measles in several regions have left thousands of somali children at risk of disability or death if they are not urgently vaccinated against the highly contagious disease .
8	so far , the ongoing carnage in iraq has not spilt into pakistan 's own sectarian divide , and followers of sistani say their spiritual leader would not support such a move .
1	heavily damaged vehicles by the roadside are constant reminders of the dangers of driving on the road .
1	the remoteness of zaduo , poor road conditions and below zero double digit temperatures make any response difficult and slow .
8	it was the islamists who freed us from the mnla which was committing atrocities here . "
8	dina kawar ( jordan ) said that the sahel had become a fertile ground for terrorism and the al ‑ qaida , the boko haram , and other terrorist groups had taken advantage of that .
8	it was the first time the two parties had met face-to-face since may 2003 , when the government declared martial law and launched a military offensive in the province after a ceasefire broke down .
8	she told irin that the authorities had responded to peaceful protests with excessive force .
8	" kenya has brutally massacred civilians already displaced by hardship . . . we will ensure that kenya mourns more than we did , " a regional shebab official sheikh abukar ali ada told reporters .
10	" emerging viral diseases such as ebola , marburg hemorrhagic fever and nipah virus pose threats to global public health security and also require containment at their source due to their acute nature and resulting illness and mortality , ' ' said a summarised version of the 2007 world health report due to be released in geneva tomorrow .
3	" accessing clean water has never been a straightforward task in pakistan , but the floods have exacerbated the problem considerably by contaminating water points and breaking open sewer lines , " he said .
10	baucks says lack of sterilization is a critical issue right now at the hospital , making surgeries difficult .
1	the samastipur division was very severely affected with heavy damage caused at about 40 places due to breaches in railway tracks , sinkage of embankments or overtopping .
3	" as a severe arsenic-prone area , people of morrelganj and sharonkhola have been dependant on pond and canal water for drinking and other daily use , " arifur rahman , a health officer of the dhaka-based international ngo brac , maintained .
10	on february 16 , unicef delivered a 39 ton shipment of essential medicines , including 500,000 sachets of oral rehydration salts ( which prevents and treats diarrheal dehydration ) and medical supplies to maputo .
8	on monday , hungry mobs attacked relief teams and looted trains carrying aid , forcing police to fire in the air to disperse an angry crowd at nadia district , 150 km ( 95 miles ) north of calcutta .
8	it means that we are going to free the territory with our army and then weed out these evildoers once and for all , " he declared .
8	a judge overturned election victories by two ruling party lawmakers , declaring on thursday that they illegally used violence and intimidation to defeat the opposition party leader and another candidate for parliament in elections last june , ap reported .
1	freaky winter storms have plagued southern china since mid-january , leading to widespread traffic jams , structural collapse , blackouts and crop loss in 21 provincial-level regions .
10	overstretched aid agencies are helping , but people still have to make concessions , whether it is risking their safety to gather firewood outside the camp or trading their food rations for medicine when a child falls sick .
8	four army personnel were injured in a claymore attack directed at an army convoy carrying a group of officers from batticaloa to polonnaruwa .
10	further study was underway to determine the potential role of pollution in the recent outbreak , but preliminary findings had ruled out the idea that toxic algal blooms may have played a role in the deaths , the world bank statement said .
10	in a statement the commission also called for medicines and equipment , including antibiotics , painkillers , dozens of operating tables and 100 specialist beds for spinal injuries .
8	the threat came after last week 's ban on all labour union gatherings , and after student protests at the university of swaziland were quelled by police firing rubber bullets .
8	bamako , 19 august 2015 ( irin ) @-@ more than eight weeks after a landmark peace accord between mali ’ s bamako government and a tuareg-led rebel coalition brought hope of an end to years of unrest , little has been done to end the fighting and militancy is once again on the rise .
3	longer-term options are being sought , and include drilling deeper wells and connecting the sites to the local water distribution system .
1	widespread flooding in zimbabwe zimbabwe has experienced continuous heavy rainfall since december , with widespread flooding causing damage to infrastructure and property .
8	but in the run-up to a general election , calm is severely disrupted , as unresolved disputes are sensationalised and manipulated by politicians .
3	lakes and freshwater wells in central burma are drying up , fuelled by hot weather and abnormal river flows resulting from hydropower projects .
10	since a cholera outbreak was declared on 23 june , health providers have reported 1,735 cholera cases , including 46 deaths , in south sudan , according to south sudan ’ s ministry of health and the un world health organization ( who ) .
10	there is no vaccine for the highly infectious disease , which causes fever and bleeding from orifices and can cause death within days .
8	on 3 august , rioters attacked alang asaude in western seram .
1	over 100 impoverished families in northern sri lanka are set for a boost thanks to iom and the australian government , who will hand over vital infrastructure to a fishing community in senthankulam , near jaffna on monday 10 th december .
3	oxfam 's teams will also build latrines , continue to provide clean water , and explore ways of helping quake survivors rebuild their livelihoods .
3	interventions the kenya red cross society 's west kenya regional office has supported at least 83 hh ( 58 in nyando and 25 in siaya ) with non food items ( nfis ) that include blankets , mosquito nets , bar soaps , water jerricans and water treatment chemicals .
1	he said fuel trucks were already risking unsafe roads and bridges .
3	out of fear that local water sources could be contaminated , unicef was collaborating with the somali red crescent society to provide household chlorination .
3	most of the 6,000 displaced people are living in camps , some , just a few meters from the banks of river nzoia without latrines and clean water .
10	we have been literally swamped by diarrhoea patients and the crowd is increasing everyday , ' ' said abdus salam , a medical specialist working for the international cholera hospital in the capital dhaka .
8	the rwandan government said the border closure was to " allow those concerned to verify and arrest or otherwise deal with members of rwanda 's armed forces allegedly present on the territory of the drc " .
3	cyclone nargis left ponds and wells contaminated with salt water , human and animal corpses and all sorts of debris .
10	no reports of outbreaks so far , but many injured are presenting with complicated crush and wound infections .
10	the victims are said to be suffering from conditions such kwashiorkor , a condition that comes about as a result of a high calory intake and protein deficiency of food and marasmus , which is a deficiency of both protein and energy in food .
3	there has been some improvement in pasture conditions in many pastoral areas , but the rains were generally inadequate to regenerate sufficient forage or to recharge temporary water catchments .
3	planning and contracting for the distribution of rainwater harvesting tanks has been finalized for the delivery of 2,500 tanks to 18 atolls .
1	unicef is also looking at the possibility of constructing 200 temporary classrooms ( consisting of cement slab , wooden structures , iron sheet roofs and walls in plastic sheeting ) for those children who cannot be accommodated in existing schools .
7	heavy monsoon rain at the end of june unleashed mudslides and flash floods in the himalayan state of uttarakhand which affected 1,600 villages , leaving more than 500 people dead and 5,000 missing .
10	anti-polio campaign documents say the notion has been persisting since 2004 when obscurantist elements in the society spread the concoction that certain human hormones were deliberately added to the oral polio vaccine ( opv ) to make children sterile .
1	thankfully they escaped uninjured , but their house , shop , fishing equipment and all their belongings were completely swept away by the waves .
1	the city , 100 km northeast of islamabad , was virtually flattened by the earthquake .
10	( a ) according to the ministry of health , 12 people out of the 24 confirmed cases of the ebola acute haemorrhagic fever syndrome have died in mbomo and mbanza .
1	among these , are four infrastructure grants to help lay the foundation and preparation for the renovation of feeder roads and the rehabilitation of a man-made lake for irrigation purposes .
3	the outbreak in orissa has been caused by drinking polluted water and eating contaminated meat , they added .
8	" he told the police to take us to the refugee camp but after he left , they beat us and fired bullets over our heads , " she said , crying and showing a badly swollen leg that had not healed two months after one of the policemen struck it with the barrel of his gun .
3	care is planning long-term assistance to communities by helping to treat contaminated water sources so people have access to clean water , and by providing vegetable seed so farmers can plant new crops to replace the ones they lost .
1	the true scale of destruction of agricultural land , homes , sewage systems , schools and livelihood is not yet know , but the un is appealing for £ 290m to help fund its efforts alongside the pakistan government in coming months .
8	isayas told the general that eritrea had been a victim of terrorism for the past 10 years and its support for the fight against terror " emanates from its national interest " .
1	banda aceh , indonesia , jan 4 ( afp ) @-@ relief efforts in indonesia 's quake- and tsunami-hit aceh province suffered a setback tuesday when the main airport was closed after a boeing 737 cargo plane skidded off the runway , officials said .
1	meanwhile , wfp trucks remain stranded in afmadow and near mogambo due to flooded roads and broken bridges .
10	" we are treating more than 200 patients every day " , says a busy red cross volunteer doctor in charge of the medical camp in kaluknali .
3	mercy malaysia has also distributed hygiene kits to more than 1,500 families this year and has begun projects of installing latrines , hand-pumps and water filtration systems to villages in the sindh province .
3	ten thousand chlorine tablets to purify water and 5000 family kits have also arrived from delhi .
10	irrigation systems are needed to grow more food and fight poverty and hunger , but they can serve as breeding sites for mosquitoes that transmit malaria .
8	guards hired by the ngo undertaking the distributions attempted to disperse the crowds by shooting in the air , but did not succeed .
10	geoff wiffin , unicef representative in sierra leone , says the push is the first time that a health campaign has been combined with a civil registration exercise .
8	in bamako last week , thousands took to the streets demanding armed intervention by a west african force to oust islamists forcing women to wear veils and destroying ancient tombs as they impose sharia law .
10 3	the outbreak is attributed to poor hygiene and improper sewerage that have led to the contamination of water and food with the cholera bacterium , vibrio cholerae .
8	militia attacks continued , despite the president 's pledge on 19 june to maintain stability and security in the region by disarming militias .
10	three assessment teams @-@ each accompanied by medical personnel @-@ have to date visited a total of 12 villages .
7	it said the accident happened at about 10 : 20 p.m. , trapping 71 people from 20 families .
1	how heavily the economy will be affected is unclear , but major industrial areas were affected , as well as bohemia 's agricultural heartland .
3	unicef has also sent 2,000 packets of ' piyush ' ( chlorine-based water purifying agents ) to four flood-affected districts in the eastern and central regions of nepal .
8	a brutal demonstration of the paranoia gripping the city was the lynching of two arab miners in gao on march 7 after an islamist attack on bamako .
1	whole villages have been destroyed and winter crops have failed in the unseasonably cold weather .
10 3	aai is educating both women and children about the importance of hand washing , disease transmission and how to maintain clean water sources .
10	nearly a thousand people suffered spinal cord injuries in the quake .
10 3	under such circumstance , ceci nepal 's wash initiative plays a significant role in availing earthquake affected people with clean drinking water and toilet facility to combat the possible outbreak of the contagious disease .
7	uk teams made 14 of the 24 live rescues made by international teams .
7	the rains in nepal over the past three days have killed 85 people and left more than 100 others unaccounted for , said national disaster management chief yadav prasad koirala .
1	he assured the senate that reconstruction authority would rebuild these lost schools , which would nonetheless take time .
1	referring to the new construction in the earthquake affected areas particularly due to frequent aftershocks , the chairman erra said the whole new construction and structure in the affected areas would be " earthquake resistance " and with proper heating system .
1	* care has launched household ( houses , latrines , waste disposal ) and village rehabilitation ( community centers , water systems , small economic activity development , watershed management and irrigations systems activities ) in three blocks of kutch district : anjar , rapar and bhachau .
10	the icrc has also deployed a three-person medical team comprising a ward nurse , a midwife and a doctorto pallaidivisionalhospital .
3	the system in chokwe has no backup generators and therefore had no water supply during this period .
10	the source explained that the provided assistance was estimated to be about 2,280 tons of corn in addition to a large amount of drugs and medicines .
10	will seasonal influenza vaccine continue to be available ?
3	as and when possible , wells are equipped with solar-powered pumps .
10	a trial of the experimental ebola drug brincidofovir in liberia has been halted due to a significant drop in the number of new ebola cases , coupled with the 30 january announcement by the drug ’ s manufacturer that it would no longer participate in the trial .
10	since the 8 th , tamil doctor benjamin from new zealand ( md in both nz and australia , trained in medical disaster management , and disaster trauma care ) has been using his expertise to conduct medical clinics in the refugee camps of kilinochchi , and murative states , basing his operations around puthukudiyiruppu hospital .
10	the agency 's medical and relief staff plan an outreach campaign focused on sanitation issues in the region , where doctors report an increase in gangrene and diarrhea days after the quake .
10	at least 80,000 people were killed and more than 100,000 injured after the powerful quake measuring 7.6 on the richter scale ripped through pakistan 's north west frontier province ( nwfp ) and pakistani-administered kashmir on 8 october .
3	* enhancing moh 's capacity to undertake water quality testing in the affected areas .
3	in bihar in northern india , children have reportedly been swimming and bathing in dirty flood waters contaminated by corpses , dead livestock , and waste , while others have been drinking from the stagnant pools .
1	delivering aid to yushu has been all the more difficult due to damaged , congested roads .
3	when the project ends early next year , deep tube wells will also have been built for seven communities , with the organisation also working with local people to promote hygiene .
8	the attacks on health facilities and the wider pattern of indiscriminate bombardment of towns and villages , often hitting homes , farms , and health and education facilities , constitute war crimes , human rights watch said .
1	the storms damaged hundreds of thatched houses , cut off villages and left many without electricity .
10	defence medical services the norwegian defence medical services @/@ military medical education and competence centre ( muks ) have assisted the civil authorities both with advice and with operational support in connection with the preparation and execution of the medical evacuation tasks .
8	they stressed their common position that israeli settlements , the separation barrier built anywhere in the occupied palestinian territory , home demolitions and evictions are illegal under international law and constitute obstacles for peace and they endanger the viability of the two-state solution .
3	it 's a small bottle of -- it 's called hydrogen -- i 'm sorry , sodium hydrochloride , and it is -- you put a capful in a 10-liter water container , you mix it around , and it will purify the water .
8	some of the protests turned violent , and according to local observers , the chadian police force killed four people , two in ndjamena and two others in sahr .
1	many villages flooded in sokuluk district due to rising water level in sokuluk river .
8	nearly 2 million colombians have fled their homes over the past 15 years to avoid violence linked to leftist rebels and ultra-rightist paramilitary forces .
10	in indonesia , obi has over 40 relief workers on the ground helping earthquake victims in padang and the surrounding area , including four medical teams in addition to a logistics and distribution team .
8	the majority of the 1.2 million idps in darfur who fled their homes earlier this year after arab militias launched a scorched-earth campaign of violence and intimidation against a mainly muslim african civilian population perceived to be rebel sympathizers .
7	kathmandu , aug 22 ( afp ) @-@ police and soldiers have reached a remote nepalese village where up to 100 people are feared buried under a mudslide triggered by lashing monsoon rains , state radio said thursday .
10	meanwhile , a decision by the afghan government on 27 july imposes restrictions on the travel of the elderly , minors , pregnant women and those suffering from chronic illnesses in a bid to prevent the spread of h1n1 during the umra and hajj season .
8	the bamako government and various rebel groups , mostly tuareg but also including arab organisations , are seeking to resolve a decades-old conflict which created a power vacuum in the desert north that was exploited by al-qaeda .
4	the un peacekeeping mission in mali , which is tasked with helping the country back on its feet after the political and security crisis triggered by the march 2012 armed coup , is around 3,000 troops short of its full strength of 12,000 .
10	a disaster management department official in bihar state said reports of diarrhea , viral fever , skin diseases , eye sores and throat infections had begun pouring in from far flung districts that were cut off for more than a month due to the raging floods .
10	stocks of this vaccine will take about a week to arrive , but in the meantime available tetanus toxoid vaccine will be used .
10	the confirmation of h5n1 avian influenza in poultry in nigeria is the first reported incidence of the highly pathogenic virus on the african continent and poses a risk to human health and livelihood .
8	combating islamist violence is expected to be high on the agenda as the secretary-general holds talks with president muhammadu buhari , whose inauguration in may sparked a massive upsurge in jihadist attacks .
1	the shiogama bible baptist church is retrofitting an outbuilding on the premises to house volunteers who serve in the community .
8	ngongi arrived by helicopter on wednesday in bunia , the main town in ituri , where he saw a column of exhausted villagers , " women in rags and unaccompanied children carrying bundles on their heads @-@ fleeing senseless killings " .
10	episcopal relief & development and the episcopal church of liberia are mobilizing an awareness-raising campaign about ebola prevention and treatment through church leaders and local volunteers in five counties .
10 3	in order to strengthen the island communities against disasters , the british red cross plans to run health and hygiene campaigns on the safe management of water and sanitation , and aim to educate people in varying the nutrient content in their diets so their health is more resilient .
10 7	the number of the injured and the missing stood at 374,176 and 18,379 respectively after the 8.0-magnitude quake jolted southwestern sichuan province and neighboring regions on may 12 .
1	it also envisages the preparation of alert activities , and population warning on occurance of disasters , the identification of evacuation routes and accomodation centres , the inventory of existing means and their strategic location , and the determination of additional resources necessary for a prompt response and mitigating actions .
8	nigerians deserve better – what does it say when members of the military carry out such unspeakable acts and capture the images on film ? ”
10	the hygiene and health situation in yida remain of serious concern and humanitarian partners are deploying teams around the camp to disseminate hygiene and health messages and identify cases for immediate medical attention .
4	after the current junta staged a bloody coup in 1988 , un envoys to burma under different missions made more than three dozen trips to burma in attempts to help solve the country 's decades-long political deadlock .
8	" seven additional terrorists camps were yesterday destroyed as more terrorists also died in the ongoing onslaught to flush them out of sambisa forest , " the defence headquarters said in a statement .
4 8	the shebab and other militia groups have tried to exploit the power vacuum in somalia , which has had no effective central authority since plunging into war 21 years ago when president mohamed siad barre was toppled .
3	the reservoirs of the rivers and lakes are now completely dry .
1	four major highways , nh 7 , 9 , 18 and 63 have suffered major damage in the flood .
10	muzaffarabad , dec 11 ( app ) : director general of the world health organization ( who ) dr. j. w. lee on sunday said that there was no major threat of epidemics in the quake stricken areas of azad kashmir as the situation was under control and immunization campaign had already begun to prevent the people especially the kids from diseases .
8	however , the overall security situation remained fragile throughout the country with many breaches of human rights in the ituri district resulting from the persisting clashes between various warring factions .
3	a few feet away from where a young woman sat baking chapattis , a child was splashing in a bath of stinking , tepid water , with swarms of flies buzzing around human faeces lying in the open nearby .
10	yet in the midst of the international community ’ s response to this spike in regional instability , the sahel faced a serious humanitarian crisis in 2012 brought on by a severe drought and failed harvests that put 18.7 million people at risk for food insecurity , including one million children at risk of severe acute malnutrition .
8	imatt ’ s mission is to help develop the rslaf into a democratically accountable and sustainable force in the country after the conclusion of hostilities .
1 3	since then , more than 9 million people have been directly affected by the cyclone which caused extensive damages to houses , water and sanitation infrastructures , harvests , food stocks and livelihoods , also killing livestock and destroying fishing material and other income generating assets .
3	the inhabitants used to obtain their drinking water from 4 deep wells and a section of piped water system connected with dingtang township .
1	officials say firefighters and soldiers are also making progress in containing rampant wildfires burning in many parts of the country , but some of the nation 's most sensitive nuclear research sites remain under threat .
4	his ousting of president amadou toumani toure weeks before a presidential election -- ostensibly over the government 's failure to stamp out the tuareg rebellion -- achieved the opposite of the desired effect .
3	jan. 26 , 2012 pathorkhali , bangladesh – shahanara begum beams as she works the pump lifting water from the village pond into a new sand filter that creates clean drinking water for many people in her village and nearby areas .
8	although down from its peak , violence persists in darfur nine years after sla and other ethnic minority rebels rose against the arab-dominated khartoum government , which they want to overthrow .
10	pentavalent vaccine is a combination of five vaccines-in-one that prevents diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , hepatitis b and haemophilus influenza type b , all through a single dose .
3	up to 2,400 people are provided with water at 20 x 3,000 litre static water tanks placed in strategic positions along national roads .
10	in phase ii , the program will also tackle onchocerciasis ( river blindness ) and trachoma , both of which cause blindness , and lymphatic filariasis ( elephantiasis ) .
10	dr shah jahan , the district health officer ( dho ) quetta told dawnnews that majority of the policemen were deployed at the ongoing balochistan sports festival and required security could not be provided to polio teams .
10 3	concerns about the spread of water-borne diseases are also growing as rain continues to pound the ethiopian highlands .
1	associated press reports that road crews have repaired a flood-damaged road along the limpopo river , enabling trucks to deliver food and relief supplies to chiacalane , 120 miles north of maputo .
10 3	health workers say clean water and sanitation , immunization against diseases such as measles , and supplemental feeding are urgently needed .
1	impacts include damage to pumping equipment , crops , irrigation schemes , villages and livestock ( fao ) .
8	following a joint pakistan and afghanistan contingency planning exercise facilitated by unhcr geneva in june 2000 , a contingency plan for afghanistan has been formulated to forecast possible population displacement as a result of drought and armed conflict .
8	the group ’ s trend of targeting victims due to their religious orientation will likely continue in 2015 , particularly if the kenyan government continues to adopt a counterterrorism policy which is itself discriminatory toward the country ’ s ethnic muslim population .
3	environmental experts suggest that baluchistan 's underground aquifers are dropping at 3.5 metres annually , and will run out in 15 years .
7	28-member well trained uae team to carry out relief and rescue operation in calamity hit areas arrived here sunday afternoon .
1	they are currently constructing walkways and drainage systems in camps as well as temporary shelter areas .
8	just 120 days after the conflict started , 140 hospital staff were trained in pfa along with 21 teachers and 74 refugee camp staff .
1	all roads except 16 state roads and 72 panchayat roads have been opened for normal vehicular traffic .
10	un agencies are rushing additional drugs to areas where new cholera cases have been reported , and they are continuing to chlorinate wells and to dig pit latrines to reduce the spread of cholera .
3	therefore , at request of the government and the affected population malteser international distributes purified drinking water by boats to areas with acute water shortage in the dry seasons .
8	several government ministers were arrested when the mutinous troops attacked the presidential palace on wednesday night .
8	“ the members of the security council reiterate their call to member states to assist the settlement of the crisis in mali and , in particular , to provide assistance to the malian defence and security forces in order to reduce the threat posed by terrorist organizations and associated groups , ” the council members said .
8	unhcr is outraged by mob violence which prevented international and local officials yesterday from laying the cornerstone for the reconstruction of a 16 th century mosque in banja luka @-@ the main city of republika srpska , one of the two constituent entities of bosnia and herzegovina .
3	water purification systems have been dispatched to the affected communities to ensure safe drinking water .
8	“ the pattern is always the same : steal , loot , and then set fire to everything , ” says the interlocutor to misna adding that “ an armed uprising is , at present , the only way for people to regain their dignity trampled by a government that is illiberal and violent . ”
1	situation : torrential rains from late may until early june have triggered flooding which has turned vast areas of southern china into muddy lakes , razed mountain villages and destroyed more than 76,000 housing units .
8	down in the south , in the capital bamako , mutinous soldiers seized power on thursday , fed up with the government 's failure to equip them properly to fight the tuareg insurrection .
10	admitted one month ago with severe gastrointestinal infections , including diarrhoea , fever and vomiting , she suffers from malnutrition , dehydration and a parasitic infection @-@ and will not likely be discharged for another three weeks .
1	crops and food stocks have been totally destroyed , homes demolished and the infrastructure wiped out .
8	some people reported hearing gunfire for several minutes and security forces shouting at them to vacate immediately .
10	in 2005 , the organization provided more than $ 119 million ( wholesale value ) in medicines , supplies and equipment to health projects in 53 countries , enough provisions to keep hundreds of local health professionals and clinics productively engaged and provide full courses of medical treatment for over 22 million people .
7	meanwhile , at least 120 orphan children , after being marooned for four days , were rescued tuesday by a team of indian coastguards .
3	as the deadly flooding recedes , relief efforts have now shifted to caring for families without shelter , food or clean water .
7	at least 40 fishermen were confirmed dead and more than 60 others were still missing in somalia after their wooden fishing dhows capsized sunday in the wake of killer waves off the east african coast .
3	technical assistance is being provided for effective management and operation of all water treatment plants installed in the resettlement and transit centres .
1	instead of providing emergency shelter in public buildings which the indian government closed , collective centres were set up which also provided material for provisional shelters .
10	on 2 february , a mortar attack hit taleh , killing four people and wounding dozens of others .
10 3	the british red cross has already allocated £ 75,000 from its disaster fund to provide emergency food for over 130,000 displaced families , and water purification tablets and drugs to treat waterborne diseases for 198,000 people in bangladesh .
1	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
3	there are several community water taps , but residents complain of lack of adequate toilets , which are usually clogged with water and waste during the rainy season .
8	these demonstrations have shown that improved seed varieties can improve yields .
10	aai provided twelve voltage stabilizers epi vaccination centers to enable them to operate their medicine fridges at constant temperature .
3	they disgorged water into underground tanks every 10 kilometres for the thirsty to trek there from far and wide .
8	but experts say the insurgents remain capable of hit-and-run strikes , and may increasingly target soft civilian targets , despite being weakened by the military offensive .
1	however , usaid staff observed ruts , small potholes , erosion of the road shoulder and washouts around some culverts .
1	balakot @-@ with helicopters grounded by low cloud , rain and snow and many roads still blocked by landslides , the united nations world food programme ( wfp ) has begun using packhorses and mules to bring emergency rations to survivors of the 8 october earthquake in remote mountain areas in pakistan and pakistani-administered kashmir .
10	unfpa is rehabilitating damaged birthing centers and providing tents , delivery tables and emergency reproductive health kits , which are pre-assembled packages containing essential drugs , supplies and equipment .
8	as political paralysis took hold in bamako , despite the setting up of an interim government earlier this year , the tuareg and their islamist allies continued a juggernaut which saw them seize all key northern towns and more than half the malian territory .
10	despite seasonal rains , the number of people infected with cholera will likely decrease from the approximately 15,834 cases reported in early september , due to divers assistance provided by local partners .
10	the earthquake , that has killed at least 30,000 people and injured many more , has left over 2.5 million people homeless .
3	much of the capital male was still without drinking water on saturday after a fire thursday knocked out the desalination plant that supplies fresh was to the densely populated capital .
10 1	since then , excessive rains have mitigated the anticipated improvements in food security , especially in the eastern pastoral areas where the adverse impacts of flooding include displacement of households , upsurge in water and vector borne diseases , limited access to markets , impassable roads and loss of life .
8	however , the road remains closed due to the fluid security situation .
10	thousands of people suffering cold related diseases ( cold , fevers , pneumonia , asthma , respiratory complications ) in many affected districts have approached medical centres for treatments .
7	hundreds of fishing boats caught in the cyclone failed to return to shore , while trees and power poles were uprooted , disrupting communication and electricity supplies .
10	health impacts from vegetation fires , which are major contributors of toxic pollutants , can surface long after the flames have been doused .
3	“ the solar pump system provides water to selected households at a lower price . ”
3	in nepal ’ s bardiya district , where malteser international has been conducting a disaster risk reduction project in flood-prone areas , prevention measures before the monsoon floods helped prevent greater damage to the water supply and protect village residents .
3	an assessment of four ncps in sigwe , a community severely affected by the drought , revealed that children travel approximately one and a half hours each day to get water from tankers .
1	for instance , in mutare ( manicaland province ) , sawmills employing a large number of workers are not operational as timbers cannot be transported under the current condition of roads and bridges .
3	the state government has distributed gratuitous relief viz ; rice 15,583 quintals , dal 683 quintals , salt 232 quintals and number of water purifying packets among the affected people .
3	" families are displaced and taking water from any available source , including open wells and traditional irrigation systems .
8	a first-year student at the university of zimbabwe ( uz ) batani hadzizi , died early on monday morning after seven riot policemen allegedly assaulted him in a hostel on the campus , the ' daily news ' reported on tuesday , quoting eye witnesses .
10	unicef has allocated a total of us $ 1,235,400 to treat children with severe and acute malnutrition , and to reduce the effects of household food insecurity .
8	a senior un relief official who visited the kivus earlier this month noted that eastern drc has been hit this year by massive humanitarian needs triggered by the rise of the m23 and violence by more than two dozen other armed groups across the region , with widespread abuses against civilians including murder , rape and brutal reprisals .
3	near 2 ’ 700 families with children below 5 years and pregnant women will receive hygiene kits ( soap , oral rehydration solution , aquatab water purifier , mosquito net ... ) .
10	pakistan air force has delivered 1,63,000 kg of relief cargo including tents , blankets , dry ration , medicines in the disaster stricken muzaffarabad and adjacent areas during last six days . the relief activities was undertaken by various paf transport aircrafts that include y-12 , c-130 , casa and mi-17 helicopters .
10	additionally , a suspected case of highly contagious haemorrhagic fever has been isolated in quake-hit bagh , although the diagnosis has not been confirmed .
10	@-@ mental health : these cases , with common neurological and psychological symptoms , are referred by the community health care workers and are being treated by doctors and nurses .
10	a team of 25 trauma-specialist physicians and nurses with international medical corps ( imc ) will participate in two emergency airlifts this saturday evening , january 8 , to the " ground zero " city of banda aceh , located at the northern tip of sumatra , indonesia .
8	21 : us counter-terrorism analysts have concluded the terrorists involved in a 1995 assassination plot against egyptian president hosni mubarak no longer enjoy the protection of sudan , a bush administration official has said .
8	politicians from tour é down spoke out against ` les amalgams ' , or half-truths that can be used by troublemakers to stir up hate campaigns , using the rebellion as a pretext for ethnic pogroms .
10	turning to the medium- and long-term initiatives to address ebola , he said private-public partnerships were needed to improve quality access to services , in addition to the creation of a united nations interagency task force at the country level to strengthen public health care systems .
1	coal production in dorli-i and ii opencast mines in kasipet mandal came to a standstill in the last two days with the rain water entering the opencast mines .
10	while the farms grow fresh fruits and vegetables for export , health centers in hunyu 's village continue to treat diseases related to nutritional deficiency .
10	reports suggest patients mostly treated for injuries , suppuration , chronic disease .
1	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
3	in addition , volunteers have been conducting disaster risk reduction ( drr ) trainings in 15 local schools , enhancing the capacity of sungai geringging 's future generations to cope with and mitigate the harmful effects of future disasters , and have built ten water catchment systems and six latrines .
8	fears about military instability have soared this week due to warnings that unita has threatened to kidnap foreign aid workers .
8	the chief spokesman for the government , speaking after a security meeting , warned afghan refugees already in pakistan they would be deported if they joined in any violent demonstrations against the u.s. attacks .
3	the whole country suffered electricity shortage shortage and subsequent in water supplies in the major cities from night of 15 th .
3	the pilot project for the establishment of a regional water resources inventory focused on the collection of all relevant information on the hydrology , hydrogeology , rainfall characteristics of the target weredas as well as technical details of various water schemes such as boreholes , shallow wells , birkas , and earth dams .
7	in the central province of hunan , seven people were killed and three more were feared buried under mud and rocks , xinhua reported on thursday .
3	to increase water availability in all of the affected areas , some large water storage tanks with proper delivery taps are needed .
7	but at around 3am , a good samaritan rescued the children using a pickup and then helped jump-start the vehicle of another stranded motorist .
8	the united states embassy has issued a travel warning to its citizens in sri lanka " to act with caution when traveling or working in the eastern region of the country because of on-going violence , including politically motivated assassinations in that area . "
8	mobs have sporadically attacked healthworkers in all three countries after being taken in by a variety of conspiracy theories , often characterising the outbreak as a plot by the west to murder africans and harvest their organs .
10	snnpr : in north omo and conso the top causes of morbidity are malaria , intestinal parasites , diarrhoeal diseases , tuberculosis , upper respiratory tract infection and malnutrition .
3	these projects covered digging wells , building water desalination plants , tanks and pumps and extending potable water pipe networks to some 10,000 beneficiaries .
10	he said the prevalence of hiv was not only taking a toll in lost lives and reduced life expectancy , but also directly undermining the capacity of communities to produce enough food .
10	following cyclone nargis in 2008 , unicef distributed child survival kits to help treat up to 600,000 episodes of diarrhoea , 300,000 cases of pneumonia and 60,000 cases of post-partum haemorrhage prevention , and 6,200 cases of neonatal sepsis and severe pneumonia .
10 3	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
10	in that regard , he said that plans related to vitamin a supplementation in food had been successfully implemented , as had plans aimed at broad-based eradication of preventable or readily treatable diseases .
3	one valid concern is that fecal matter from decomposing bodies may contaminate water .
3	acf 's field teams will provide access to clean water through water trucking , repair water points , disinfect contaminated sources , and distribute purification tablets .
4	outgoing prime minister navinchandra ramgoolam of mauritius was scheduled to formally resign on friday following this week 's landslide election victory for the opposition alliance in the indian ocean island , newspapers in mauritius reported .
3	natwargadh , india ( reuters ) @-@ ten-year-old bharti pushes herself through a swarm of people , unmindful of the sweltering sun or the frenetic crowd that tries to beat her to the edge of a well for a bucket of filthy water .
10	during the last week , 396,150 doses of vaccines ( enterotoxaemia , anthrax , black leg , haemorrhagic septicemia , sheep and goat pox , newcastle disease , pest des petits ruminants , foot and mouth disease , gumboro , and rabies ) have been administered in kabul and jalalabad regions .
8	demobilization is critical in stabilizing and reintegrating ex-combatants who , as members of a violent fighting force during liberia 's 14 years of turmoil , may have experienced little of ordinary daily life and relationships .
8	we will try to motivate the people to move , " said chaudhry abdul qayyum , a provincial additional commissioner , two days after police used canes to disperse demonstrators protesting against plans to shut down their camp .
10	admissions of children with severe acute malnutrition to community-based therapeutic care ( ctc ) centres were also high in february with over 5,000 new admissions reported .
10	ismail was then sent to a hospital run by m é decins sans fronti è res ( msf ) belgium , where he was admitted for two weeks until the edema subsided .
10	he said the government alone could not stand the cost of rehabilitating the area and appealed to ngos , international organisations , churches and donor agencies to help by providing food aid , building materials and drugs .
10 3	our patients continued to be mostly women and children suffering from dehydration , presumed malaria , respiratory infections , dysentery , diarrhea rashes and injuries .
1	the rains have destroyed houses and important roads and installations near gold mining areas , " kahindi said by telephone from geita .
4	independence : following the break-up of the ussr in september 199 , tajikistan proclaimed its independence and established a secular democratic state .
1	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
8	reporters sans frontieres ( rsf ) , a french group protecting the rights of journalists , condemns the attack in august on the prominent journalist , sergei duvanov , calling for a full investigation .
8	there are currently 1.4 billion people living in extreme poverty , of whom one-third live in countries affected by conflict and instability .
8	boko haram fighters have been seen going in and out of gamboru for months , sometimes firing rocket-propelled grenades towards fotokol , according to those who fled .
10	his baby daughter , just 15 days old and already ill with kidney problems , will especially benefit from the warm bedding .
1	many roads remain blocked by landslides and because of the steep terrain , there are few places for relief helicopters to land .
7	according to the latest update by the ministry of foreign affairs on wednesday , the number of the uncontactable singaporeans has dropped to eight , while nine are confirmed dead and 15 others are still missing .
1	in a country like chad , with very few paved roads , extremely weak infrastructures and indigent and unreliable electricity supply , challenges in these two domains are substantial .
3	high chronic malnutrition rates indicate a worsening of the food security situation due to insufficient nutritious food , poor access to health facilities , inadequate water and sanitation facilities , poor maternal and child care and limited livelihood opportunities .
10	he said the country has planned to immunize under-five children following polio outbreak in neighboring countries .
3	unicef is also organising the delivery of therapeutic and supplementary feeding for the drought affected population and providing support for the construction of hand-pump wells , water system repairs and bore hole drilling .
10	the tented clinics , which treat around 2,500 people every week , are scattered across pakistan-administered kashmir , the epicentre of the earthquake which struck in october last year .
8	on 8 december , unidentified gunmen attacked the money changers ' market in north mogadishu and stole an unknown amount of money .
8	a number of these devices were destined for somalia , where the us is currently using them to support the somali government forces in their battle against the al-qaeda-linked militant group al-shabab .
3	the lack of potable water , the stagnant putrid smelling water standing on roads and around homes , and lack of toilets together make up a deadly combination for the spread of epidemics .
10	the six countries will also adopt a training curriculum for their volunteers as the group feels that they play an important role in education and prevention , david dofara , a regional health specialist , told irin on thursday .
10	the projects include toilets for quarantined homes , fuel for an electricity generator that helps pump treated water into a reservoir for use in the township and at the ebola treatment centres , funds for a group of ebola survivors to help raise awareness of the virus and for a local radio station to produce programmes in local languages .
1	172 hectares of banana plantations 106 classrooms destroyed ngoma
1	reports indicate that many villages in the more remote areas may have been completely obliterated , while others may have suffered 95 percent destruction .
10	according to the who , cholera , spread by contaminated water and food , is an acute intestinal infection caused by the bacterium vibrio cholera .
10	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
1	musharraf said he feels satisfied that in a brief period of time , hundreds and thousands seismically safe structures , including houses , hospitals , educational institutions , roads , bridges and water supply schemes have been reconstructed on the principal of " build back better " .
10	in terms of global health , he had been inspired by the world response to the h1n1 influenza outbreak , but said that preventive and pre-emptive measures should be time-bound through a reporting system at the multilateral level .
8	the absence of clear frontlines and identifiable opponents and the increasing use of terror tactics have made children more vulnerable , ” she said .
1	powerful waves also damaged 3 km of sea dike , many embankments , over 100 houses , two schools and 30 salt stocks .
10	vaccination coverage in afghanistan has been low ( 15-30 % ) for a number of years , mainly due to the lack of health services , and therefore , measles outbreaks are common .
1	plenty of mud finds its way on to the roads making driving conditions hazardous .
3	in sri lanka , direct relief is working to provide secure , long-lasting access to clean drinking water in the most severely affected neighborhoods of the hard hit north and east coasts by funding the construction of wells .
10	but it inflicted few deaths compared with diseases like aids or malaria and only broke out in poor , remote areas -- with drug research limited and driven mainly by the us government 's bio-terror fears .
8	the war forced hundreds of thousands of people to seek refuge in neighbouring countries , including liberia , from where unhcr began repatriating sierra leoneans this week .
8	the arrest came as hundreds of minority tamils staged a noisy protest in the adjoining district of batticaloa accusing local officials of discrimination in the distribution of aid .
3	in the eastern state of orissa , at least 30,000 homeless people were living without food and water as heavy monsoon showers continued , officials said on monday .
3	it also provided health kits to community health workers and chlorinated wells in bu ' ale town . wv is now planning an in-depth assessment of the children aged under five years , one of the most vulnerable population groups affected in crisis situations .
10 3	our response the krcs team responded to the situation through provision of health promotion kits and water treatment household chemicals .
10	soaking bednets with insecticides has been shown extremely effective in protecting people from malaria and can be distributed to the most rural and most vulnerable populations in rural villages where most deaths occur .
10 3	sudan 's health ministry is distributing chlorine to sterilise water , repairing latrines and spraying insecticides to try to stop the spread of cholera and malaria after the worst floods in living memory .
1	the flash floods that followed torrential monsoonal rains in north-west pakistan between 28 and 30 july have caused great loss of life and wide-spread damage to infrastructure , livestock and property in more than 100 villages .
10 7 3	chf 200,000 was released from the dref to start up the relief assistance , followed by an emergency appeal for over chf 2,000,000 chf which includes shelter and food , health , water and sanitation as well as the ongoing rescue and first aid .
3	the irc will work with local groups to implement projects that include drilling and improving wells , constructing and repairing irrigation systems and distributing farming supplies .
3	drinking water sources away from sources of chemical or microbial contamination should be used as supplies .
10	*partners in the guinea ebola vaccine trial the guinea ebola vaccine trial is the coordinated effort of many international agencies .
3	unicef assisted the government of orissa in disinfecting wells and testing water sources for bacteriological contamination .
10	a total of 15 iom lorries are allocated for transporting medicines and medical equipment for the ministry of health to various locations .
1	twelve quake survivors died in a landslide near muzaffarabad in pakistani kashmir on july 24 , while other landslides blocked the only route between the city and the scenic neelum valley .
1	the explosions and resulting shockwaves destroyed nearly all buildings in mpila and severely damaged the surrounding neighborhoods of talangai and ouenze , as well as several other areas in downtown brazzaville .
10	to combat the re-emergence of polio , anthony kirbak , the director of the country ’ s expanded programme on immunization ( emi ) , said the ministry of health and humanitarian organizations have had to figure out how to circumvent low routine childhood immunization rates .
10	they would also constitute rapid response teams to deal with disease outbreaks and potential epidemics in conjunction with the government .
3	ocha says a series of short-term measures need to be taken to improve conditions for the farmers , including the repair and maintenance of desalinisation plants , the installation of manual pumps and increased capacity for stocking and treating water .
10	who , which has been working with sudan 's health ministry to stem the outbreak for over two months , said last month the epidemic was cholera , which is spread by a waterborne bacteria , causes severe watery diarrhoea and can lead to death within hours if not treated .
10	“ the government of nigeria is committed to reaching more children with cmam , ” said linus awute , permanent secretary of the nigerian federal ministry of health , “ we cannot accept that nigerian children continue to die of malnutrition and that our potential future leaders should be diminished by its effects . ”
10 3	he said atrocious weather in the north of the country could increase the chances of pneumonia and polluted water supplies increased the risk of waterborne diseases .
10	but i had to do the best i could , and when i was able to stop the profuse bleeding of a six-year-old child , i felt a sense of joy which is impossible to share .
8	the president told the delegation that the concept of operations for an african-led force to assist mali recover its territory from the separatist groups had been submitted to the un security council in response to the council ’ s 45-day deadline for the clarification of aspects of the proposed deployment .
8	islamist group ansar dine and its al-qaida affiliated allies seized full control of northern cities from separatist group mnla in june , sparking international alarm that the area will become a safe haven for terrorists .
8	ethiopia and eritrea are currently engaged in a vicious border war ; sudan is plagued by civil war and has the world 's largest population of internally displaced persons ; in somalia , fighting between rival militias is playing havoc with food security .
1	in total , fca has so far constructed 173 temporary school buildings to replace the ones damaged and destroyed by the violent april earthquake .
3	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
10 3	@-@ short-term needs are food , medical services , clothing , house supplies like drinking water , candles , match boxes , utensils , beddings etc.
10	kits include antiseptic soaps , antibiotics , anti-malarial drugs , fever medicines and bandages .
10	many children contract acute respiratory illnesses , which , if not treated early , can lead to life-threatening conditions such as pneumonia .
3	in the first ten months of 2001 , the icrc improved water supply in kabul by rehabilitating peri-urban water supply systems for up to 40,000 residents , and recomissioning pump stations feeding networks distributing water to a population of 100,000 .
7	in ningbo city two houses collapsed including a workers ' dormitory but firefighters rescued all 12 trapped people .
3	under its strategic innovations and partnership ( strip ) unit set up in 2010 , mr has been working closely with sp to design and develop appropriate technologies to support emergency relief efforts and sustainable development projects at crises-stricken and rural areas , focusing on water and sanitation , food , shelter and clean energy .
10	helpage india 's mobile medicare service has been in operation for almost 20 years , providing poor older people with basic health services in their community .
10	australia ’ s representative welcomed that iaea ’ s director general had quickly set up a task force to enhance response capacities to outbreaks of zoonotic diseases , including the ebola virus .
4 8	he was among the fiercest opponents of former junta chief amadou sanogo , who has recently been summoned before a judge to answer accusations that his men committed atrocities after overthrowing the democratically elected government in march last year .
7	a few villages close to the china border have also seen unseasonal snowfall , leaving dozens of shepherds and thousands of sheep stranded , a village headman told afp .
1	to date the road maintenance workers , who are clearing out the congestions of ice , mud and rock in the vicinity of gizel village , managed to move 3 km forward , but they still have to clear out 1,5 km of the road to restore communication between the kobanski gorge and vladikavkaz ( the capital of north ossetia ) .
3	the relief aids supplied to the flood victims were rice , soya bean , potatoes , aluminium pots , edible oils , packets of instant noodle , clothes , bottled water , mineral salt packets , enamal wares , and packets of fried rice .
8	as violence surges across somalia @-@ and cereal production turns out to be lower than originally forecast @-@ unicef fears that 2008 could be the worst-ever year for somalia 's children .
3	" the latest tests show no sign " of toxicity in waters anywhere in the city and any benzene that does enter urban waterways " can be handled by the charcoal filters that we have in place , " a spokesman for the regional emergency situations ministry office said .
3	the proposal includes a recovery business plan for the restoration of the pdam water utility company and assures continued operation of the ge water treatment plant through recurrent cost financing and training of staff to keep the plant operational .
10 1 3	new healthcare facilities will include upgraded water and sanitation facilities , furniture , basic equipment , and infectious waste incinerators .
8	in august 2000 , the organization suspended humanitarian air operations throughout the sudan , following the aerial bombardment of united nations aircraft and facilities on the ground at mapel in the lakes region .
10	on may 27 a massive earthquake struck the island of java , killing around 6,000 people , while hundreds of thousands of others were injured or made homeless .
3	without water chlorination tablets , oral rehydration salts and intravenous fluids , thousands were at risk for dehydration and death .
3	the packages include drinking water , pre-cooked rice , noodles , soymilk cartons , crackers , flashlights and other emergency essentials .
10	" although precise data are not available , the most common diseases in the accommodation centres were malaria , acute respiratory infections , diarrhoea , and skin infections .
10	@-@ prolonged flood is potential to endemic diseases .
10	unicef recently donated 300 kilograms of unimix , the high-protein porridge , as well as essential medicines to local health authorities in establishing the center .
8	karachi , june 13 ( afp ) @-@ a bomb injured three people wednesday as pakistan 's commercial hub of karachi was paralysed by a protest strike following a night of anti-government violence in which two people died .
10	the highly mobile medical team , which can be deployed on very short notice , has been carrying out surgical procedures on children and adults in the hospital in gorkha and providing support to women in childbirth for two days .
10	most tetanus cases came from balakot and were then shifted to mansehra to ayub medical college in abbottabad or pims hospital in islamabad .
10	malnutrition is a significant contributor to child morbidity and mortality in the gambia .
7	the missing men are employees of the civil construction firm soares da costa .
1	the world bank group funds have been providing support to more than 18,000 schools as they have reopened , including through ensuring cleaning and sanitizing of schools , building or repairing handwashing stations and water points in schools , and training teachers to use thermometers .
1 3	the rains , which broke 30 year records in mombassa , caused floods , landslides , washed away bridges and houses , damaged roads and disrupted water supplies .
10	control activities that are being carried include active case finding and contact tracing , enhanced surveillance , case management , public information and social mobilization and reinforcing infection control practices .
10	jean harman | peace corps | for 50 years , peace corps volunteers have worked side by side with rural communities to promote sustainable agriculture and infant and young child nutrition .
10	this year , world health day draws attention to the serious and increasing threat of vector-borne diseases such as malaria , dengue , lyme disease and yellow fever .
8	for over a month , as northeast sri lanka writhed in the grip of clashes between rebel and government forces , soldiers occupying houses or hiding behind sandbag bunkers were the only sign of life in this deserted town .
7	**hungary – floods ( civil protection ) ** due to the severe flood situation , caused by the heavy rains in the catchment basin of danube river this june , hunor and husz Á r un insarag classified rescue teams were deployed to give assistance in the flood protection works in hungary .
10	the jiangsu red cross is also distributing medicines and tents , of rmb 375,000 worth , to 5 most affected prefectures to help prevent outbreak of water-borne epidemics .
8	on 4 november 2001 , rcd and mlc leaders announced their intention to create a joint military force to forcibly disarm armed groups in the eastern democratic republic of the congo .
8	two miles closer to taleban lines , atop another huge natural escarpment at kuruk , a northern alliance spotter was helping direct outgoing artillery fire at kabul regime positions .
7	the helicopter rescues , saving people from rooftops and treetops , whisking others from small muddy islands . . . under these circumstances , helicopter pilots had to make tough decisions , and often those decisions were to rescue the very young and very old as a priority .
8	“ the security council reaffirms the sovereign prerogative of member states to secure their borders and calls on those of the sahel region to strengthen border security and consider establishing special units to undertake regional patrols , to effectively constrain the spread of transnational threats in the region .
8	after boko haram had left the town , more than 600 people , mostly recaptured detainees , were extrajudicially executed in various locations across maiduguri .
10	toxic waste dumped off the shore of cote d ' ivoire last august has polluted neighborhoods located near the water , causing health and environmental hazards .
10	the social welfare department ( swd ) today ( may 1 ) urged welfare service units to step up precautionary measures in the wake of the first confirmed case of human swine influenza in hong kong .
3	caritas internationalis is appealing for € 3,684,050 ( $ 5 million us ) to build water and sanitation facilities in a new refugee camp outside of dadaab , kenya , near the somali border .
10	as more and more somalis leave their homes and come to the capital , these highly contagious diseases are spreading .
4	we call on all parties to support the restoration of democratically elected civilian governance in mali as soon as possible .
7	unicef workers were forced to abandon their first attempt at reaching sarainyan village because of strong currents .
1	fifteen villages have been destroyed by molten lava flowing from mount nyiragongo and a third of the city of goma is reported to be on fire .
1	in the maldives the ifrc coordinated the construction of an entire community on dhuvaafaru an uninhabited island in the raa atoll .
1	lds has received reports of damage to school roofs , clinics and toilets in their operational area , in addition to roads , bridges and electrical transformers , which has severely hampered communications .
8	whilst she was engaged in her agenda to set up a joint mechanism with the liberation tigers of tamil eelam the capital city witnessed another noisy street demonstration which was broken up by the police using tear gas and water cannon for the second time in three days .
1 3	the state council also put emphasis on the efforts to restore hydropower facilities , saying priority should be given to the reconstruction and repair of reservoirs , dams , rural water supply systems , irrigation , hydrology and water resources .
8	the number of people internally displaced in c ô te d ' ivoire following the publication of presidential election results has continued to rise .
1	according to north korean officials , the expressway linking pyongyang and gaeseong has been damaged by heavy flooding , interfering with transportation .
3	in fact , the clean water operators should be paid for , chemical substance to clean water should be bought , and water treatment plant should be maintained .
1	the strong earthquake which shook the indian subcontinent on the morning of 26 january 2001 , india 's republic day , caused devastating damage in the western indian state of gujarat .
1	in south darfur , the icrc , through a contractor , continues to support the government-run sania deleba health clinics in nyala by expanding their examination rooms and renovating latrines .
8	taliban and opposition soldiers also exchanged heavy gunfire in the eastern province of kunar , but fighting had scaled down since fierce clashes on monday , opposition sources said .
7	foggy and overcast conditions in dehradun had delayed take off by choppers at sahasradhara helipad and jolly grant airport but air rescue operations resumed with improvement in the weather .
7	in addition , ocha reports that more than 600,000 people have been evacuated while another 1 million remain stranded in flooded areas .
1 3	pwj will target 30 villages in ingapu township and plan to distribute equipment @/@ tools for cleaning and repairing damaged houses , repair and improve water @/@ sanitation facilities ( wells , latrines , water filtering systems , etc. ) , install ceramic water filters at schools , and repair and furnish school buildings .
10	many of the wounded evacuated to hospitals in quetta for emergency treatment , for instance , braved the chilly temperatures and slept outside hospital buildings .
10	in addition , hope programs have helped to strengthen pediatric clinical care by procuring and installing equipment for obstetrics and neonatal intensive care units in four hospitals in regions affected by tsunami .
10	in all these areas , from tackling neglected diseases — such as yaws , leprosy and lymphatic filariasis — to fighting dengue , aids , tuberculosis and malaria , significant progress can be made by reaching out and working in greater partnership with others , dr shin said .
3	in addition , malteser international will build 75 rain water harvesting tanks as well as 2.000 mosquito proof latrines and repair 100 sources on the island that have been destroyed during the disaster .
10	soliders and health officials stepped up anti-epidemic operations as an outbreak of conjunctivitis , a highly contagious viral eye disease , spread nationwide .
8	yet the burmese military junta , fearing that contact between their isolated people and the outside world would expose its tyrannical rule and threaten it grip on power , is still refusing to allow in un officials and relief workers from ngos who come to help the burmese people from all over the world .
1	hirat monitored an ongoing foodac project which is conducting the rehabilitation of a 35km road , construction of 18 new culverts , reconstruction of boundary walls in 4 schools , cleaning of 25 km in irrigational canals , cleaning of one karez and cleaning of 2 water springs .
1	they have not determined how the quakes -- which have claimed several lives and destroyed hundreds of buildings -- are related to the volcanic activity that sent a river of lava spewing from mount nyiragongo into the town of goma in the east of the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) .
3	another 20 such water purifying machines with 20,000 litre capacity will be airlifted from hyderabad to srinagar on monday morning .
10	health assistance : a pmi mobile health team ( comprising two nurses , one medical assistant , four volunteers and headed by a government medical officer ) was deployed to rumberpon island with sufficient medicines for one week 's supply for some 350 families .
8	amnesty said on thursday it had received accounts of the attackers of firing indiscriminately , killing small children as well as a woman who was giving birth .
10	@-@ mobile outreach clinics performed on a weekly basis to locations without access to basic health services in the vicinity of guara-guara
3	in torit , hundreds of committed volunteers like martin are going house-to-house , distributing oral rehydration salts and soap and demonstrating how to take care of basic hygiene and use water purification tablets .
10 7	russia , the european union , the u.s. , turkey and belarus have sent helicopters , planes , rescue units and life-saving equipment .
10 3	the majority of the funds will be used to equip medical staff on the ground with the medicines and supplies most needed , including broad spectrum antibiotics , antiseptics and pain relief medication for trauma injuries , oral rehydration salts , and anti-malarial drugs .
3	and what we 've been doing with that money has basically been providing assistance to the flood-affected populations , which include food , nutrition programs , potable water and sanitation facilities , blankets , plastic sheeting to construct temporary shelters , as well as other relief commodities , logistical support , and other information services .
1	by encouraging community participation , providing technical training , and helping residents establish community organizations equipped to both manage the new infrastructure and designate " caretakers " trained in hand pump installation and repair , efficient operation and maintenance of the new systems is assured for generations to come .
8	washington , which has warned the region was becoming a new hub for al-qaeda , on friday supported ecowas ' efforts to force the junta to step down but said it was " very concerned " by the latest rebel advances .
10	in addition , the government was sending a team of air traffic controllers from the south african defence force , logistics and medical officers , with foreign affairs officials to assist in coordinating the effort .
1	while conducting a rapid response assessment during the tours of the councils , it was discovered that bridges linking various communities were cut off by the flood due to overflow of river benue as well as the release of water from the kiri dam in adamawa state and from lagdo dam in the republic of cameroun .
8	the members of the council reiterated their serious concern over the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the country , and expressed deep concern at the increased terrorist threat in the north due to the presence among the rebels of members of the terrorist group al-qaida in the islamic maghreb and extremist elements .
10	international medical corps has already received vials of yellow fever vaccine for high risk workers and has ordered additional vaccines for community members .
8	on 27 june , unidentified gunmen killed a doctor working with the international medical corp and his driver in el-berde , about 400 kilometres northwest of mogadishu .
10	earlier reports said bao developed a fever on the domestic flight , accompanied by a sore throat , coughing , nasal congestion and sneezing .
10 3	the ministry of trade and industry is directing efforts on troubleshooting damaged power distribution networks and providing electricity to installations such as water plants , hospitals , medical stations , and media and communication stations .
3	" along with food and water , blankets and shelter are absolutely crucial , " explains rainer lang , " temperatures drop to 5 @-@ 7 celsius at night and without a house or your old clothes this gets very cold @-@ not least for small children and the elderly . "
1	traffic long the kasara ghat on mumbai-agra road ( national highway no. 3 ) towards nashik and mumbai is blocked by highway police due to heavy rains & overtopping of floods on bridge near shahapur & on bhivandi bypass .
8	post-electoral protest actions related to the results of mayoral elections continued this week in various municipalities .
3	responding to the crisis in jijiga , care is tankering water to local and refugee communities , and will launch an emergency food distribution of 360 tons of maize over three months , starting the week of april 24 .
10 3	save the children @/@ us ( sc @/@ us ) @-@ drought-related relief activities in a range of sectors , including health with a focus on maternal and child care ; winterization for idps ; and cash-for-work drought activities including well and kareze repair and digging ; and wheat seed distribution .
8	separately , yasin malik , head of the jammu kashmir liberation front which has renounced violence and wants the region to be independent of both india and pakistan , called on the two countries ' leaders to negotiate immediately .
1	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
10	so far , the only reported cases of hospitalization due to radiation exposure are two plant workers who stepped into radioactively contaminated water while laying electrical cables in the basement of the building housing reactor no. 3 .
8	the agency said the jem blew up two petrol tankers belonging to slm , and took away land cruisers .
3	families have appealed to government to assist them with tapelines for drying food , tents for providing emergency accommodations , mosquitoe nets , water purification , posho and beans to help them through the floods ordeal .
1	on 27 islands , surveyors contracted by undp are performing technical assessments for infrastructure repair of jetties , warehouses , lighthouses and harbours .
1	officials said they would begin taking a census of people in camps on feb. 1 to determine who gets to move to barracks first , where there will be communal kitchens and schools .
8	the prevailing situation in afghanistan @-@ with war ravaging the country , serious drought afflicting certain regions and living conditions rapidly deteriorating @-@ only served to heighten fears about the fate of those returning , according to its iranian head of mission , francois calas .
10	this rapid-response shipment includes critically needed supplies to care for the thousands injured in saturday 's disaster : first-aid supplies , materials for making casts to set broken arms and legs , walkers , canes , crutches , warm weather clothing for hospital patients and hygiene kits .
10	the association has set up a service consisting of 12 mobile teams each comprising of two physiotherapists and five community workers .
8	i don't think we will be able to do anything significant regarding internal displacement and the problems of afghan refugees until such a time that there is a political settlement in their country .
8	( b ) approximately 20,000 to 30,000 wfp emop beneficiaries were displaced and several people lost their lives due to recent clashes reported in mandera .
1	( b ) on 29 april , the government formally requested international agencies to provide additional assistance for relief and to rehabilitate infrastructure , including equipment for the seismological centre .
10 8	on 17 december reuters news agency reported that some 60 people were injured when indian police used batons to push back hundreds of nepal-based bhutanese refugees who were trying to enter india in order to return to bhutan .
3	residents of tbilisi generally have electricity only for five hours a day , and lack water and telephone communications whenever the energy is switched off , the protesters said .
8	two aircraft landed tuesday delivering ammunition and weapons to the extremist shebab , chirchir said , adding he would not comment on where the weapons were coming from .
8	hundreds of war veterans protested outside president robert mugabe 's offices on wednesday to denounce a police crackdown on seven of their squatter camps .
8	" a combination of plunder by warlords , deforestation , inappropriate disposal of toxic wastes , an overwhelming migration of refugees and uncontrolled ground water extraction , ruined afghanistan 's environment , " nuristani said .
3	" the water container and faucets were set up at the basketball courts near the entrance to ahmad dahlan economics school .
3	oxfam and world vision have already started distributions of plastic sheeting , tinned foods , and water carriers .
8	attacks against peacekeepers were among the biggest risks for them , as demonstrated shown by the air violations perpetrated by certain occupation forces .
1	heavy rainfalls in northern togo have washed away a significant portion of cultivated land , over 30,000 houses have been destroyed , as well as 6 dams .
8	for instance , an article published on february 4 , 2013 , in l ’ express de bamako ( “ la liste des membres du mnla : des traitres à abattre pour la r é publique , ” list of mnla members : traitors to kill in the name of the republic ) contained language that could be considered incitement to violence .
3	@-@ the state is organizing hygiene awareness campaign on cable @/@ tv programmes and through press briefings for use of alum , boiling drinking water etc. by public .
8	at the same time there 's the insurgency in balochistan , political and sectarian violence elsewhere and , sometimes , high levels of crime .
1	1.3 as commercial operators are also beginning to use the kisumu port link to northern tanzania , congestion problems are beginning to appear on the mombasa-kisumu rail line , meaning that the majority of wfp 's cargo on the northern corridor is moving on the overland rail route to uganda , with a limited use of the kisumu-port bell rail ferry link .
1	@-@ one health post severely damaged , one secondary schools destroyed , 7 schools are considered unsafe and 15 secondary schools , 1 primary school and 3 kindergartens require minor repair .
1	the tower blocks were the only buildings to collapse in islamabad , about 95 km ( 60 miles ) southwest of the epicentre of the magnitude 7.6 quake , that at about 8.50 a.m. ( 0350 gmt ) on saturday .
10 3	it also distributed chlorine for purifying water and medical supplies .
10	after msf did the rehabilitation work to set up infection control and to upgrade the equipment of the triage , consultation rooms and pediatrics ward , msf staff started working inside the jdj hospital to support ministry of health staff .
3	construction of water harvesting structures to harness surface run-off during the monsoon through food-for-work programs and assistance to small and marginal farmers in construction of farm bunding .
8	namibian forces have set up bases inside angola in an operation aimed at ending unita rebel raids in northeastern namibia , a move a local human rights group has condemned as a dangerous escalation in windhoek 's involvement in the angolan conflict .
8	one [ shell also hit the mugunga 3 idp camp ] ( http://reliefweb.int/report/democratic-republic-congo/unhcr-condemns-killing-civilians-eastern-drc-seeing-new) near goma , which hosts around 14,000 idps .
8	" we have to look at the next steps : how do we deal with rebel groups in various conflicts who persistently continue to recruit child soldiers ?
10	and so you have to constantly do research to keep ahead of the insect population , or the viruses , or the parasites in the case of malaria .
1	india plans to build hundreds of homes , roads and government buildings washed away around campbell bay , site of a naval base , but so far , it has repaved just a sixth of a 35-kilometre ( 21-mile ) tsunami-wrecked highway that leads to shompen territory .
8	the angry protestors threw stones at dco office .
3	over 70 per cent of households reported inadequate access to clean water because of damage to rainwater collection systems and saltwater contamination of ponds .
8	as boko haram continues its territorial expansion in northeastern nigeria , it will need more operational and logistical resources , meaning that the group ’ s use of urban guerrilla warfare is a trend that is also likely to increase .
10	however , this year i was diagnosed with lung cancer and had to start coming to the hospital .
8	it expressed further concerns at reprisals and harassment of political dissent and human rights defenders in sri lanka .
3	@-@ unicef has dispatched 1000 jerry cans for delivery to the balochistan rural support programme which in collaboration with oxfam is providing safe drinking water to nearly 21,000 individuals in three affected districts of balochistan : kech , bolan and khuzdar .
1	the tremor measured 5.8 on the richter scale , the state seismological institute said , equal to another quake late on tuesday which brought already shaky buildings crumbling to the ground and injured some 300 people .
10	families who fled to makeshift camps were forced to scavenge for scarce food in conditions that aid agencies warned would expose thousands to outbreaks of disease .
8	" the gunmen arrived around 7 : 30 pm ( 1830 gmt ) , firing guns and shouting ' allahu akbar ! '
10	they also lack adequate medical equipment @/@ supplies , syringes and needles , antibiotics , and other supplies .
10 3	by abdimalik hajir hunger stricken families in garissa county are desperately appealing for relief food , water and medical services from the government and the international aid agencies as drought intensifies and the expected short rains delayed .
10 8	april 3 , 2013 — following deadly clashes in timbuktu , mali , on march 30 – 31 , doctors without borders @/@ m é decins sans fronti è res ( msf ) teams working in the city ’ s hospital treated 21 wounded people , including 11 civilians , two of whom died .
10 3	the army has set up mobile dispensaries in badly hit areas , where residents can get water purification tablets and rehydration salts for diarrhea victims .
3	" the government should harvest rainwater , which goes to waste during rainy season , and use it for domestic and agricultural purposes , " dr martin keya , who teaches conservation at jomo kenyatta university of agriculture and technology , told ips .
8	afghan civil society representatives told irin on wednesday that the afghans were also concerned about rampant violence in northern afghanistan , coupled with a fear of errant american bombs , such as those which killed dozens of civilians a week ago .
10	the tropical virus , transmitted through contact with infected bodily fluids , has killed more than 2,600 people in four countries since the start of the year -- more than half of them in liberia .
10	it is established the virus that has killed 20 out of 91 infected cases in western uganda is a new strain of ebola , which is characterized by high fever , abdominal pain and diarrhea but less internal and external bleeding .
10	more than $ 90,000 in antibiotics , oral rehydration kits and bandages will leave seattle 's boeing field this friday aboard a newly-purchased royal air maroc flight .
8	frustration boiled over in some areas in the capital and witnesses said police fired blanks into the air to disperse looters trying to steal from vehicles abandoned in the floods .
10 3	usaid @/@ ofda continues to address needs in water and sanitation , coordination , nutrition , and health , particularly preparing for outbreaks of endemic and opportunistic diseases .
3	britain is supporting the government of pakistan 's efforts to provide safe drinking water , hygiene kits , toilets , sewage clearance and waste removal .
8	two of five presidential guards accused of killing a driver who worked for president blaise compaore 's brother have admitted that they tortured the victim to extract information about an alleged coup attempt three years ago , bbc reported .
1	the remaining usd 75 million provided under the terp phase two will be utilized for the construction of houses , improvement of infrastructure and the rebuilding of livelihoods in the form of grants ( usd 30 million ) and concessional loans ( usd 45 million ) .
10	@-@ cover your mouth and nose with disposable tissues when coughing and sneezing , and dispose of the used tissues properly .
3	these families are suffering from food shortages , a lack of clean drinking water and extremely poor sanitary conditions .
10	to address this who funded icddr , b to determine the sensitivity and efficacy of artesunate monotherapy for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in bangladesh – a project ongoing since 2008 .
8	**after failed peace talks in algiers , mali is no closer to resolving the internal upheaval that is often oversimplified as a clear rift between north and south** the story of modern mali may at first look like a battle for supremacy between the bamako-based government in the south and rebel factions in the country ’ s north .
10	a cws medical team is currently focusing efforts on areas in the aceh 's sub-district of montasik , where they report that the most common symptoms are dermatology infections and allergies , acute respiratory infections ( ari ) , hypertension , and rheumatic arthritis .
10	additional funding is also needed for the continuation of the expanded programme on immunisation ( epi ) that seeks to halt the spread of preventable diseases through a national vaccination programme .
10	treated 305 cases of severe malnourishment .
10	a total of 358 spinal cord injuries have been reported across both provinces , however the actual number of people to have been disabled by the earthquake is believed to be much higher .
1	typhoon morakot slammed into taiwan on august 8 , dumping more than three metres ( 120 inches ) of rain that unleashed floods and mudslides which tore through houses and buildings , ripped up roads and smashed bridges .
7	he said 92 bodies had been recovered by yesterday and about 90 survivors rescued , while close to 500 were still missing .
8	kandasamy and her family are among thousands who have fled tamil tiger rebel-controlled territory in the eastern district of batticaloa to escape the crossfire of fierce artillery battles and air raids .
8	asnawi , who could not be immediately reached from jakarta by telephone , reportedly said the clash erupted after the rebels tried to ambush a passing convoy of military trucks that was carrying disaster relief supplies .
8	this alarming state of affairs wherein public officials are exercising power without a legal basis is nothing short of a complete negation of the rule of law as the fundamental basis of constitutional democracy .
3	water testing laboratory kits have been sent to all of the six who field offices and are focusing on faecal contamination of drinking water .
10	lutheran world relief is channeling funds through the action by churches together ( act ) network to act member organisations in indonesia that have begun to assist survivors with medical care and food .
10	@-@ the risks of water and vector borne diseases were minimized following awareness campaigns and spraying of stagnant water pools to eliminate potential mosquito breeding spots .
10	1.3 wfp is supporting a who supplementary feeding programme and health education campaign for the prevention of liver cirrhosis in gulran district of herat province .
3	at the end of august , unicef began installing eight 20,000-litre water bladders in bissau neighbourhoods that lack running water .
1	" they will clear broken trees and rubbish from their villages and from the access roads to their villages , clean up the ponds and wells , and help each other clear away tons of mud where their adobe houses once stood , " tidwell explains .
10	a total of 89,000 health leaflets containing essential messages on prevention of most prevalent diseases were printed and disseminated to the population of rrs and khatlon regions .
7	they failed to evacuate after the second powerful quake struck and got trapped in the hotel rubble , " said the staffer , who gave his name as harun .
3	thousands of rural water points have been submerged by floodwaters , forcing people to consume contaminated drinking water .
1	the main highway connecting the northern and southern parts of the country is severely damaged , and general infrastructure is in ruins .
3	* delivering tankered water to northern afghanistan
8	muminu haruna , 42 , said he hid in a grain silo behind his house with about eight other people until the gunmen left at about 1 : 00 pm .
3	it is planning to give substantial cash grants to vulnerable families and rehabilitate water and sanitation facilities .
1	villagers in paya ting , indonesia , have taken ownership of their tsunami-devastated community through a scheme that is enabling them to earn an income by cleaning up their communities , and improving damaged infrastucture .
8	the commission is concerned by the continuous occupation of the north of mali by terrorist groups such as al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) , ansar dine and the movement for unity and jihad in west africa ( mujao ) , which commit massive human rights violations with impunity against civilian populations .
8	attack on radio station members of the association of malian pupils and students ( aeem ) attacked radio kayira in the central city of koutiala on 30 april , damaging its premises and stealing equipment but failing in a bid to set it on fire because the police intervened .
1	roads are currently impassable with mudslides blocking traffic .
1 3	the floods severely damaged the water system , electrical infrastructure , and access roads in the oro provincial capital of popondetta , affecting an estimated 20,000 people .
8	with respect to the security challenges , the report stated that a key question was the extent to which the united nations could or should assume responsibility for security and stabilization , which , ultimately , would need to serve as an incentive to engage in a viable political process .
7	the boats were rescuing marooned villagers in central samastipur and beghusarai districts when the accidents took place , raising the death toll in the current spell of floods in bihar to 77 .
3	pwj staff also discovered that the sea water has impregnated household freshwater wells , increasing salinity .
3	later , the corps commander visited various city-localities to review the water arrangements made by wasa and army monitoring team for proper water distribution during current water crisis caused by prolong dry spell .
10	up to the writing of this update , the yeu hospital has provided medical help for 50 seriously injured patients and helped a mother to deliver her baby .
10	with five helicopters including four german heavy-lift ch-53 stallions , and one medevac chopper from luxembourg , nato 's air operation has delivered tons of aid to remote mountain villages while evacuating hundreds of sick and injured people .
1	nepal has been worst hit , with 105 people confirmed dead after torrential rain triggered landslides and flooding , devastating entire villages in what the country 's prime minister termed a " national tragedy " .
10	reports from these areas reveal that the incidence of water borne diseases @-@ diarrhoea , gastroenteritis @-@ is very high .
7	one coast guard ship is carrying out search and rescue at quilon .
3	furthermore , traditional water resource management committees will be re-established .
3	as well as delivering emergency water supplies , oxfam built a piped municipal water supply system in lhokseumawe to serve 10,000 people and constructed or repaired more than 50 gravity flow water supply systems serving 170 villages .
8	an unknown assailant shot a female reverend dead during a sermon at effata church in palu .
1 3	since considerable damage occurred to agricultural land , village roads and drinking water tube wells , act @/@ lws india identified urgent needs for installation of shallow tube wells , agriculture land reclamation , restoration of village link roads and de-silting of water sources on a priority basis under food for work schemes .
3	the project was funded to the tune of kshs13.8 million by the foundation and implemented by krcs with an aim of improving food security through increased access to safe water for irrigated farming and domestic needs .
10	cholera , seasonal influenza and bloody diarrhoea caused by shigella bacteria have all been detected in morobe as well as the neighbouring eastern highlands province .
10	the commission is helping combat an outbreak of yellow fever in senegal , which was first reported in september 2002 .
1	much of manado ’ s essential infrastructure — roads , bridges and drainages — have been severely damaged .
10	central public health teams , including epidemiologists and experts in malaria and leptospirosis , are assisting the state health authorities in instituting appropriate public health measures .
3	next to the boreholes are water troughs which livestock drink from .
1	the floods have caused substantial damage to crops and infrastructure : $ 300 million worth of rice crops destroyed , 9,160 km of roads damaged , over 6,500 bridges and culverts washed away and 1,800 schools being affected , according to the central control room of the ministry of disaster management and relief .
7	" this is day seven , with the low temperatures the chances of survival are very minimal -- now we 'll assist the people who are alive , " said british rescuer stuart downes who was preparing to leave muzaffarabad .
3	the pollutants that entered the river started to move downstream in a plume of contaminated water that is now estimated to be about 110 km long .
3	the putrid smell of rotting animal carcasses rent the air and saline water from the sea got mixed with river water to inundate villages , leading to a drinking water crisis in the districts .
8	in tokyo , japan 's foreign ministry said it would send about 100 police , firefighters and maritime safety personnel to taiwan .
8	rights activists accuse authorities of illegally holding the displaced in the heavily guarded camps , but the government says it has to first weed out liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) fighters and clear thousand of landmines before they can go home .
8	accounts of the number of killings and precise burial sites vary , but the killings appear to have been large-scale and are reported to have taken place near the rubatak pass , along the road from mazar-i-sharif to pul-i-khumri .
3	in light of needs in disaster-stricken areas , the government of the rok intends to transport to japan 480 tons ( 240,000 bottles ) of natural mineral water , 21 tons ( 100,000 pouches ) of boiled rice and 225 kg of korean seasoned laver .
3	surveys by oxfam and mercy corps international show that it will take months to increase the flow of water in darra , and that the shallow wells that served part of the valley when the old darra camps were set up in the 1980 s are now dry .
8	the enslavement of tens of thousands of ethnic dinka women and children by arab militias known as muraheleen continues unabated just as it did in the nineteenth century .
10	in july last year , chiayi was hit by a strong quake measuring 6.2 on the richter scale which left five people dead and 26 injured .
10	the damage to the health system also severely limits its capacity to handle other critical health needs such as prenatal care , births , chronic disease or malaria treatment .
8	police were also reportedly conducting helicopter patrols around rebel strongholds and other remote areas .
10 3	coordinators with the spanish red cross have been distributing blankets , sleeping mats , jerry cans for storing drinking water , purification tablets , soap , and insecticide-treated mosquito nets to guard against malaria .
10 3	large swathes of india are reeling under a scorching summer and nearly 900 people have died in the southern state of andhra pradesh due to heatstrokes and dehydration in the last 17 days .
4	myanmar has been ruled by military dictatorships since 1962 , when general ne win staged a military coup that dragged the once prosperous south-east asian country into socialism and isolationism that has yet to be fully discarded .
8	LEMERA, SOUTH - KIVU - Yesterday on 30/11/2017 at 2:00PM Estern Congo local time, one of Mai Mai leaders was shot dead by his fellow. Reports by people who were at Lemera post office where the killing took place say that the death of one of Mai Mai leaders known as Bitwange and one of his escorts is due to the disagreement between him and his fellow Gihebe who also heads another rebel group. Civilians who were interviewed by Imurenge.com over the phone in the morning of this Friday said that mai mai Gihebe and Bitwange have been heading rebel groups each, and are of one clan because they are both Pfurero. Gihebe accuses Bitwange of plundering their kindred villages, while Bitwange did not like the fact that Gihebe plundered the close relatives
7 1	Rain kills 20 people in Gakenke, Kigali-Musanze road blocked by land sliding The last night rains has killed more than 20 people in Gakenke District (numberls likely to increase) and caused land sliding which has blocked Kigali-Musanze main road in different areas in the District
1	Land portions and trees that collapsed and fell in the road On 04/05/2013, Kigali-Musanze Road had slided and split into two in Taba Cell of Gashenyi sector, then was repaired by the national army. We are still investigating this
7	Most victims are from Gakenke sector with 14 people killed according to Bisengimana Janvier, the executive secretary of the sector, in Izuba Rirashe newspaper. Bisengimana said: "we are still searching for missing people; the number may increase. Nganzo and Rusagara Cells are the most affected. Houses fell on those people and died immediately". There are reports saying that six people of one family died in Mataba Sector as a result of house collapsing on them. Another person in Mugunga Sector died as well
1	At the time this article was written, vehicles from Kigali to Musanze could not go beyond Gakenke business center known as Tentum ergot. This was the same for vehicles from Musanze heading to Kigali; they could not go beyond Buranga. There have been land sliding that has blocked the road in both places. Kigali-Musanze Road is blocked (photo-Umurengezi R
1	A tweet by the Ministry of Local Government says: Following too much rain in the North and caused disaster, Nyabarongo valley is currently flooded. Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it
1	However, Rubavu and Ngororero were also struck by disaster that killed people. These disasters killed over 49 people (34 in Gakenke, 8 in Muhanga, 3 in Ngororero and 4 in Rubavu) while injuring 26 and destroying 500 houses and houses including Kigali-Musanze highway and other local roads that were blocked by landslide. In the announcement on this Monday May 9[th] 2016, the government of Rwanda acknowledged people who helped and those who had over those whose houses collapsed
1	Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it. The highway from Kigali to Muhanga has been flooded by Nyabarongo River near Ruliba Clay factory on the border between Nyarugenge and Kamonyi
1	Nyabarongo Floods Stopped Traffic To and From the South The highway from Kigali to theSouth and West via Kamonyi and Muhanga, and the one from Kigali to the North and West via Musanze were blocked following unusual rain that struck the North and West of Rwanda.
1	The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it. The highway from Kigali to Muhanga has been flooded by Nyabarongo River near Ruliba Clay factory on the border between Nyarugenge and Kamonyi. Unusual rain caused disaster which killed people, destroyed people's houses, destroyed infrastructure including roads, hydroelectricity turbines as well as vegetation in the night of 7[th] to 8[th] May 2016
8	Burundians Refugees in Rwanda Are Going Back and Forth Visits: 8772 Comments: 0
1	Rubavu: People Whose Houses Were Destroyed by Rain Allegedly Forsaken by the District Visits : 2012 Comments: 3 0
3	Nyagatare: Some Flee to Uganda Following Famine Nyagatare district usually suffers drought, which caused some people in Musheri sector to flee to Uganda to earn a living
10 1	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people
1	Rwanda Meteorological Center also called for immediate action following extreme rain that is scheduled nowadays. In Ngororero district of Western Province, Gatumba sector, one (1) person had died while Muhororo sector lost four (4). Patrick Uwihoreye, executive secretary of Gatumba sector told UMUSEKE that they counted 21 houses that were destroyed by extreme rain and landslide as well as by car accidents time after time
1	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people. Rain damaged Kigali Musanze Rubavu highway due to landslid
10 3	The camp is located at 40 kilometers from the border between Rwanda and Burundi, and the international law says that refugee do not live near their country of origin. The Rwandan government plans to move them to Kirehe district, especially because they resisted from their leaders' encouragement to return back home. The camp management shows that based on shortage of firewood in Bugesera refugees are given cooked food because it would be difficult for them to cook once given raw food
10 1	At least 49 people have reportedly died of floods and landslide following extreme rain in the night of this Sunday May 8, 2016 in different areas of the country. 34 people who died are from Gakenke district in northern province of the country, eight from Muhanga, four from Rubavu and three from Ngororero districts. 26 others were injured and are now being taken care of in different hospitals, while over 500 houses were destroyed leaving hundreds of people homeless
1	Apart from those who died, rain seriously damaged crops such as beans and banana farms as well as forests. Landslide blocked Kigali-Musanze highway, leaving relations challenging since this Sunday morning. IGIH
1	Rubavu: Over 900 Houses Now Uninhabitable Following Severe Rain 926 houses from Nyundo, Rugerero and Kanama sectors of Rubavu district in the western province are now uninhabitable after 26 were destroyed by Sebeya floods while others were swept over, and 900 more are filled with water which caused the government to order their owners to leave them temporarily. Now some people who were affected by these disasters were hosted by their neighbors, however the governor of western province Munyantwari Alfonse said that on this Monday they will start to provide affected people with basic relief
1	Nyabarongo Overflowed Flooding Kigali-Muhanga Highway and Stopping the Traffic.PICTURES Nyabarongo floods are due to extreme rain of the night of May 9, 2016 which followed the one that killed many in northern province in the night of Saturday to Sunday May 8, 2016 resulting in disasters in that province which took up to 49 lives while leaving about 500 families empty-handed and others in hospitals
1	Nyabarongo floods are due to extreme rain of the night of May 9, 2016 which followed the one that killed many in northern province in the night of Saturday to Sunday May 8, 2016 resulting in disasters in that province which took up to 49 lives while leaving about 500 families empty-handed and others in hospitals. Following this extreme rain, many people mostly those travelling to different provinces stopped their travels due to Kigali - Muhanga highway which has been flooded by water, while Kigali-Musanze one was put out of use following landslide that blocked it at Cyome. Some of those who live nearby Nyabarongo who had planned to travel to other provinces told Inyarwanda.com that they could not cross Nyabarongo because the highway is out of use
10	Nyabarongo Overflowed Flooding Kigali-Muhanga Highway and Stopping the Traffic.PICTURES Nyabarongo floods are due to extreme rain of the night of May 9, 2016 which followed the one that killed many in northern province in the night of Saturday to Sunday May 8, 2016 resulting in disasters in that province which took up to 49 lives while leaving about 500 families empty-handed and others in hospitals. Following this extreme rain, many people mostly those travelling to different provinces stopped their travels due to Kigali - Muhanga highway which has been flooded by water, while Kigali-Musanze one was put out of use following landslide that blocked it at Cyome
1	In the morning of this Monday May 9, 2016 the ministry of local government published an announcement saying that the government is doing all they can to put the highways back in use and quickly. Until now the highway Kigali-Muhanga and Muhanga-Ngororero are out of use as affirmed by the government. The national police also used the announcement by the ministry of local government in announcing to the Rwandese that even if some roads are out of use they are making sure to find the way quickly. Kigali-Muhanga highway was put out of order by security force
1	Muhanga-Ngororero highway is out of order due to landslide that blocked it After that extreme rain, only in two days until now 49 people reportedly died following the effects of extreme rain including 34 from Gakenke, 8 from Muhanga, 3 from Ngororero and 4 from Rubavu. Also 24 were injured while over 500 houses were destroyed and most of who died were fell on by houses. The minister of disaster management and refugee affairs Mukantabana Seraphine told RBA that the government of Rwanda stands with Rwandans who lost their loved ones and those whose assets were damaged by extreme rain particularly Prime Minister Anastase Murekerezi will join the people of Gakenke in burial ceremony of those who died of that rain
1	Some of those who live nearby Nyabarongo who had planned to travel to other provinces told Inyarwanda.com that they could not cross Nyabarongo because the highway is out of use. Those who are in Nyabugogo who want to travel to the south, no tickets are being sold to them since no line is travelling there. What is the government position after travelling stopped and roads were blocked
10 1 7	Cars Stopped While Crossing People Are Being Carried on the Back Unusual rain started at daybreak of this Sunday in Gakenke district, Northern Province and killed 30 people while injuring many and damaging many infrastructures including Musanze - Kigali highway which was blocked by landslide at Buranga so that no traffic is using it as usual. This landslide is due to severe rain in this district from three in the morning until now
1	IP Gasasira also told us that people travelling to Kigali city who can are going through Muhanga district while the highway is temporarily out of use to be well renovated. Severe rain usually strikes parts of the Northern Province, where it also rained in Musanze district and destroyed 37 houses while killing small domestic animals in the night of April 18, 2016
10 1	This landslide is due to severe rain in this district from three in the morning until now. According to local reports, this rain struck Gakenke, Mugunga dna Mataba sectors which all are of this district. The leadership of Gakenke district said that Gakenke sector lost 16 people due to this rain, Mataba lost nine while Mugunga lost one; Coko lost two, Minazi and Muyongwe lost three each
1	IP Innocent Gasasira , the spokesman of police in the Northern Province told Makuruki.rw that this highway was blocked by landslide and is now out of use. IP Gasasira also told us that people travelling to Kigali city who can are going through Muhanga district while the highway is temporarily out of use to be well renovated. Severe rain usually strikes parts of the Northern Province, where it also rained in Musanze district and destroyed 37 houses while killing small domestic animals in the night of April 18, 2016
10 8	Five of the injured refugees are men and one is a woman. These refugees reside in two different zones of Nduta Transit Centre, where it is said that four of them were injured when they were collecting firewood for cooking in a forest outside of the Transit Centre, while the other two were out looking for work. One of the victims told Voice of America that the refugees have wounds on their backs, arms, and legs
8	Tanzanians continue to brutalize Burundian refugees in Tanzania Burundian refugees in Tanzania are crying for help after six of their own were seriously injured by unknown people
3	Gicumbi District assisted victims of the catastrophes that occurred in Gakenke On this Sunday, June 5[th], 2016, the Mayor of Gicumbi District, the Vice Mayor in charge of Social Affairs, the District Council and other District Authorities, Private Sector and Civil Society representative, and the National Women Council District representative visited 60 families consisting of 225 people who were displaced by heavy rain on the night of Saturday May 7, 2016. They live in the MINAZI Transit Centre. Those who are not in Transit Centres are staying with their friends who were not affected
1	Ministers Kaboneka and Mukantabana comforted people affected by natural disasters. On Wednesday 05/18, accompanied by Stella Ford Mugabo, Minister of Cabinet Affairs, they visited this District and were welcomed by Caritas Mukandasira, governor of Western Province, commanders of army and police, executive committee of the District and many joyful residents
1	Kaboneka Francis, the guest of honor, said: we have a comforting message from his Excellence President of the Republic; he is sorry to postpone the visit but assures he will come. He said the damaged road Gatumba-Nyange is going to be repaired. He took long insisting on bad habits of some parents who prevent their children from going to school
8	During that meeting he requested the reinforcement of the security of survivors of Genocide against Tutsis during the commemoration. http://t.co/JBRynUW3m
8	Governor of Northern Province requested residents to fight anyone with Genocide ideology http://t.co/TpgvVrZRE
7	Governor Bosenibamwe requested Rulindo residents to keep showing bodies of the victims of the Genocide against Tutsis so that they can be buried
8	On April 13[th], 2015, 47 bodies of the victims of the Genocide against Tutsis were buried in Rusiga/Rulindo Memorial Site. http://t.co/xq48eJIV5
4	Those residents requested the modification of the Constitution law to allow President Paul Kagame to continue to lead them to the development. http://t.co/5SSKI0ErP
8	Burundian refugees in Nyarugusu camp in #Tanzania. #Burundi http://t.co/zTaAl9ZRz
8	Governor Bosenibamwe asked residents of Gahunga Sector to fight against notorious drug smugglers and their accomplices. http://t.co/Fq2OtjhsI
1	Floods in Kabuye factory in #Kigali #Rwanda reportedly caused damages worth millions
8	Kamonyi: Youth are accusing parents for not talking to them about the genocide against the Tutsi
8	Kamonyi: Up to 4 people are accused of genocide ideology
1	Musanze: Extreme rain from volcanoes caused a lot of damage.
8	Security at presidential palace disturbed once again
8	DASSO beat a retailer in Nyabugogo and others protested
8	Kamonyi: Students rejected food and protested while throwing animator's clothes in a latrine
10	Accident took lives of people while others survived it
7	Rwanda marine forces wanted to save people's lives but found that it was too late
3	They used to have access to clean water but now they fetch dirty wate
3	They are drawing muddy water while they used to have clean water
8	The United Nations are worried about child soldiers>>>
8	Kwibuka 23: Mukanyirigira encouraged someone who killed her husband to stand up and hug each other
8	Kwibuka23: Words and actions based on the genocide ideology have caused 24 people to be arrested
8	23[rd] commemoration of the 1994 Genocide: 24 individuals are incarcerated because of their genocide ideology.
8	Kwibuka 23: Kamonyi, Genocide ideologists indicate that there is still a way to go
8	Boko Haram released 82 of the girls it kidnapped.
7	Kamonyi: He was hit by mine slide and couldn't be found after all day search
10	Fighting HIV/AIDS also goes hand in hand with taking care of prostitutes and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. ANSP+>>>
10	Fighting against AIDS and new transmission goes with caring for specific groups-ANSP+
10 8	An English woman was shot by assaulters but survived
8	37 prisoners killed in prison, investigation has started about prison guards
4 8	Diane Rwigara who wanted to become the president of Rwanda was arrested with her family
1	Unusual thunderstorm destroyed 126 houses in Rusizi district, took away school roofs, and damaged 22ha of crop
1	Kamonyi: House demolition goes on, some people hit by outside
10 8	Kamonyi: Man macheted by unknown people and left him almost dead
10	Over 700 policemen donated blood to support patients and others who need to be transfused
8	RT @RWALINDAP: #Rwanda: People butchery, where #Kagame and killers torture. Sooner or later, those who work there will report @gatjmv..
4	Adeline Rwigara requested that the police returns money taken away from them so that she may pay her lawyer Me Gashabana
7 8	RT @RWALINDAP: #Rwandans continue to disappear inside the country that disguises as safe. #Kagame na Leta ya #FPR they finished people..
8	THIS IS THE TIME: 7 FULL YEARS AFTER VICTIRE INGABIRE IS PRISON ACCUSED OF FIGHTING FOR PEACE @RadiyoyacuVOA
4	After denying the allegations, Adeline Rwigara before the court accused the ruling government of killing her...
7 8	Day 5 of hearing: Anne Rwigara continued to affirm that her father was killed! | The Rwandan news
8	Rubavu: Prisoners say that some genocide perpetrators are sitting with Kagame in the government! | The Rwandan
4	Rwanda: Paul Kagame's government is planning a way of impeaching Yoweli Kaguta Museveni in Uganda!
4	ANNOUNCEMENT FROM MOVEMENT FOR REFERENDUM IN RWANDA (R.R.M) | The RWandan
7 8	Uganda: Military court received policemen and their allies in kidnapping refugees from Rwanda
10 7 8	Karongi/KIBUYE: Up to 22 Congolese Tutsi refugees are reported killed by soldiers of...
3	Gicumbi: 535 families in Nyankenke sector received clean water
10	A priest's car hit seven of the Christians he was going to preach to #Rwanda
1 3	RT @JeanDeL94741214: @BureraDistrict @RwandaNorth: The District in partnership with Ruhengeri Diocese, built the NDAGO-RUYANGE waterway..
8	#Rwanda - #Burundi: Unrest between Rwanda and Burundi fire still burning
8	RT @GAERGRwanda: On a day like this in 1994, the Rwandan militia group, Interahamwe, and the presidential guard killed Tutsis that fled to St Vincent Pallotti parish..
8	RT @HORARWANDA: On April 10th, 1994, about 10,000 Tutsis died in Ruhuha Parish and its vicinity..
8	RT @RwandaRemembers: 12 April 1994 Soldiers and Interahamwe killed the Tutsi who had fled to Jali Health Center, in Jali sector..
7	RT @TuyisengeEpiph1: Today Gatsata sector buried 40 bodies that were not found for 24 years to be buried in memorials..
7	RT @Ibuka_Rwanda: #Kwibuka24: Mahmood Thobani who buried in dignity bodies of the Tutsi who during the genocide were thrown into Lake #Vict..
8	RT @Ibuka_Rwanda: #Kwibuka24: IBUKA Director Prof. Jean Pierre Dusingizemungu, in a night to remember the Tutsi who were killed in Nyanza of Kicukir..
7	Governor @gatjmv requests those who know the information about unburied bodies of the victims of the genocide against the Tutsi...
8	RT @PrimusRwanda: In order to commemorate the 1994 Genocide Against the Tutsi, #PGGS8 musicians visited the ..., On Friday, April 13[th], 2018..
1	RT @Umuseke: 2/2: 256 houses were damaged and 38 houses were completely destroyed. 328 hectares of crops were damaged, 14 livestock died, two bridges were damaged..
1 3	RT @Nakurecaissy: Nyagatare: the mudslide damaged water canals, causing eight administrative sectors to lose access to water.
8	RT @RwandaRemembers: 19 April 1994: Interahamwe assaulted the Tutsi who had fled in Muko commune in Gikongoro and killed only men and young men..
8	RT @RwandaRemembers: 18 April 1994 Tutsi who had fled to Mwulire hill and Sovu in @RwamaganaDistr were killed. This day also Abat..
8	RT @RwandaRemembers: 19 April 1994 Over 7,600 Tutsi who had fled to Kansi were killed after Priest Walgorisky from..
8	RT @RwandaEast: Governor Mufulukye consoled the 1994 genocide survivors in Mwulire, and he thanked those who played a role in..
8	RT @KarongiDistr: #Karongi, Bwishyura, BK staff came to give gifts to the survivors of the genocide against the Tutsi. They gave away 15 cows. It is done..
10 8	#BBC: Congolese refugee camp in Kiziba camp assaulted by #Rwandaarmy and @Rwandapolice. Now besieged. K...
8	Comforting survivors of the genocide against the Tutsi and encouraging them to keep going forward while striving to live well...
8	In his testimony, Mukakalinda Euphrasie who was made childless by the genocide against the Tutsi thanked President Paul...
8	RT @GAERGRwanda: On 23.04.1994: From 23-24 Mata 1994, Many Tutsi were killed in Gatsinsino and Cyuzi cya Nyamagana, ub..
8	RT @Ibuka_Rwanda: #Kwibuka24: April 29[th], 1994: On a day like this, Tutsis were killed in Kamarampaka Stadium in Cyangugu ..
8	RT @TheogeneDybak: 30th over 1000 Tutsi were killed inside Mibilizi church thought that they could not be killed in a worship place however they were all killed, ..
1	RT @IGIHE: Kigali-Muhanga: The flood prevented motorbikes from crossing Nyabarongo river (photos and video) |IGIHE #RwOT 👉
8	Congolese refugees in Kiziba call for help saying that they have seriously been shot at once again. You can listen to testimonies below ...
8	RT @RadiyoyacuVOA: Rwanda: Kiziba refugees say that they were under fire when they fled from the Transit Centre
8	Kiziba refugees say that they were shot at again. Here is what one of them said ttps://t.co/cQbAII6X4r via @YouTube<p
3	@RwandaNorth: If we work together to solve the problem of water spilled during transport, plan together...
8	RT @GAERGRwanda: The first commemoration of the Rwandan genocide victims who were thrown into lakes and rivers took place in Kicukiro District at Akagera river coast in...
3	We always complain about how WASAC doesn't give us enough water. I think it's funny because in boarding school we only used a small bucket of water to shower...
8	Among those are some who are still called priests while they should be called genocide perpetrators. Those are MUNYESHYAKA Wenceslas (famous for killings at Saint Family - Kigali), RUKUNDO Emmanuel, NDAGIJIMANA Joseph from KABGAYI and NYANDWI Athanase (This is a Burundian well known for killings in Kaduha). The issue of genocide perpetrators such as RUKUNDO Emmanuel, NDAGIJIMANA Joseph from KABGAYI was known based on invitation that was distributed in May 2016 and were publicized on 25 May 2016
8	Kabgayi Diocese should apologize for the crime that they committed of belittling the genocide By: Tom Ndahir
10 8	ANNOUNCEMENT: WE CONDEMN KILLINGS COMMITTED BY THE BLOODTHIRSTY CIRCLE OF THE DICTATOR PAUL KAGAME AGAINST BANYAMULENGE TUTSI REFUGEES WITHIN KIZIBA CAMP. The announcement by the government of Rwanda operating in Diaspora No 2018/02/00
8	That day over 40 were killed, while so many were injured in that assault against the refugees led by General Kagame Alex who used to be the head of Paul Kagame's presidential guards. 3. These killings happen after mass killings committed by this circle against other Congolese Tutsi refugees in MUDENDE and NKAMIRA camps in 1995 and 1996. 4. We cannot also forget extreme killings Paul Kagame and his circle committed against Rwandan Hutu who were in Kibeho camp in 1995, where over 80 innocent people were killed
8	3. These killings happen after mass killings committed by this circle against other Congolese Tutsi refugees in MUDENDE and NKAMIRA camps in 1995 and 1996. 4. We cannot also forget extreme killings Paul Kagame and his circle committed against Rwandan Hutu who were in Kibeho camp in 1995, where over 80 innocent people were killed. 5. What all of this shows is that Paul Kagame is a heartless killer, without ethnic or religious group and doesn't care for people in danger
1 4	Government didn't do what Gota did in Hambantota. Although during the Rajapaksa regime, former Defense Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, had taken steps to remove people who have been living in Kompanyaweediya for decades by- force from their homes within 24 hours, the current government has not done anything like that in Hambantota, says Mujibur Rahman, MP. Mujibar Rahumann said that the Rajapaksas took steps to expel families with children within 24 hours by using the army and the police and destroyed the houses to the ground and transferred those lands to foreign companies. He said when those families were expelled without even giving the children the time to take out their books from their homes
8	27 young Siripa pilgrims are arrested 27 young men who brought drugs during their pilgrimage to Siripa has been arrested That was during a raid by Hatton Police, yesterday (17th) They have been arrested over the possession of heroin and Kerala cannabis while they were travelling on the Hatton road. The suspects were residents of in Colombo, Gampaha, Kalutara, Panadura, Dehiwala, Piliyandala. The police has arrested three people who stole a water pump from a temple located in the Poojapitiya area. It is reported that among the arrested suspects are two students. Night before last night, this arrest was made possible as a result of a group of patrol police officers questioning the suspects while they were carrying the stolen motor. A monk of the relevant temple has lodged a complaint to the police. Stolen water pumps worth around Rs. 35,000 and the suspects were arraigned to Galagedera Magistrate Court, today (18)
1 7	As a result of the fire in the Kumara Veediya, 9 containers of leather goods are destroyed from the fire in Kumara Veediy
8	Do not gain political advantages spreading falsehood. Minister of Law and Order and Southern Development Sagala Ratnayake said that the tense situation flared up in Gintota area in Galle has now been completely controlled and the law and order has been fully consolidated in those areas. The Minister thanked all media institutions and all relevant parties for acting with responsibility in order to mitigate the damages. He also stated that as soon as he had heard about the incident, he had contacted the Inspector General of Police (IGP) and given him all necessary instructions
8	Gintota is calm Do not gain political advantages spreading falsehood
10 1 8	2 died, 11 injured, and 71 arrested in relation to Kandy riot. (Tharindu Jayawardane and Indika Ramanayake
10	71 suspects have been arrested so far in relation to the incident. The police has released today the report regarding the incidents that occurred in Kandy district in areas, such as Teldeniya, Menikhinna, Digana, and Akurana. The report was released in a press conference held at the Police Headquarters today with the presence of Director General of Government Information Department Sudarshana Gunawardena, Police Media Spokesman Ruwan Gunasekera, and Military Spokesman Brigadier Sumith Athapaththu The Police Media Spokesman stated that on the night of March 05[th], a shop and a house in the Pallekele police division had been set on fire and that a 26-year-old youth was found dead inside the house. The postmortem report has revealed the cause of the death as inhaling poisonous smoke, he further added
10 1	The police has released today the report regarding the incidents that occurred in Kandy district in areas, such as Teldeniya, Menikhinna, Digana, and Akurana. The report was released in a press conference held at the Police Headquarters today with the presence of Director General of Government Information Department Sudarshana Gunawardena, Police Media Spokesman Ruwan Gunasekera, and Military Spokesman Brigadier Sumith Athapaththu The Police Media Spokesman stated that on the night of March 05[th], a shop and a house in the Pallekele police division had been set on fire and that a 26-year-old youth was found dead inside the house. The postmortem report has revealed the cause of the death as inhaling poisonous smoke, he further added. The Police Media Spokesman further stated that a person was killed by exploding an armed grenade on his way to Mullegama in the Pujapitiya police division to carry out a violent activity. He further said that the safety pin of the grenade was found somewhere near to the dead person's body and that he was 28-year old
10	The Police Media Spokesman stated that on the night of March 05[th], a shop and a house in the Pallekele police division had been set on fire and that a 26-year-old youth was found dead inside the house. The postmortem report has revealed the cause of the death as inhaling poisonous smoke, he further added. The Police Media Spokesman further stated that a person was killed by exploding an armed grenade on his way to Mullegama in the Pujapitiya police division to carry out a violent activity. He further said that the safety pin of the grenade was found somewhere near to the dead person's body and that he was 28-year old. 11 who got injured in the incident have been admitted to hospital
10 8	Tear gas fired at Hambantota protest. A group of protesters staged a demonstration in several parts of Hambantota despite the Court's injunction
7	Floods in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka Reports say that eight killed, including an infant, and three more are missing due to the severe weather conditions that has prevailed in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka
7	He further added that security forces have been deployed throughout the country to provide relief to the affected. Two killed and one missing under the mound after a landslide hit Deraniyagala area. Landslid
1	Assistant Director of the Disaster Management Center Pradeep Kodippili said that nearly 12,000 people of 6,000 families have been affected by flood. He further stated that Colombo district is the worst affected due to the bad weather condition. Transport across the country has been hampered
10	Landslide One killed in Eheliyagoda area after a mound collapsed on the house. Villagers have been able to rescue two injured women who were inundated by the same mound
10	Hambantota Ports employees continue their hunger strike unto death for the third day - Two strikers hospitalized. Yesterday (11) was the third day of the hunger strike unto death launched by employees at the entrance of Hambantota Magampura Port premises demanding a fair resolution regarding the jobs of the 438 employees who were dismissed from services at the Hambantota Port
10	Hambantota Ports employees continue their hunger strike unto death for the third day - Two strikers hospitalized. Yesterday (11) was the third day of the hunger strike unto death launched by employees at the entrance of Hambantota Magampura Port premises demanding a fair resolution regarding the jobs of the 438 employees who were dismissed from services at the Hambantota Port. A group of thirty-eight Buddhist monks from the Hambantota District Monks Forum visited the spot on 10[th] evening, which was the second day of the strike, and inquired about employees' welfare and blessed them with Pirith prayer. After that, all the monks including the Incumbent of Hambantota Weligatta Raja Maha Viharaya said that if the government fails to provide a fair solution for these employees in the next two or three days, the monks would join the strike to support these children
8	People join along with JVP in protest against selling Hambantota. Stop selling Hambantota land immediately
8	Aluthgama conflict of 2014, Gintota incident in November 2017, an incident in a hotel at Ampara on 27[th] February 2018, Tedeniya incident in the past two days. Main cause in the Kandy Teldeniya incident was attacking a driver by a group and murdering him. Murders happen in this manner in our country
8	There are a few racial conflicts of recent times. Aluthgama conflict of 2014, Gintota incident in November 2017, an incident in a hotel at Ampara on 27[th] February 2018, Tedeniya incident in the past two days. Main cause in the Kandy Teldeniya incident was attacking a driver by a group and murdering him
7	Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd] , 2016 Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd], 2016. 2016-05-25 10:09:52 The Sri Lanka Air Force continues on rescue missions to save flood affected people and distribute relief. Bell 212 Helicopters had conducted search operations at 0600 hours. Since May 16[th] 2016, Sri Lanka Air Force had conducted missions to rescue people, distribution of aid and search through four B200 operations, Bell 412 two helicopter missions, twenty five Bell 212 missions and eleven MI 17 helicopter missions
10 7	Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster in May 2016 Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster - May 2016. In May 2016, the heaviest rainfall for 18 years was experienced in certain areas in Sri Lanka and due to that, a severe flood situation occurred in 24 districts and the worst recorded landslides had occurred. As a result of these disasters, it was recorded that 493,319 persons were displaced, 93 died, 33 were injured and 117 persons went on missing
10 1 3 7	(SBS Sinhala / Documentary) Natural disasters such as floods and cyclones have originated in several counties in Australia at present. Thus SBS Sinhala, decided to put forward a note of following protective steps and preliminary methods to be taken at such a situation
10	A disaster emergency medical service...
10	Dengue Prevention National Program again - Minister Rajith
10	Blast in Russia. Three who were hospitalized die.
8	'We condemn' the attacks on Muslim mosques - America
7	Floods and landslides caused many casualties ?
7	Due to the bad weather 91-die 110- missing 53000-displaced, Kelany River flood aler
7 3	Water level rises in the valley down the rivers - "Mora" Storm this evening
10 7	Floods and earth slips : More than a hundred thousand people in Galle affected by floods.
1 3	Floods and earth slips: Sixteen students of Sabaragamuwa lost their lives.
7	Death toll from the flood and landslides has risen to 194: 94 missing-update by News1st @NewsfirstSL...
1	#FLOODS HIT #EDUCATION: Effects of floods on school education. More Information
1	Daham comes forward to grant a house to flood-affected Devmini (Video/Photos)
8	Do not manipulate the religion to attack each other or treat others badly
1	"People in the area hit by landslide will be resettled soon "
10	A blast at Kokilai Sinhala Vidyalaya - eight students in hospital update by @adaderanasin #news #lka #naq...
10	Homemade medicine for the deadly Dengue Disease!
8	A financial grant from the President to the family of the girl died of a bullet
7	Irma cyclone: relief missions commences in Florida..
10	A mad person who had killed fifty nine in the Las Vegas attack yesterday (video) fifty nine people being dead ...
8	`Is this good governance?` A question from Namal showing video footage of the assault in Hambantota. `Is this good governance?` Hambantota police assau...
8	Sudden train strike - Fort and Maradana stations in turmoil. Strike is continuous.
10	Three wheel - motorbike accident which resulted in a women being dead. CCTV Day before yesterday (8) evening at Pannipitiya area in a car..
8	Wide-range investigation to be held on the police officer Daluwatte, who involved in the attack in Hambantota. During the Hambontota protest on 06th against transferring of Mattala Airport to India ..
8	Namal and D.V. Chanaka bailed out - Prasanna, Upali, and Ajith remanded again. Arrested in connection with protests in Hambantota...
8	A political hand behind the Hambantota protest
8	Unemployed graduates protest in Fort tomorrow
8	Another case to Ravi for attacking Port workers showing weapons. Former Minister Ravi Karunanayake parliament member Ravi Karunanayake and a group .
4 8	Catalonia issue: Massive protests in Barcelona...
10	Bus - three wheeler accident that had happened at Madurankuliya, Mundalama
10	Budget Appropriation Bill - 2018 Steps to be taken to control non-communicable diseases among children. Three kidney units are to be built
1 8	..who were arrested and remanded under charges for allegedly damaging state property during the Hambantota protest...
10	Aids given for 1000 families affected by floods in Elpitiya
7	7 killed, 23 injured due to adverse weather
4	Government cannot be toppled by this election - Minister Ranjith...
8	People protest blocking Kandy - Colombo road at Pilimatalawa
10	Ten injured from a blast at a super market
1	Fire in a drug store at Walasmulla
10	One dead and three injured when a motor car crashes onto a light post on 13[th] night near the Vauniya station
8	Water cannon and gas attack on SAITM protest
8	Protest from Tamil Nadu for revising the Fisheries Act.
4 8	198 instances of breaking Election laws and 61 violent acts
8	Another world war bomb that was dropped, found in a Hong Kong work site
1	A portion of Balangoda Seethagala Udakanda road sinks.
10	The Epidemiology Unit said that within the first month of the year, 6,203 dengue cases have been reported across the country. In the island...
8	Maldivian crises serious; Chief Justice too in Police custody
8	A group of NCPA getting ready for a strike
10 7	Accident in China - Eight dead
10	The Entomology Officers association states that there is a possibility of the Dengue disease to blow up to an epidemic level
10 7	An announcement from the Army headquarters about the explosion in the bus - two soldiers serious.. (UPDATE) (PHOTOS)...
10 7	Regarding the explosion at Kahagolla area in Diyathalawa, from the Superintendant of Police at Bandarawela ..
4	Padaviya, fishermen's license suspended
8	Turmoil in Ampara.. A restaurant destroyed for alleged claim of sterility pills found in food..[Video]
8	The law will be enforced against those involved in violence in Teldeniya
8	#lka #news Curfew imposed in Kanday administrative district..
8	How Muslims shops have been destroyed elsewhere in Kandy (video)
8	Here is the video footage which blazed up Teldeniya, Digana.. a lot of houses and shops are completely destroyed..
8	Due to the unrest situation in Digana town caused by Teldeniya incident, tear gas to disperse the crowd...
8	The government, joint opposition, and JVP on anti-Muslim attacks
8	State of Emergency is declared
8	Police fires in the air in Manikhinna because of defying of the curfew, Even though the curfew being imposed to Kandy district, Manik...
8	The Digana incident is an unfortunate situation created by outsiders - Muslim Minister Haleem: Muslim Religious...
8	State of Emergency in the country for 10 days: State of Emergency in the country for 10 days. 10 days period in the country ...
8	A body of a Muslim youth inside a burnt down house in Digana: after Digana incident taking place in Kandy yesterday...
8	Protest by Muslim community in front of Kollupitiya mosque at 12.30 last night (Video) at 12.30 last night Kollupi...
8	Exclusive : The state of emergency is imposed on the entire country..
8	Police curfew again in Kandy until tomorrow morning (PHOTO)
8	There are an organized group behind the Kandy-Teldeniya clash - Kandy District Inter-religious Committee Sathkorale...
8	The police knows who have came to Kandy from outside to create rattle
8	The president tours Kandy and meets religious leaders and activists of both: In Kandy destrict ...
8	There was no Muslim-Sinhala clashes until 2012 - They were created during my government by Good Governance Conspirators Mahinda Rajapaksa former ...
8	The Buddhist monk who stood up to protect Muslims when Manikhinna mosque was to set on fire. To set fire on Manikhinna mosque...
8	Rumors spreads that the human head found in a garbage bag in Aluthkade is of a Muslim. Colombo Aluthkade Bandaranayaka street shop...
8	In the conflict zone..of both religions.. the poor who work for daily wages. They may be waiting this to be over by tomorrow to make some money ...
8	The gazette notification imposing the State of Emergency in the country issued
8	The government pays its complete attention to restore the Kandy situation to normal, ruling party...
8	Kandy violence: Eighty one suspects under arrest
8	Vavuniya too flames up, Muslim politicians drive crazy to fuel up the existing fire - details here
10 8	Three hospitalized due to a shooting at Kotahena ...
8	The FB speech of main suspect Amith before the clash stating that there are no Sinhalese shops in Digana
8	In order to control the tense situation in the country, the government is to block social networking sites temporarily...
8	Former President meets all-religious leaders in Kandy
8	Do not spread racism for political benefits... all parties involved in thuggery, please stop...
8	Social network ban has 'facilitated' in controlling anti-Muslim attacks
8	Eighteen caught at Alawathugoda with petrol bombs, swards, steel poles..
8	The violent incidents took place in Kandy were pre-planned, says Democratic...
8	Due to the risk of damages being caused by outsiders on religious places, 57th Kilinochchi...
8	Sri Lanka: Violence against Muslim community condemned by Abroad Sri Lankan Network. | Sri Lanka Brief
8	Find out about those who led the conflict in Kandy -Hela Urumaya
8	The bully queen of wife (video) of a Southern Provincial Council member who has attacked a bus driver.
8	Anti-Muslim attacks in Kandy were organized ones - Ranil
8	Buddhist monks' operation which protected Muslims' property from attachs
8	A presidential committee to investigate Kandy clash
10 7 8	A Muslim shop was set on fire in Anamaduwa, Puttalam: A hotel called Madinah located on Anamaduwa-Puttalam road ...
8	#lka #news A reporter was arrested in connection with acts of violence in Kandy..
8	Although the law must protect all equally, during the Hambantota protest on 06th October 2017...
8	Actions will be taken to give the maximum punishment according to existing law for those who caused clashes in Kandy. Terrorism that lasted for 30 years...
1	" At first one lakh , later another four lakh " government compensation to restore damaged businesses, houses, and religious places , given...
10 7	Eleven including the daughter of a super rich millionaire dead due to an air craft accident ...
8	Surveyors at a strike tomorrow
8	Planning of violence found in Mahasen Balaka office.
8	Once again, raging against the peace among the communities, the violence has emerged. Weapons must be aimed at those live on the earth...
8	The government must take the liability for the Kandy incident
8	Those involved in the clash are Sinhala Buddhist organizations and Muslims.. SM was banned by the government. .Al Jazeera interviews those who are irrelevant...
8	If creating of recent turmoil is a political game, then it's not imaginable how and to whom the benefit of this would be.... existing problems of the government weeks...
8	Complaints continue of loss and damages in Kandy
8	`Do not lift the State of Emergency ` requests the security forces - Kandy security is under the Army!
8	Maha Sangha oppose dividing of Pujapitiya
8	'Two shooting incidents in Colombo on the same day...! Two lose their lives...
10	8511 Tuberculosis patients have been identified from Sri Lanka of which 8113 are new patients ...
8	We will compensate for religious places damaged by the Kandy Kandy
1 8	Phase one compensation for 131 houses and business places which were damaged due to riots that occurred in Kandy...
10	Dengue spreads due to a swimming pool of the Ceylon Electricity Board.. PHOTOS
8	Names of the politicians who got arrested in connection with the Kandy clash were revealed by parliamentarian ...
10 7	Two dead due to a poisonous gas in a factory in Dambulla...
10	Beware- Risk of Tuberculosis: The number of Tuberculosis reported in Sri Lanka by the year 2017 ...
8	A group of UNP parliamentarians who had an observation tour to Mattala Airport and the Hambantota Port were targeted ...
8	Person who was shot and died has been identified..
8	The attack on UNP MPs in Hambantota
8	Some of them wearing saffron robes, posing as monks, are encouraging the clash situations could be seen in the media...
8	A member of the UNP abducted. Maskeliya get hot. When Anti-riot squad was comeing, stones thrown inflicting injuries. (VIDEO/PHOTOS)...
10 7	Cab falls down a precipice at Ambagaha Oya area..
10 8	The fatal accident that heated Talawakele up Read more>>>
8	A walk from Kandy to Colombo as a protest to Ranil
8	96.1 FM or 96.3 FM Island wide. ---------------------------------------- The four arrested in connection with Kandy incident...
1	Sri Lanka Railway Department announces special train services for passengers during the New year festive season...
10 7 8	Seventy die from a poison gas attack in Syria
8	Two Corporals arrested on suspicion of violence acts in Poojapitiya
8	Steps to inquire into the written evidences related to Kandy violence
10	A house struck by lightning and 5 injured
8	Those arrested in connection with the Kandy incident have been remanded till next 23rd #lka #Remand #News1st
10	Increase in accidents in festive season by 26%.. #lka #News1st #Accident
8	A youth was murdered by hacking to death at Weligama Read More>>>
10	A police sergeant has been arrested in connection with a four-year-old boy being in a motorcycle and injured
10	Arousing fear in Canada, a van runs over pedestrians killing nine (PHOTO/VIDEOS)
8	The religious leader who is treated as a divined character by millions of followers around the world rapes a girl and goes to jail - Photos
10 7 3	66673 families in Puttalam District affected by the drought and the rough sea
10	13 students died - 8 injured in school bus-train collision
7	Search continues to find the teacher who was claimed by the Viana canal at dawn.. Video & Photos
10	96.1 FM or 96.3 FM Island wide. ------ Two struck by lightning which came with the rain ...
10	One person dead in the accident at Maracolliya at Tangalle Hambantota road - 6 others injured #lka...
1	Obstruction for vehicular traffic due to earth slips ...
10	Video of the horrible accident which halted the trip to Kataragama Watch More>>>
7	Rain water which drowned Nawalapitiya #HiruNews #StandBy 9.55pm
10	Reason for closing down of the library of Melbourne University due to a poisonous gas attack (PHOTOS/ VIDEO)
1	Dhammika Senevirathne, Saturday May 21[st], 2016 - 1.00 Due to the adverse weather conditions resulting in floods and landslides, they have taken a toll of hundreds of lives and lakhs being subjected to hardships had become a frontline story in the International Press. The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties
1	The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties. Attention of International media has been drawn to the landslide catastrophes at areas like Aranayake and Bulathkohupitiya. As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide
7	As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide. Security forces along with people from the villages have been conducting rescue and relief missions with a great effort. AP report which mentioned that the number of people in the villages of Elangapitiya, Siripura, Pallebage reported that it cannot be known exactly but had mentioned that it could be 1000 - 1500. The displaced persons have arrived at temporary camps and secure places
1	A forest area of about 400,000 hectares had been burnt out. Massive property destructions have happened at places like Macware. The authorities have instructed the people who have been evacuated from the bushfire areas to drink boiled water and to have in stock adequate essential goods and medicines till the end of June. The damages at Macware area due to the bushfires seem to be devastating
3	Landslides had occurred in mountainous areas. High temperatures have recorded in Israel and Jordan. Syrian refugees at Jordan border are undergoing hardships due to lack of water
8	Why does incidents like Ginthota happen? Why does incidents like Ginthota happen
8	Against the Social Media Suppression! Against the Social Media Suppression! Based on the Teldeniya Incident, the Government implemented temporary censorship on few Social Media Networks including fb, and we deplore the same being continued to a complete Media censorship! We shall resist the same ! It is proven by the notification dated March 15, 2018 issued by the Presidential Media Unit that the long discussions were conducted mainly by President's Secretary, Austin Munasinghe and the officers attached to the Presidential Secretariat and Telecommunication Regulatory Commission in order to implement a procedure to regulate the Social Media in the Country and to develop a correlative Institutional Structure. After combining and analyzing the content of such Notification and the views expressed by the President and spokesmen of the Government it comprehended that a special procedure is implemented to suppress the wide public resistance growing against the government sheltering by the "regulation of spreading the statements of racist and profane nature" It is indisputable that the main reason for such actions of the Government is the rigid public resistance leveled against the Government in the recent Local Authority Election. Accordingly, we emphasize that all of those who try to connote democracy must intervene in order to disrupt the attempts taken by the Government to suppress the true public opinion targeting the next Presidential and General Elections. Also, we generally request from all to use this contemporary media space for the general public wellbeing without strengthening the suppressive procedure of the Government which degenerates the Society
7	Minister of Disaster Management, Mr. Anura Priyadarshana Yapa disclosed to a special media meeting held yesterday (26) at the Ministry that 92,159 belonging to 20,957 families are being detained at 253 camps of affected inmates. The highest damage has been reported from Colombo District. A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods
10 7	A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts
7	The wounded were 13. Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected
10 7	The latest data on floods, land slips and natural disasters: by admin May 27, 2016 According to the daily position reports issued by the Disaster Management Centre May 26, 2016, there were 301,502 individuals of 74,808 families who were affected by the continuous rains and flood related land slips. There were 104 deaths and 31 injured. The number considered disappeared were 99. There have been 623 houses completely destroyed and 4,414 houses partially damaged. Minister of Disaster Management, Mr. Anura Priyadarshana Yapa disclosed to a special media meeting held yesterday (26) at the Ministry that 92,159 belonging to 20,957 families are being detained at 253 camps of affected inmates. The highest damage has been reported from Colombo District. A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts. The wounded were 13. Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected. These are the camps established in the Colombo district as the Divisional Secretary Divisions: Kolonnawa Dharmodaya Temple Kandaviharaya Anandaramaya Kalatuwawa Viharaya Henawatta Viharaya Galpatha Viharaya Walgama Community Centre Vidyawaran Primary School Kolonnawa Girls College Nagurukkarmaraya Ketthamarama Kolonnawa Vihara Kaduwela: Maithri Bodhi Vihara Roman Catholic Church Munidasa Kumaratunge Vidyalaya Bolwela Road Camp Gunasekara Viharaya Welihena community Centre Sankhapitti Vihara Camp near the Korathota Power Station Homagama: Embuldeniya Viharaya Colombo Suwasetha Suffers Keththarama Vihar in the Kegalle district displaced people live in more than 100 protected places. More than 1,000 people have been affected by the floods in Gampaha, Kalutara, Ratnapura, Kandy, Galle, Matara, Hambantota, Vavuniya, Mannar, Mullaitivu, Kilinochchi and Batticaloa districts. The latest relief requirements issued by the DMC can be accessed here
10	World Health Organization says that Ebola has been witnessed again in Sierra Leone
10	World Health Organization stated that Ebola disease has reappeared in Sierra Leone.
8	Shooting in the middle of the city of Ouagadougou. Heavy shooting and explosions was heard in one of the big hotels in Ouagadougou, the capital city of Burkina Faso. The hotel, Westerners...
8	Fighting in town center Ouagadougou. In Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, tonight heavy fighting and explosion was heard. The hotel is frequented by westerners. ...
8	One suspect of France attack is arrested: Police France have arrested one suspect of the Normandy attack: two others who in the attack ...
8	A suspect of the France attack has been arrested. In connection to the attack in Normandy, the French police have detained a suspect. Two others who took part in the attack...
10	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in the rocket attack incident that fell in Mogadishu near the governmental presidential residential houses at least
10	1 person died and 7 injured in an attack that took place in Mogadishu.
8	Pr. Barack Obama said, the Orlando attack, is "the most shocking in the history of America"
8	Pre. Barack Obama has described the Orlando attack as "most horrific in America's history".
8	In the uprising in Oromo region, more than 300 people have been killed and thousands imprisoned.
8	It is announced that in the opposition movement that started in Oromia Region of Ethiopia over 300 people are killed and thousands arrested
8	"the cause of the unrest in the Oromia zone are forces who lost politicaly" Oromia Zone government. The cause of the unrest of the last few weeks that happened in different regions of the Ormia zone are lose
8	"The instigators of Oromia Region are political losers", Oromia Regional government. The instigators of the unrest that erupted this week in various parts of Oromia Region are...
8	Representatives of Amhara region government have interviewed Tigrayan victims of the uprising
8	A delegation from the Amhara Region government discussed with Tigrayan victims of the disturbances.
8	18 people were killed due to exchange of shots at the United Nations camp in South Sudan. An international aid group called Doctors without borders /MSF/
8	18 individuals have died in a shooting in a United Nations camp in South Sudan - Humanitarian organization Medecins sans Frontieres (MSF) in South Sudan ...
8	"Ethiopian unity is at risk" FC. Yesterday Tuesday one student was killed when high school students went out on a demonstration. That carried the remains ...
8	"Ethiopian Unity is in danger", OFC. One student was killed last Tuesday when secondary school students in western Oromia went out on a demonstration. ... that was transporting the body ...
3	A preparation has been done to tackle flood accidents-Mr. Getachew Reda... Mekele May 04/2008 People living in those areas in danger of flooding are being moved to other regions, Mr. Getachew Reda Minister of communication of the government reported. The minister indicated in a seminar he conducted more than 100 people have died in different parts of our country. Though the government had made preparations, the natural disaster has caused damages. The minister also indicated that based on information from the meteorology department, preparations were done, including moving residents from flood endangered areas. Meanwhile, food aid operations in drought affected areas has been continuing with good progress, the minister indicated
3	Preparation made to prevent flood disasters - Mr. Getachew Reda. Mekele, May 4, 2008 (Voice of Woyane Tigray). Mr. Getachew Reda, Minister of Government Communication Affairs, stated that communities in some regions of the country that are faced with flooding risk, following the current rains, are being relocated. Commenting on current affairs, the Minister announced that more than 100 persons have died due to floods in different regions of the country. He said the fatalities happened despite the government's prevention measures, as this was a natural calamity. The Minister stated that several prevention measures have been taken, including the relocation of communities living in areas prone to flooding risk, as determined by information obtained from the National Meteorological Agency. On the other hand, he indicated that food assistance to communities living in areas affected by drought has been stepped up and was continuing
8	In Oromia region uprising continues: In some areas of Oromo region the uprising continued today and the number of people arrested also increased ...
8	Resistance continues in Oromia Region: In some areas of Oromia Region, opposition continued today as well and the number of detainees is increasing, the opposition Federalist Party ...
8	It was reported that members of troops stationed in the central command angered by the racial officer training are committing suicide The reports that reached us indicated the 23[rd] armed division; 2[nd] regiment, 3[rd] internal battalion the deputy commander of the group corporal Chala Gadisa a soldier and an Oromo national "in different stages an opposing view is presented; it's not governed by the constitution, is bitter about the government." By presenting such defamations he was told he doesn't deserve a rank and the decision of the commanders was passed to him, he was angered and it was reported, when he was out on a guard duty, he committed suicide. The report that our sources indicated, at this time the growth inside the EPRDF forces is based on different and small interests in the unjust operations that is spreading in the training for senior commanders of the troops, inequality and injustice is being committed
8	It has been reported that some soldiers in the Central Command have committed suicide due to frustration resulting from racial discrimination in assigning ranks. According to information we received, the deputy commander of the 3[rd] company, 2[nd] regiment, of the 23[rd] Division, sergeant Chala Gadisa, who is of Oromo origin, ... "at different times, he voiced opposing views; he is not loyal to the Constitution; complains about the government" Citing such slanders, he was denied promotion to a higher rank by the commanders, as a result of which he became frustrated and killed himself while on guard duty. The information sent by our sources indicates that the higher leadership of the EPRDF army has been sponsoring unjust practices for promotions and other benefits within the army, which has resulted in discrimination and other abuses among the troops
8	A Somali General says that the Kenyan troops know about the attack that happened in Somalia
8	Somali General says the Kenyan military knew about the attack that took place in Somalia.
3	Disasters caused by climate change; they have also occurred in Ethiopia in many instances
3	Disasters due to climate imbalance have been widely experienced in Ethiopia
1	Due to the flooding, 300 lives were lost and several houses and business buildings were overwhelmed
1	300 Diredawa residents were killed, and many houses and businesses were destroyed due to the flooding
8	Based on the news we received from Khartoum, Sudanese security forces are undertaking intensive roundup in the regions of Aldeym, Sahafa, and Jirefn, in which many Eritrean refugees reside
8	According to information reaching us from Khartoum, Sudanese security forces are conducting extensive arrests around the areas of Al Deim, Sahafa and Jiref where large numbers of Eritreans live
8	RT @VOATigrigna: Human Rights Watch said in Oromo region more than 200 people have been killed and thousands imprisoned
8	Over 200 people died and thousands were arrested in Oromia Region, says Human Rights Watch.
1	the president of Kenya said a special prison will be built to incarcerate suspects of terrorism
1	Kenyan president said special prison to be built for terror suspects.
3	Based on this the number of the children who are affected by the drought has reached 450 thousand. The delayed assistance supply of the Ethiopian government has created a gap which worried the community.If the world community fails to respond to the needy Ethiopian people in these days or at least in a week a huge human crisis may occur in Ethiopia, added the report
3	As a result, after reporting the number of children severely affected by the famine has reached 450 thousand. The support allocated by the Ethiopian government for these affected communities is being delayed and is creating a gap in delivery, which is troubling. At this moment, if the international community did not deliver aid to Ethiopians suffering from starvation within days, or, at the latest, in a week, it warned that a serious humanitarian crisis will ensue in Ethiopia
8	"The Ethiopian government: Under the pretext of anti-terrorism, the Ethiopian government could take repressive action against demonstrators" Amnesty International
8	Amnesty International warns Ethiopian government could take harsher measures to crash demonstrators, with the pretext of fighting terrorism.
8	The report said the protest continued in the Dabat town starting from the afternoon to the midnight, the points raised in the peaceful public protest was based on the peoples' identity which calls the government to bring permanent solutions to urgent demands and administrative problems
8	The information further explained that some of the points raised in the Dabat town demonstration, which went on from noon to midnight, included: the government should find lasting solutions to the questions of identity being raised about peoples and the urgent questions and problems of good governance
8	Due to increasing number of defecting federal police members, the government is conducting closed meetings to put pressure to the remaining members, however they have failed and were concluded without an agreement. According to the report,, due to increasing number of defected members of the federal police of the ruling EPRDF regime the government made different closed meetings to the remaining members to put pressure over them, but all of the meetings were dispersed without any agreement. The report also understands that the federal police meeting started last month in Addis Ababa, however due to the conflicts and disagreement among the commanders it ended up without rapport. As part of the campaign the meeting continued for the second time in BAHR DAR from February 13 to February16 and raised different issues. Some of them were like "why the people hate the government? Why the government suffers its people? Why we use lethal action to stop our people's frustration? Why should we order shoot to kill and detain our people? Why should we receive orders from higher commanders to shoot at our people? The members of the federal police asked these and other questions and gave their comments but it was learned that the meeting finished without agreement. It was reported that, after the meeting four higher commanders of the federal police disappeared and there is no clear information on their whereabouts until now
8	As the number of police officer deserting the ruling regime of EPRDF is on the rise, the regime is trying by holding intensive meetings to pressure those remaining, but have been dispersing without any agreement. According to the information received, because of the rise in the number of federal police members who deserted the ruling EPRDF regime and disappeared, those remaining are being intimidated and cornered in intensive meetings. The information further explained that these meetings of the federal police were started last month in Addis Ababa. However, because the meeting was characterized by internal conflicts and disagreements among the leaders, it disbanded without any consensus. A continuation of this took place for the second time in the city of Bahir Dar from Lekatit 13 to 16. Some of the ideas raised in the meeting were: Why do the people hate the government? Why does the government persecute the people? Why do we try to break up the people's anger by the force of arms? Why are we told to kill and arrest our people without mercy? Why do we get orders from above to shoot at our own people? Although the federal police raised these and other questions, finally, however, the meeting disbanded without agreement. Following the meeting, 4 members of the leadership of the federal police, with senior positions, have disappeared. To date, there is no clear information as to their whereabouts
10	Washington - Since the outbreak of the Zika virus last May in Brazil, around 4,000 children are reported to have been infected by Microcifali, illness that shrinks the skull size of children and exposes them to brain related cases
10	Washington - It has been reported that approximately 4000 children in Brazil are affected by so-called microcephaly, which shrinks the skull and affects the development of the brain, since the Zika virus infection last May
7	Hundreds feared dead after a boat sunk in central sea (0:02:26
7	It is reported that hundreds have died on a boat that sank in the Mediterranean (0:02:26
3	the students of Ambo university complained of shortage of water, the students expressed their opposition saying that they lack water for drinking, washing and sanitation.
3	Ambo University students: Are demonstrating for lack of water: Demonstrating students say that they lack water for drinking, bathing and for other cleaning purposes. They were dispersed by police using teargas .....
10	The clashes continued between Anuak and Nuer tribesmen in Gambella prisons, the newspaper reported, citing reliable sources
10	Citing sources, the paper further mentioned the conflict had spread to members of the two ethnic groups inside the Gambela Region's prison
10 8	There is a big concern that these clashes could spread to other members of the tribes in Gambella, and as a result many members of the Ethiopian security forces are deployed there
10 8	It has been reported that Ethiopian security forces have been deployed in large numbers to prevent last week's clashes from spreading to members of the two tribes residing in other parts of Gambela Region
10 8	According to the information in the Abaro western Shashemene village, 4 demonestrators were killed by Ag'azi forces. In kofalie also 12 were killed and above 20 others were wounded as the report from the residents of the area indicated
10 8	According to the reports, in a village called Abaro, near Shashamane, in West Arsi, 4 demonstrators were killed by the Agazi division of the army. In a place called Kofale, and in the surrounding areas, 12 people were killed and more than 20 were shot and sustained serious injuries, reports citing residents have indicated
8	On 11th of February 2008, 16 people were killed during the public protest in Shashemene,Nekemti, Ambo and Guder
8	16 people were killed in the protests that broke out in Shashamane, Nekmte, Ambo and Guder on Lekatit 11, 2008 E.C
8	Specially in February 11, 2008, people lost their life by the armed forces of the regime in Shashemene, Nekemti,Guder and surrounding areas only because they came out and demonstrated.As a result of this the people of the area were strengthened and continued to protest in the streets, but primarily the Ag'azi army, and even the members of the local police in the Oromia town of Nekemti wounded the people
8	Particularly on Lekatit 11, 2008 E.C., many people lost their lives by the ruling regime's armed militants, in Shashamane, Nekemte, Ambo, as well as Guder and its environs, simply for holding demonstrations. This has made the residents even more determined to go to the streets and continue their resistance. Meanwhile, the Agazi army, in particular, didn't even spare the police in the city of Nekemte, in Oromia Region, shooting and injuring them
8	@TedrosBahlibi # Before the ice melts, give your hands up to the Oromos with their hands up. # Victory to the masses
8	@TedrosBahlibi# Before the ice melts, surrender to those Oromo who are coming towards you with raised hands. #Victory to the Masses
8	In the city of Sebeta, more than 1000 people have been jailed: In Oromo region, in Oromia area, city of Sebeta, during the uprising...
8	It has been disclosed that about one thousand people were detained in the town of Sebeta. Disturbances and destruction that occurred in the town of Sebeta, Oromia Special Zone, in Oromia Region, property and...
1 3	Due to the severe drought in Ethiopia, the number of nationals who need support is increasing from time to time, and the world human rights agency reported its worries that the drought could take lives of many people
1 3	The number of citizens who need aid due to drought that has hit Ethiopia and the famine that followed, is increasing from time to time. The international human security office expressed fear of the possibility of mass mortality due to that
10 7 8	Rashayda armed men in Shegerab, Eastern Sudan, raided a truck escorted by UNHCR carrying 70 Eritrean migrants on Thursday, June 4. The migrants were traveling from Wedi Sherifey to Shegerab and the armed men identified 8 girls and 6 young men and took them, according to a source for Assena from the site
10 7 8	Rashaida from the eastern Sudan stopped a truck near Shegerab carrying 70 Eritreans, who were moving from Wedi Sherifey to Shegerab with the collaboration of the UNHCR, and picked out 8 girls and 6 boys and kidnapped them
8	A high ranking commander of the Ogaden Liberation Front was killed. In a clash between the Ethiopian forces and Ogaden Liberation Front A high ranking commander of the Ogaden Liberation Front
8	A senior commander of the Ogaden Liberation Front has been killed. In a fighting between the Ethiopian army and forces of the Ogaden Liberation Front, a senior commander of the Ogaden Liberation Front was...
10 8	According to the report gathered from the Gambela zone, nowadays life is insecure and lawlessness has prevailed , wide lands are being taken by the authorities of EPRDF and distributed to their fellows and foreign investors.As a result of this, to control the peoples' potential protest, the military forces Agazee, other security forces and more from the Nuer tribe of South Sudan are still killing and wounding the people
10 8	According to the information received, Gambela Region now has turned into a region where constitutional rights are not guaranteed, disorder is widespread and the region's extensive lands are selected and distributed by EPRDF officials to their foreign investor partners. Popular uprisings have been suppressed by Agazi and other security forces. At the same time, they are arming the South Sudanese Nuer and have been perpetrating killings and injuries on the people
8	After the manager of the project indicated that the land plan had been cancelled, the opposition by the Oromo people, which had been running for three weeks, is expected to cool down, sources from the country indicated
8	Following the project management's announcement to cancel the project, different sources in the country speak that the resistance which continued for more than three weeks was now likely to quiet down
8	During the Oromo people's uprising which started in November 2015, Ethiopian security forces have killed more than 400 people, Human Rights Watch reports
8	Human Rights Watch reported that Ethiopian security forces killed more than 400 individuals in the popular resistance that has raged on in Oromia Region since November 2015
8	In Ethiopia, opposition protests have continued: The opposition which started in Oromo has continued and remembrance of the deceased...
8	Protest rallies continue in Ethiopia. Protest rallies taking place in Oromia Region continued today, and memorial candle light ceremony for those who died in the protests...
10 7	Last year in February Gambela zone, locality Jikaw and Larie in 13 villages over 200 innocent people were killed and 100 others were wounded by the South Sudan Murlie tribe random attack in the area.After that the government says about 125 children were kidnaped,but the reality found from the United Nations study group reported 159 children were kidnaped and among them 68 children were missing and nobody knows where they are
10 7	It was in April last year that armed men from the Murle tribe in South Sudan crossed the border into Gambela town and invaded 13 villages of Jikaw and Lare woredas. The armed men massacred more than 200 and wounded more than 100 villagers. According to a statement from the government, 125 children were kidnapped by the armed men. But, a recent study of the UN shows that the number of kidnapped children is 159 and the whereabouts of the 68 children is not yet known
7 8	As the United Nations in its new study notified that, in Gambela zone 68 children were kidnaped by the South Sudan armed rebel groups, and still nobody knows their whereabouts
7 8	A recent study by the UN reveals that among the children kidnapped from Gambela region by armed men from South Sudan, the whereabouts of 68 children remains unknown
8	The opposition demonstrations have continued in many regions in Ethiopia: Opponents say that around 50 people were killed, in any parts of Ethiopia...
8	Opposition demonstrations that broke out in different areas of Ethiopia continued today as well. Opposition figures reported that about 50 people have died. In different areas of Ethiopia... .
4	The ancient city of Palmira-Syria: It's know the Russian supported Syrian army controls the ancient city of Palmira. The city was under the control of Daesh for about 10 months...
4	Ancient Syrian city of Palmyra: It is to be recalled that Russian backed Syrian troops captured the ancient city of Palmyra. For 10 months, the city remained in the hands of ISIS ...
8	Victims of the wanted human trafficker say that the arrested one is not him 10 June 2016, Washington, DC. Italian and English authorities said that when they arrested a human trafficker they were under pressure. When victims of the human trafficker said that the arrested was not him but rather an innocent refugee, Italian and English police were criticized. The person who participated in the mission said that the time has not come for England's National Crime Agency to answer the questions pertaining to this incident. "The National Crime Agency is confident of the way it gathers information," was the response. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for the 27-year-old Medhanie Tesfamariam who was taken from the streets of Khartoum and extradited to Italy. They said that Medhanie Tesfamariam is an innocent refugee who didn't participate in human trafficking. "I know Medhanie Yehdego Mered, I know him very well. This is not him,'' says Eritrean student Ambes Yemane, who was trafficked by Medhanie Yehdego Mered to Italy in December 2013. Ambes recalls that before going into the sea they were contained in a very small and messy place and that they were treated like cattle rather than humans. "The way they treat you is very bad. Medhanie himself had threatened me. He used to threaten us with a gun. But the photo I have seen from the Italian police is not Medhanie." Another client of Medhanie Yehdego, who didn't want his name to be mentioned since he believes Medhanie Yehdego is still working freely in Khartoum and could put his relatives there in danger, said, "The man arrested by Italian police is not the one who trafficked me. I know Medhanie Yehdego very well. I have known him since 2011. Therefore, I can identify him easily. The one arrested is not the human trafficker,'' he said. "He is very dangerous and has power; I have relatives in Sudan, and if he knows I am saying this he could take revenge on them.'' According to the information gathered from victims of the trafficker, the man called Medhanie Yehdego Mered, 35, who is a human trafficker in Sudan and is said to have been arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in Sudan as he was previously. Who is Medhanie Yehdego Mered? Nicknamed "The General," Medhanie Yehdego Mered is carrying out a multi-billion-dollar human-trafficking business. This 35-year-old Eritrean became known to the world after a boat capsized, killing all 359 refugees just by Lampedusa Island, near Italy, in late 2013. Canadian Kathrin Duhay, an attorney with regard to illegal human trafficking money, said that Medhanie could be the leader of a network of human traffickers in Africa and Europe. She explained in an interview with BBC that, "He has become strong because he has a lot of money and controls a lot of people." "As a coordinator, the money he mobilizes is understood to be in the billions." An Italian journalist called Couriere Della Siera explains that Medhanie Yehdego has been heard boasting that he has connections with Libyan leaders in Tripoli and that he has some workers in Italy as well. Medhanie had been living in Italy, and when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai, he attracted the focus of criminal investigation agencies. Later he moved to Libya, where many African refugees were passing through to take the risky journey to cross to Europe; and then to Sudan, where he was arrested and imprisoned. Kathrin Duhay: "If we can talk about human trafficking from Libya and other parts of Africa by the Mediterranean Sea, he must have connections with Daesh as well." Medhanie Yehdego Mered has not responded to these allegations
8	Victims of the smuggler who is being hunted say that the one apprehended is not him. June 10, 2016: Washington, D.C.: Italian and British authorities are facing huge pressure after reportedly catching the dangerous criminal human smuggler. When victims of the dangerous criminal said that an innocent refugee was caught instead of the dangerous criminal, Italian and British police were criticized heavily. The British crime agency, which participated in the operation, said that it is not the time to comment about the suggestions. "The National Intelligence Agency is confident about its methods of intelligence gathering," said the announcement. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for Medhanie Tesfamariam Berhe, 27, who was apprehended in the streets of Khartoum and taken to Italy. They explained that Medhanie Tesfariam is an innocent refugee who never had any hand in human smuggling. "I know Medhanie Yihdego Meried, I recognize him very well. And this is not him." said Eritrean student Anbes Yemane, 27, who was smuggled to Italy by Medhanie Yihdego Meried. Anbes remembers that they were treated like animals rather than humans in a crowded and dirty place before they set out to sea. "Their treatment is really bad. Medhanie intimidated me personally. He was threatening us with a gun. But the picture that I saw from the Italian police is not Medhanie Yihdego." Another individual, who wanted to be anonymous because he believes Medhanie Yihdego is in Khartoum working freely and that his relatives might be in danger if he identifies himself, said, "This individual caught by the Italians is not the person who smuggled me. I know Medhanie Yihdego really well, I have known him since 2011. So I don't have any problem recognizing him. The arrested individual is not the smuggler." "He is a very dangerous and a very powerful person; I have relatives in the Sudan, and if he knows that I am giving this information, he can visit revenge upon them." According to information from former victims of the smuggler, Medhanie Yihdego Meried, 35, who is allegedly the smuggler, who is the person arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in the Sudan. Who is Medhanie Yihdego Meried? Nicknamed ʼGeneralʼ, Medhanie Yihdego Meried runs a human smuggling business with a worth estimated in the billions of dollars. This 35-year-old Eritrean's name is mentioned in connection with a horrifying accident involving a boat that sank at the end of 2013 near the Italian island of Lampedusa, killing 359 refugees. A Canada-based lawyer, Kathrine Duwhay, who practices law on illegal money transfers, says that Medhanie is suspected of heading the smuggling network in Africa and Europe. In an interview with the BBC, she said, "He is dangerous because he controls a lot of people and a lot of money." "As a kingpin, it is understood that billions have been transferred through him." The Italian newspaper Corriere Della Serra explains that it has been heard that Medhanie Yihdego has connections with Libyan authorities and has employees in Italy. It has reported that Medhanie was living in Italy and that he caught the eyes of organized crime investigators when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai. After a while he moved to Libya, where many African refugees start their dangerous journey to Europe, and later on moved to Khartoum where he was arrested. Katherine Duwhay said, "If he is involved in human smuggling from Libya and other parts of Africa via the Mediterranean, he must have had connections with Daesh." Medhanie Yihdego Meried has not responded regarding these allegations
8	authorities said, Somali security forces killed armed people who carried out an attack. Yesterday, Somali security forces, killed those who carried out an attack at the Hebub Hotel in Mogadishu killing 24 people...
8	Somali security forces killed gunmen who carried out an attack, the authorities have said. Somali security forces ... those who attacked a well-known hotel in Mogadishu, killing 24 individuals ...
8	Human Rights said more than 140 people have died in the ongoing Oromo region uprising
8	Human Rights have reported that 140 people died in the protests that are taking place in Ethiopia's Oromia Region.
8	Tunisia: at least 12 persons died due to the attack that targeted the presidential security department bus. After the attack state of emergency was announced in the country hours...
8	Tunisia: 12 people have died in an attack on a presidential security bus. Following the attack, state of emergency has been declared in the country, and hours...
4 8	Libya: an explosive that exploded in a cargo truck killed 60 people
4 8	Libya: Bomb blast kills 60 people in a truck.
3	UN: Due to the drought in South Sudan thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan
3	Thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan due to the famine affecting South Sudan - the UN.
10	As the report indicated that, the festive of Eriecha in Oromia zone is celebrated every year in a high spirit,as the continuation of this in September 22/2009 the people of Bishoftu were gathered around the lake of Bora to celebrate Eriecha festival,when the authorities of the regime tried to hang the Oromo flag designed by the regime to their own benefit, the people refused and instead they demanded to hang the flag of the festival. As a result of this the security of the regime fired tear gas to control the conflict then a lot of innocent souls passed away and many others wounded
10	According to the received information, the annual Irreecha Festival is celebrated colorfully in Oromia region. This year's festival was to be celebrated on October 02/2016 and the public was gathered in Kalay Bora, Bishoftu town. The opening speech made by cadres and the hoisting of the Oromia state flag has provoked the protest. The public was angered because the cadres were trying to highjack the festival for political gains and they were hoisting the regional flag. The public wanted the flag to be replaced by another one reflecting the festival. Following the protest, security forced fired tear gas and gunshots which resulted in the death of many in a stampede
10 8	In the town of Bishoftu Oromia zone ,when the people of the area gathered to celebrate the festive of Eriecha ,they started opposing against the regime,as a result many innocent people lost their lives, lots others were wounded, the information reported
10 8	Several people were killed during anti-government protest during the annual Irreecha Festival in Bishoftu town, Oromia state
10 8	In related news,in the town of Ambo Oromia zone the people gathered to celebrate Eriecha festive started to demonstrate against the regime. In its response , the security was disturbing the town by firing guns and added as many armed forces to control the conflict by force, but the people of Holota,Adis Alem,and Ginchi blocked the roads by big rocks and didn't stop opposing against the regime.Even here, there were lots of death and wounded people, the report indicated
10 8	In a related story, anti-government protests held in Ambo town were quelled by the security forces. The protest was preceded by the stampede during the Irreecha festival. While the egime was trying to send additional force, the people set a roadblock at Holeta, Addis Alem and Ginchi towns in a bid to block their entry into the town
10 7 8	TMP- 26/03/2017 In the first week of March, human traffickers in Libya brutally killed 37 African refugees, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) reported
10 7 8	TMP - 26/03/2017 In the first week of March, illegal human traffickers have savagely killed 37 African refugees, according to the IOM - the International Organization for Migration reported
7 8	The other incident, which killed 15 other Africans, happened in the western Libya port city of Sabratha, the IOM explained, based on the report from the official Libyan news agency Observer
7 8	The other clash, which ended the lives of 15 Africans,happed in the Libyan coastal town of Sabrat, according to a press statement by the Libyan website Observer
10	Eritrea National Democratic Front (ENDF), Europe Zon
10	Democratic Front for the Liberation of Eritrea (DFLE), Europe chapter
3	Due to the drought in Ethiopia, the country is rated as the third highest receiver of donations in the world.
3	It is reported that Ethiopia holds third place with respect to the current drought, per international donor agencies' standards.
10	The number of cases reported in Addis Ababa and in regions was not specified, though
10	The announcement didn't mention the number of patients in Addis Ababa or other regions
10	"Some cases are reported in Oromia, Somali, Afar and Amhara regions. Hence, the trend is now that of spreading. All of us need to ensure that our environment is clean, our personal hygiene is maintained and make sure that our foods and drinks are safe to eat. We should also create community mobilization." Said Dr. Dabi Jim
10	"There are some patients in Oromia, Somalia, and the Afar and Amhara regions. The trend is for it to keep spreading. We should all ensure clean water and food by collectively keeping our environment clean and maintaining personal hygiene," said Dr. Dabi Jimma
4	The big effect that "Super Tuesday" (Super Tuesday) election has on the American politics. On what is known as "Super Tuesday" (Super Tuesday) competing presidential candidates...
4	The profound impact of Super Tuesday election on American politics: American presidential contenders in what is commonly referred as Super Tuesday...
4	The new president of Burkina Faso took was sworn in. For the first time in thirty years Burkina Faso elected a new president. Today Tuesday President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré was sworn in,
4	New President of Burkina Faso has been sworn in. Burkina Faso has elected a new president for the first time in thirty years. President Roch Marc Kaboré was sworn in today, Tuesday.
3	A resident of Gele Borena in Goji zone, who wanted to remain anonymous, said that during these two days there was little rainfall in the region
3	A resident of Negele-Borena in Guji zone who requested anonymity said light rain had fallen in the past two days in certain districts
3	But the highly affected areas are in Boren and Guji in Oromo region; as well as eastern Harege and Somalia regio
3	But areas that are badly hit by drought are Borena and Guji in Oromia Region, and East Hararghe in the Somali Region
10 3	It is similar in Tigray as well
10 3	It is similar in Tigray
8	France: Chases Paris attack suspects: One of the suicide attack terrorists on last Friday had a Syrian passport and in Greece last month... ...
8	France hunts Paris attack suspects: Among those who carried out suicide attacks in Paris last Friday, one had a Syrian passport and last month ... through Greece ...
8	"The uprising which started in Oromo region is becoming dangerous" said the head of communications: The uprising that started in Oromo region has escalated to a dangerous level...
8	"The unrest that erupted in Oromia Region has taken a dangerous turn," head, Office of Communications. The turmoil that started in different areas of Oromia have reached a very dangerous level....
10	The statement issued by the ministry confirmed that 3 thousand people were afflicted by the malady that causes running stomach in the Blue Nile state of Western Sudan, Sennar, Kassala and Northern Nile
10	In its statement, the Ministry confirmed that more than 3 thousand people have been infected by the diarrhea-inducing disease in eastern Sudan's Blue Nile, Sennar, Kassala, and Northern Nile
8	In Djibouti several people have died after security forces opened fire: In Djibouti security forces opened fire on a certain religious gathering , around 19 19...
8	Several people died in a gunfire opened by security forces in Djibouti. In Djibouti, the country's security forces opened fire on a religious gathering and killed about 19 ...
7	Many refugees who included Eritrean and Somalis were rescued. Yesterday, Wednesday July 20, in a boat that was loaded with illegal migrants and going to Italy...
7	Thousands of refugees, including Eritreans and Somalis were saved. Yesterday, Wednesday, July 20, a boat carrying illegal immigrants travelling from Libya to Italy....
7	We received a message from Ethiopian who were in Saudi
7	Ethiopians in Saudi Arabia: Please convey our message!
10	President Salva Kiir was admitted to an Addis Ababa hospital due to sudden illness. His health has now improved, and he is participating in the AU Summit
10	After being hospitalized in Addis Ababa with a sudden illness, President Salva Kiir's health has improved, enabling him to participate in the conference of the African Union
10	(Pictorial presentation) Zica virus epidemic worries the world
10	(picture caption) Zica virus epidemic has the world concerned.
8	Juba: an exchange of fire happened between soldiers loyal to president Silva Ker and Riek Machar.
8	Juba: gunfire exchanged between President Salva Kiir and Riek Machar loyalists.
8	According to media around the world, the Yemen crisis is worsening due to the intervention of foreign powers and Yemen militants in the war. The number of civilian casualties is rising
8	As the crisis in Yemen rages on amid intervention by foreign powers and fighting between Yemeni armed groups, the number of deaths among civilians is increasing, according to news sources in the country
10 8	The government statement indicated that the government of Yemen is bringing the destruction of Taiz town to the attention of the Security Council and the U.N. Commission on Human Rights to take practical measures to stop the destruction
10 8	In its communique, the government announced it will submit an appeal to the United Nations asking for urgent action from the Security Council and the Human Rights Council to stop the devastation being visited on Taiz city
8	President Barrack Obama said, "this week is a bitter week". President Barrack Obama, , this week due to the killing of two Black Americans by the Police, and what followed later...
8	President Barack Obama has described the current week as a "difficult week". Regarding this week's killing by police of two African Americans and the subsequent ...
10	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in attack that happened in Mogadishu
10	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey.
10	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey.
8	The report shows the protest continued at different direction and sides at its bigger scale,even though the ruling party declares that the protest is under its control. As part of the protest on June 12, 2008, the violence continued with higher involvement of the Oromo people in Wolega Horogudru particularly in Jarate district of Alibo
8	The information indicates that as the ruling regime of EPRDF claims it brought under control the resistance that erupted in all of Oromia Region, the people's unrest has continued vigorously in various ways and directions. Accordingly, the information indicated, protests continued all day on Lekatit 12, 2008 E.C. in Welega Horogudru, particularly in the town of Alibo, in Jarate district
8	The protesters in Horogudru blocked streets to other towns and make the movement of the government forces to other places very difficul
8	The people who were protesting in Horogudru went out to the streets and closed roads, making it difficult for regular government movement to other towns
4	According to the sources from Tel Aviv, the demonstration organized by justice seekers was conducted yesterday morning and called for the end of PFDJ rule in Eritrea
4	The report we received from Tel Aviv indicates that the protest, which took place in the morning hours and was organized by justice-seekers, called for ending PFDJ's monopoly on power in Eritrea
8	"the unrest in Gondar does not define the opposition of the Amhara people". Ethiopian Minister of communication affairs
8	"Gondar unrest is not an expression of the Amhara people's protest", Ethiopia's minister of Communications Affairs.
10 8	The report said the dead young man was known as Zerihun Jeregna. He died at Nekemte hospital, then his body was taken and buried in Orji Gidtu .
10 8	The information obtained indicated that the youth who died was identified as Zerihun Jirenya. He died in Nekemte hospital and his body was taken to Orjo Gidtu, where it was buried
8	Since the authorities themselves stated that they ate the money allocated for different sport activities held in the town of Adwa in central Tigrai region after one thousand three hundred (1300) sportspersons of the city explained they conducted a demonstration in opposition
8	One thousand and three hundred (1300) of the city's sportsmen last week went out on a demonstration after they found out that funds which had been allocated for various sports activities in Adwa city, in Central Tigray zone, were embezzled by the authorities
8	Those Eritrean justice seekers who came to New York after travelling more than 5-6 hours on aircraft and who drove for long hours withstood the rainy and cold weather for one day. They were applauded for being the voices of those killed, detained and abused by the criminal autocratic regime
8	The justice-seeking Eritreans drove long hours to get to New York, and some of them also flew between 5-6 hours to get there. They had to be out on their feet and deal with cold and rainy weather to get their message across. Their commitment to bring to light the victims of imprisonment, torture and killings by the criminal autocratic regime deserves great admiration
8	Upon completing a successful demonstration in New York, they chose representatives who can deliver their message to the UN office and went to the hall for discussion and refreshment
8	After successfully carrying out a peaceful demonstration in New York, the participants delegated representatives to deliver their message to the United Nations office. After that, they headed to facilities organized for their entertainment
10	The outbreak was first observed, at Barentu Referral Hospital, two weeks ago when people who had travelled from the upper Gash region were reported to be suffering from an illness that was not diagnosed easily
10	The outbreak was first diagnosed two weeks ago at the Zoba Gash Barka Referral Hospital in Barentu in patients from Lailay Gash Barka whose illnesses were not identified
10	The Monday-Tuesday markets of Upper Gash Barka were deserted as a result of the cholera outbreak and even cattle markets in small villages outside Barentu have been cordoned off to prevent the spread
10	On the market days of Monday and Tuesday in Lailay Gash, there was tight security and control of the movement of people and animals, while the livestock markets of Barentu and other smaller villages were closed due to the severe cholera outbreak
10	Already the current epidemic is said to have spread from the Upper Gash Region to the Southern Region and particularly to the area of Mai Dima, where an epidemic control Team has been dispatched
10	Because the epidemic has already spread from Lailay Gash, where it was first seen, to Zoba Debub around the area of Mai Dima, a team has been sent to the area of Mai Dima to prevent the epidemic
10	An expert at the Ministry of Health's public health section for preventing such epidemics disclosed: `there is, currently no National Emergency Response Team to prevent and control such outbreaks, we are therefore prone to such epidemics as it always takes time to pull such a team together, to both control the outbreak and treat victims'
10	In an interview conducted by us with an expert at the Ministry of Health who works in the Department for the Prevention of Communicable Diseases, he said: "Because there is no National Epidemic Emergency Response Team to prevent and control potential epidemic outbreaks in Eritrea, there is great potential for epidemic outbreaks to spread all over the country, unless a unit for their cure and prevention is formed urgently.
8	We express our deep sorrow for the death of our brother young Habtom and we condemn the injustice that was done to him. Israelis the Abyssinian land their refuge and shelter wa... http://t.co/jqcvcZOLx
8	We express our deep sadness for the death of our young Eritrean brother Habtom and we condemn the cruelty perpetrated on him. Abyssinia was a refuge and shelter for Israelites ... http://t.co/jqcvcZOLx
8	Representatives of Amhara region government have interviewed Tigrayan victims of the uprising: Since they are victims of protests and uprising those returnees and Tigray officials...
8	Representatives of the Amhara Region government spoke with residents of Tigray origin victimized during the unrest. When the victims of disturbances and confusion in the Region fled to Tigray, the Tigrayans and the Tigray officials...
10	RT @VOATigrigna: Senegal: Introduces immunization to control uterin cancer .
10	RT @VOATigrigna: Senegal introduces a vaccination campaign to prevent uterine cancer.
8	when we cross the dictatorial defense- all of us will have better and equal social life. the time since we started to fight the PFDJ regime, what we the oppressed Eritreans spent cannot be counted as easy time, and we are not few quantity-wise. However, not only we couldn't defeat the regime that is identified by its thievery, we didn't step forward with our struggle as it should. Because of that the people are not free from the mercy of the repressive regime. Bluntly these fighting people, as people is living with one leg chained, its tongue blocked. for unverifiable reasons citizens one after the other are being picked from the streets, their workplaces their residences and are being imprisoned, disappearing and some are being shot. The cruel regime that is attentively carrying out such acts as its task, because of that, it's giving lectures and screaming about development and growth, and instead of saying in passing it is a vagabond regime that shouldn't have been there to begin with, there is no ground that encourages one to sympathize with or be confused by it
8	Once we cross this fortress of dictatorship, we'll have a better socio-political life for us all. It has been a long time since we, the underprivileged Eritreans, started to openly oppose the blind policies of the Eritrean regime. We are not small numbers, either. However, not only are we not yet able to triumph over the deceptive nature of the regime, but the progress of our struggle has not gone forward as far as it should have. Consequently, our people have not yet been fully freed from the bondage of this brutal regime. Unpretentiously, this courageous population, is living with the hands tied and the mouth shut. Citizens are being taken away, one by one, from the street, from work places and from residences, to be jailed, vanished, not to be heard from again and others are executed. If a regime that has deliberately perpetrated these barbaric actions on its people blusters and makes pronouncements about development and growth, there can't be any room for confusion or sympathy for a regime of bandits which should never have existed in the first place
10 3 8	Paulos was a 24-year-old Eritrean who came to Libya through Chad from Sudan in April
10 3 8	Paulos is a 24-year-old Eritrean who started from Sudan, crossed Chad and entered Libya in April
10	When they crossed the border into Libya and were entering the city of Sabha, he said that they saw the traffickers throwing a paralyzed person out of the car
10	He said that after he and his friends crossed the Libyan border and were traveling to the town of Sbha, that he saw the smugglers threw a disabled refugee out of a vehicle, alive
10 8 3	Though Saleh managed to escape from the place he was held, soon he was found by other traffickers and held in a place called Sabratha, which is close to the sea
10 8 3	Even though Saleh escaped from his captivity, soon he was captured by other smugglers and imprisoned in Sabrata near the coast
7 8	Saleh, a 22-year-old Eritrean, said that when he reached Libya in October 2015 they took him straight to the warehouse the traffickers use in Bani Walid
7 8	Saleh, a 22-year-old Eritrean, said that after he entered Libya in October, he was immediately imprisoned in a warehouse owned by smugglers in Beni Welid
8	Colonel Kahsay Mekonen was found dead in Holland, but who is his killer it appeared in English text on Assenna website on February 3, 201
8	Colonel Kahsai Mekonnen was found killed in the Netherlands. But who killed him? An article published in English on Assenna website, on Febraury 3, 2016
8	But this is not from Eritrea
8	But, this is not from Eritrea
3	A call has been made to help deal with the Ethiopian drought before it worsens
3	An appeal has been made to combat the drought in Ethiopia before it turns into the worst devastation.
10	"If the effects of El-Nino continue, we will see rainfall in Uganda during the dry months of January and February. In other areas, El-Nino is related with heat and hot weather. But in the Horn of Africa, El-Nino is related with heavy rain." He sai
10	He also said that if El Nino gets worse in Uganda, it will rain in the dry months of January and February. In other places, El Nino is related to drought and hot temperatures. However, he said, El Nino is related to heavy rains in East Africa
8	an understanding was reached to present to court the armed members of the Murle clan who carried out an attack in the Gambella zone in Ethiopia. Those who killed 208 by crossing the border to Ethiopia.
8	Understanding reached to bring to court Murle tribe gunmen who carried out an attack in the Ethiopian region of Gambela. ... who killed 208 after crossing the border to Ethiopia ...
8	In Gondar uprising civilians have died, hotels were targeted. #Eritre
8	In the disturbances in Gondar people have died and hotels were targeted
7	Click the following link to follow the interview by Meron Estephanos the producer of the Voice of Refugees with three underage Eritrean girls who escaped from the hands of Daesh
7	Three Eritrean captives who have escaped from the hands of ISIS have been interviewed by the host of the radio show Refugee News, Meron Estefanos. To follow the interview, ... the link below.
8	Based on the information found, at the border of Amhara and Benishangul regions, Fandukan town in which the sugar factory is planted,a strong opposition had been broke out because 75% of the factory was sold to Turkey this week
8	According to a received information, the sugar factory erected at the border between Amhara and Benishangul regions and the town of Fendika were the scenes of massive public protests. The cause of this protest is the sale of 75% of Jawi Sugar Factory to Turkish investors
8	It has been explained that a strong oppositions are continuing against the ruling regime EPRDF in Jawin and surroundings areas
8	Anti-EPRDF protest has continued in Jawi and its environs
8	Somali Nigerian and Kenyan country leaders remember Kenyan soldiers who were killed in Somalia
8	(VIDEO) Leaders of Somalia, Nigeria and Kenya remember Kenyan soldiers killed in Somalia. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #Kenya #Nigeria #Somalia #VOA
10	Immunization campaign against meningitis and chickenpox in Tigray
10	Vaccination against polio and measles in Tigray
4	Today also Donald Trump is leading
4	Donald Trump is leading today as well.
1	Mosque. Historic city of Nakfa. Who bore bombardment, air strikes and missiles to survive all of it, Miniert Mosque, who foiled its enemies' strengths
1	Mosque: Historical town of Nakfa. Has withstood countless artillery, rockets, and aerial bombardment and stood defiantly. The minaret of the mosque is a symbol of fortitude and resoluteness that challenged its enemies
8	Ethiopia: in an opposition that was carried out in western Shoa in the Jubat district one youngster was dead, say his parents
8	Ethiopia: a youth has died in a protest that took place in Jubat district in Western Shoa, his parents said.
8	Ethiopia: During the uprising in East Shewa one youngster has been shot dead, his parents said, In Ethiopia Oromo region, west of Shewa, Jubet city...
8	Ethiopia: in the protests that took place in West Shewa, Jubat District, a young man was killed, according to parents of the deceased. In Ethiopia, Oromia Region, West Shoa, Jubat District, town of Shenen in...
10	Like the traditions of our elders and fathers as they say, a bad person crosses the border and gets lost so that people cannot identify him, this person, in the name of an Eritrean he was considered oppressed and offered asylum, and instead of being grateful for the asylum, in the name of charity to eradicate disease in Africa he swindled funds collected for charity and was arrested, since his lousy nature and habits cannot be hid wherever he goes, to avoid being asked to return the money he robbed on their name he is blubbering about things not done and not said to create a new country, even if he can be considered insane and ignored...what he mentioned and defamed our color and our society in his blubber has pained me like a big wound and I was forced to reply to him
10	As our elders and fathers say, a person who commits a bad deed, in order not be recognized, crosses the border and disappears. Likewise, this person, who was granted asylum as an Eritrean and as a victimized person, rather than saying `thank you', he was caught embezzling donations he collected in the name of fighting diseases in Africa. Because he cannot hide his shameful characteristics and habits wherever he goes, and to avoid accountability for the money he has stolen, he is talking nonsense and blabbering about creating a new country. One would have ignored his nonsense, but because I am deeply pained by how he has soiled the image of our society, I am compelled to respond
7	yesterday, Wednesday, Italian naval forces stated that they rescued about 500 refugees and found seven bodies.
7	Italian navy says it saved nearly 500 refugees and recovered seven bodies lase Wednesday. #Migration #Italy #VOATigrigna
8	"In Oromo region, even children were killed by gunshot" Oromo residents and congress: In many parts of the Oromo region during the last two weeks...
8	"In Oromia Region, even children are shot and killed". The Oromo Federal Congress and residents, in different Zones of Oromia in the past two weeks ...
10 8	In Gondar and Debalk uprising 16 people were killed, another 16 were wounded: in the cities of Gondar and Debalko from 5 July up to 7 July 2008 by...
10 8	16 persons died and 16 others injured in the disturbances that took place in the towns of Gonder and Debark. In the towns of Gonder and Debark, from 5-7 Hamle 2008 E.C. ...
7	yesterday the Italian Naval forces rescued 1800 refugees, yesterday the first of August alone, the Italian naval forces reported is rescued 1800 refugees who were on their way to Sothern Italy
7	Italian coast guard rescued more than 1800 refugees yesterday. The Italian coast guard yesterday, August first, alone rescued 1800 refugees who were headed to Southern Italy, it has...
7	Yesterday the Italian naval forces reported it rescued 1800 refugees
7	Italian coast guard stated it rescued more than 1800 refugees.
7	(Video) two Eritreans who survived the incident at the Mediterranean Sea that was called "the worst" accident, say the following about the situation...
7	(video) Two Eritreans who survived a disaster in the Mediterranean Sea that was described as the `worst' say the following.
3	UNCEF has called on the international body to pay attention to the drought in Ethiopia: In Ethiopia, due to the shortage of food caused by El Nino... ...
3	UNICEF has appealed to the international community to give attention to the drought and famine affecting Ethiopia. In Ethiopia due to change in climate and El Nino, prevailing shortage...
10	> the incident of cholera and chikungunya that was witnessed in Kenya overwhelms the health services of the country.
10	The outbreak of cholera and chikungunya in Kenya overwhelms the country's health services.
10	the incident of cholera and chikungunya that was witnessed in Kenya overwhelms the health services of the country. Based on the information from Doctors Without Borders, what is considered the first incident of the disease...
10	The outbreak of cholera and chikungunya in Kenya overwhelms the country's health services. According to information from `Doctors without Borders', what's considered to be the first appearance of ...
7	Yesterday, Thursday, about 388 refugees were rescued from the accident they faced at the Mediterranean Sea and arrived at Italy...
7	(video) Last Thursday, around 388 refugees arrived in Italy after surviving an accident in the Mediterranean Sea.
7	around 388 refugees were rescued from the accident they faced at the Mediterranean Sea and arrived at the port of Cagliari, Italy. Yesterday, Thursday, about 388 refugees from the Mediterranean Sea...
7	Around 388 refugees who survived a disaster in the Mediterranean Sea have arrived in Cagliari, Italy. Last Thursday, around 388 refugees, ... from the Mediterranean Sea ...
8	Iraqis remembered the 142 people who died in last Sunday's attack.
8	Iraqis remember the 142 persons who died in last Sunday's attack
8	A wide popular opposition was carried out in Kenya in opposition of the lawyer who disappeared after the killing of last week,
8	A large demonstration took place in Kenya to protest the killing of a lawyer who had disappeared last week.
8	The Oromia region is experiencing months of protest related to land and human affairs
8	The regional state of Oromia has seen opposition against the government's land administration and human rights for months
8	Athlete Feyissa Lelissa shall not return home believing the word of the government, his family said The government of Ethiopia promised that Athlete Feyissa Lelissa won't face any problem if he returns to Ethiopia despite his gesture of opposition against the government when he finished second place in the Olympic marathon race. His family warned that he shouldn't rely on the statement of the government and return to his country. Athlete Feyissa Lelissa made an arm gesture making a cross sign to express his solidarity with the Oromo people at the finish line and won the silver medal in men's marathon. The Oromia region is experiencing months of protest related to land and human affairs. Athlete Feyissa Lelissa stated that he can't return back to his country for fear of reprisal attack by the government after he made a gesture of protest after the race. His mom, Beritu Fulasa supports his decision. She said "he shouldn't believe what the government says. I don't trust them. He should stay where he is now. I would be happy to see him return, but I can do nothing. Yesterday, I cried so much. Now, I am okay. I want him to stay there. I wish him all the best." Human rights groups report the death of 400 protesters in the hands of security forces in an ongoing protest over the master plan that incorporates some part of Oromia into Addis Ababa. Despite the halting of implementation of the plan, the protest grew into human rights and call for the release of prisoners. Iftu Mulisa, wife of Athlete Feyissa Lelissa, said that the entire family is in a state of uneasiness. She said that the gesture of her husband, Athlete Feyissa Lelissa, to express his solidarity with the people of Oromo didn't surprise her. She recalls that her husband, Athlete Feyissa Lelissa, used to feel sorrow when he sees the beating, imprisonment and killing of people. "At first, I was afraid but not surprised. I know the reason. He used to feel anger internally when he sees the beating, imprisonment and killing on social media. His decision didn't come as a surprise to me because his inside was filled with rage." The government challenges the number of protesters killed. The government claims that the protesters are unlawful and sponsored by opposition groups based in abroad. Soko Feyissa, the daughter of Athlete Feyissa Lelissa, is seen wearing the gold medal awarded to her father at the Tokyo marathon. She said that she missed her dad and doesn't know his whereabouts. Ethiopia's Olympic team returned to Addis Ababa winning one gold, two silver and five bronze medals
8	Athlete Feyisa Lilesa shouldn't trust the government's announcement and return home, warned his family. A few days after athlete Feyisa Lilesa won second place in the marathon at the Olympics and showed hand gestures of the opposition, the government announced that he wouldn't have any problems if he returned to his country, but athlete Feyisa Lilesa's family warned that he shouldn't return trust the government's announcement and return. Athlete Feyisa Lilesa stretched his hands and crossed them upwards and showed the hand gesture of the Oromo people's opposition after finishing second at the finishing line of the marathon at the Olympics in Rio and was awarded the silver medal. The regional state of Oromia has seen opposition against the government's land administration and human rights for months. Athlete Feyisa Lilesa stated that he is afraid measures will be taken against him for showing the gesture. His mother, Biritu Fulasa, also supports his decision. She said, "Can the government be trusted about what it said? I don't trust it. He should stay where he is. I would be happy if he returned but what can I do? I cried a lot yesterday. But I am okay now. I want him to stay where he is. and I wish him the best," she said. Last June, human rights advocates announced that at least 400 people were killed by security forces while taking part in the demonstrations against the plan to cede parts of the Oromia regional state to Addis Ababa. Although the plan was stopped immediately, the demonstrations escalated into the issue of rights and calling for the release of prisoners. The wife of athlete Feyisa Lilesa, Iftu Melisa, explained that her family is in danger. She stated that she is not surprised by her husband, athlete Feyisa Lilesa, showing gestures of the Oromo struggle. She explained that her husband, athlete Feyisa Lilesa, was very sad when he saw people being beaten, imprisoned and killed. "At first I was scared but I wasn't surprised. because I know him. He was really sad because he was watching the beatings, imprisonments and killings on social media. That is why I wasn't surprised at all, because he was sad," said Iftu Melisa. The government says that the number of those killed is not correct. The demonstrations were conducted illegally and orchestrated by opposition groups in the Diaspora, said the government. Soko Feyisa, daughter of athlete Feyisa Lilesa, was seen wearing around her neck her father's gold medal that he won in the Tokyo marathon. She said that she misses her father and wants to know where he is. The Ethiopian Olympic Team returned to Addis Ababa on a Tuesday in August, with one gold, two silver and five copper medals
8	Based on this, in the last week, on December 22[nd] and 23[rd] around 25 the community of Oromo nationals in Nairobi explained the Ethiopians were transferred and handed over to the Ethiopian government through Moyalle, in addition around 41 citizens are under the control of Kenyan police, and there is fear that Kenyan government will expose and handed them over to the government has become an issue of concern, the community of Oromo nationals gave an additional explanation
8	Consequently, approximately 25 Ethiopians were transferred on Tahsas 22 and 23, 2008 E.C. from Kenya to the Ethiopian government via Moyale, Oromo nationals from Nairobi have reported. Moreover, members of the Oromo community stated that there is concern that about 41 citizens who are in Kenyan police custody could also be handed over by the Kenyan government to the Ethiopian government
10	Cholera: Medrek's reporter in Asmara stated that from 6 to 9 October alone, three people lost their lives in the Adi Abeito prison.
10	Cholera Disease: In October 6-9 alone, cholera, has taken the lives of 3 persons at Adi Abeito prison, according to Voice of Medrek reporter from Asmara.
8	Human rights watch (H.R.W.) reported over that 140 innocent people were killed in the public demonstration that started in opposition of the announcement that stated the joining of the city of Addis Ababa with its surrounding towns that are located in special Oromia region
8	Human Rights Watch (HRW) reported that more than 140 civilians were killed in the popular uprising following the proclamation issued with respect to connecting Addis Ababa city with towns located in its environs in the special zone of Oromia Region
8	Human rights watch (H.R.W.) reported over that 140 innocent people were killed in the public demonstration that started in opposition of the announcement that stated the joining of the city of Addis Ababa with its surrounding towns that are located in special Oromia region. In a statement it issued on December 29, 2008 AD the international defender of human rights, Human Rights Watch, said, in the repeated popular opposition that followed the announcement that called for the towns that are located in special Oromia region surrounding the city of Addis Ababa to be joined with it, the number of innocent citizens killed by the occupation EPRDF forces has reached over 140. The international organization added, the popular opposition was not carried out only in different universities and secondary schools but also in remote village and since it was joined even by farmers, after explaining there are more than the mentioned numbers who lost their lives, the 140 mentioned is the correct number of people killed by security forces, the statement explained it is a true representation and evidence supported by pictures
8	Human Rights Watch (HRW) reported that more than 140 civilians were killed in the popular uprising following the proclamation issued with respect to connecting Addis Ababa city with towns located in its environs in the special zone of Oromia Region. In a statement issued on Tahsas 29, 2008 E.C., the international human rights advocacy organization Human Rights Watch stated that the number of Ethiopian citizens killed by the ruling EPRDF regime armed militants in a series of protests that followed the proclamation to connect the development of Addis Ababa with the surrounding towns in Oromia Region's special zone has reached more than 140. The international organization further stated that the popular resistance had taken place not only in universities and high schools, but among farmers in remote rural areas as well. Hence, the real number of persons who lost their lives could be higher, but 140 is the number of those killed by the security forces and verified through photographic evidence
3	RT @tarzaneri: Aid agencies have warned that the drought in Ethiopia could escalate to famine.
3	RT @tarzaneri: Aid organizations have warned that the drought affecting Ethiopia could turn into a severe famine.
10 1 8	He further added that in West Gojam and Hawi zone, Dangla town, protesters burned down five houses including that of a city official
10 1 8	Similarly, in Woreda Dangila in the Hawi zone of western Gojjam five residential houses, including officials' houses, were burned down by people, as described by Mulugeta
10 8	In Chagni town of Hawi zone, security forced fired at protesters and killed two persons, wounded eight
10 8	He also described how, in the town of Chagni of Hawi zone, two people also died and eight were injured after security forces fired to disperse protesters
8	He said "The security head or militia officer gave a command from Kosober for forceful actions. The protesters received this information and they went to his house believing that he gave that specific command. They found his son at home and killed him, according to my informants.
8	He said, "I have received information that because the head of the security militia of that sector, in Kosober, ordered the use of force, the people received this information and knew that he ordered the use of force and while they were going to his house in search of him, they found his son and killed him.
8	In the town of Enjibara as well, two protesters and the son of a security official were killed, according to Mr. Mulugeta
8	Mulugeta also said that in the town of Enjibara three people, two protesters and a son of a security officer, were killed last Sunday
8	The spokesman for the Amhara Regional State confirmed that there were instances of stay-at-home protests and violence in Bahir Dar town and neighboring zones
8	An Amhara state government spokesperson has described work protests and troubles in Bahirdar and other cities and neighboring regions
8	28 people were killed in Amhara region and 17 people in Oromia region within the past seven days, said AEUP
8	AEUP announced that 28 people in the Amhara region and 17 in the Oromia region have died in the past seven days
10 8	He said the following regarding what happened in the town of Simada
10 8	He described the incident in the town of Simada in this way
8	In the Wegera woreda of south Gondar zone, demonstrators clashed with security forces while trying to force their way into the town. Fire exchange broke out and four members of the security force and three farmers, totally seven people were killed, according to Mr. Mulugeta
8	In Woreda Wegera of southern Gondar, four security officers and three farmers died after a shoot-out that started when demonstrators who tried to get into the town were stopped by the security forces
8	Leita Taylor, senior supervisor of terrorism and anti-terrorism conditions at Human Rights Watch, said, "The world is more focused on the atrocities in Syria and Iraq, but Daesh in Libya has committed mass murders and is getting away with it.
8	The Human Rights Watch head of observing terrorism and counter-terrorism, Letta Taylor, said, "The world's focus is on the atrocities committed in Syria and Iraq, while Daesh is killing freely in Libya.
8	Martyr's Square, which is located in the heart of Sirte, has became a place of massacre - including hanging, slaughtering, as well as different measures carried out without trial - for many that they say have committed crimes
8	The so-called Martyr's Square at the center of the city has been turned into a stage where unlawful killings, including beheadings for alleged crimes of character, take place
4	This report was released a few days after the U.S. and its Western allies had backed the new government of Libya, which was endorsed by the U.N. and promised military aid to be able to destroy Daesh
4	This report was released few days after America and other Western governments expressed their support for the new UN-backed Libyan government and promised to provide it with weapons in its fight against Daesh
8	The Daesh group is affiliated with ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The group is now deeply rooted in the country where Muammar Gaddafi was ousted and killed in 2011 and which has benefited from the situation, which is favorable to terrorists
8	This armed branch of Daesh took hold in an environment suitable for terrorists created by the anarchy after the deposing and killing of Muamar Gaddafi in 2011, and is a branch of the larger group in Iraq and Syria
10	According to the reports, while cholera is attacking citizens in many parts of Gash-Barka Zone, the Ministry of Health in Gash Barka Zone is giving training to the residents of Barentu in communicable disease control
10	As cholera is reported to be infecting people in many parts of Gash Barka Region, the Ministry of Health's branch in Gash Barka conducted training for Barentu residents on the prevention of communicable diseases
10	The 80-year-old Patriarch Dioskoros had been elected by the government in contravention of the rules of the Orthodox Church. Although the Patriarch had been sick since his nomination, he was seriously ill over the last three years and had been hospitalized in Sudan and Eritrea
10	80-years-old Abune Dioskoros, who was appointed by the government in contravention of the beliefs and laws of the Orthodox Tewahdo Church, had been sick ever since he was appointed as Patriarch. However, in the last 3 years, he became seriously ill and suffered from partial paralysis because of a stroke, for which he was receiving treatment both in Sudan and Eritrea
10	The government-elected 4[th] Eritrean Orthodox Church Patriarch Dioskoros died today, on February 21, according to Radio Erena sources from Asmara
10	Government-appointed 4[th] Patriarch of the Orthodox Tewahdo Church of Eritrea, Abune Dioskoros, died today, December 21[st], Radio Erena sources in Asmara have confirmed
4	In January 06, 2008, opponent's pamphlets were distributed in the city of Hawasa during the night.It was specifically posted on the walls of government buildings, police stations, military camps and schools
4	On Tirri 26, 2008 E.C., protest leaflets were distributed by night in the city of Hawassa. They were especially put in government offices, police stations, military camps and schools
10 8	In a shooting in Kenya 2 were killed and 3 wounded: Kenyan soldiers today shot at a car travelling to Mandera and killed 2 people... ...
10 8	2 died and 3 others injured in a shootout in Kenya: Kenyan troops opened fire on a vehicle that was moving near Mandera and killed two persons.
8	Iraqi army controlled the city of Ramadi; Iraqi army contingents, Sunni led fighters and mostly Shia police brigades have freed Ramadi city from...
8	Iraqi troops took control of the town of Ramadi: Units of the Iraqi forces, Sunni-led fighters and a majority-Shia police brigade have ...central Ramadi from fighters of ...
8 3	Caused by the cruel governance that is ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women who escape the system and head to be refugees, barely surviving the shoot to kill policy but fell in the hands of the PFDJ soldiers, beyond the miserable prisons that doesn't have water and food, victims who didn't want to disclose their names stated they are forced to cook food for the soldiers
8 3	Due to the brutal administration of the regime ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women try to escape the regime and decide to migrate. Some victims who asked to remain anonymous said that, even when they narrowly escape the regime's policy of shoot to kill at the border, and fall in the hands of PFDJ soldiers, they face, in addition to brutal prison conditions with meagre food and water, a life of toil preparing food for the military
8	In the Gondar unrest, people died and hotels became targets. Due to the clash that erupted in Gondar starting yesterday, properties were damaged and lives lost, representative...
8	Individuals die in Gondar and hotels targeted. In clashes that began in the city of Gondar yesterday, property has been destroyed and lives lost, correspondent ...
8	The report sent from our source indicates,the leadership of OPDO in Oromia region district of Arsi Negele detained several officers such as Mr. Alemu Deguma administration of the district, Mr. Melki Tolosa chairperson of locality 02, Mr. Aschale Gedesa member of OPDO by accusing of theirinvolvement to the ongoing violence, They disappeared since they were taken from their home on February 23, 2008. Their relatives provided petitions to the government officials but they did not get any response yet
8	According to information from our sources, the OPDO leadership in Arsi-Negele District of Oromia Region, on Lekatit 23, 2008 E.C. arrested without reasonable cause officials they suspected of complicity with the popular uprising, including: Mr. Alemu Deguma, former Chief Administrator of the District, Mr. Melki Tolosa, former chairman of Kebele 02, and Mr. Aschalew Digsa, former OPDO member. They were all picked up at night from their residences, and have not been seen or heard from since. Their families have repeatedly asked the concerned government officials about their whereabouts, but no one has given them any reply, according to news we received
8	According to the information from the sources in the spot, the process of recruitment for food aid in Amhara region south Wollo,district of Borrona has bribery, familial and corruption. As a result last week at night, a man named Yassin Tessema was killed at his home, for he accused the chairperson of the locality mister Hassen Muhedin for the repeated mistakes over the people and why he dropped him from the food aid list while he has nothing to eat but others better than him were included
8	According to sources from the area, in Amhara Region, South Wollo Zone, Borena District, in the process of registration for allocating emergency aid, it is suspected that favoritism and discrimination has been practiced, of which, the chairman of the Kebele Mr. Hassen Muhdin was alleged to be responsible. In response to these repeated allegations of favoritism and discriminatory practices, last week, by night around 4 o'clock an individual named Yasin Tesema entered into the Kebele chairman's house and told him that, "while I don't have anything to eat, you registered someone better than I am' and shot and killed him, according to sources
8	Chairperson of a local administration has been killed, in relation to the biased food aid distribution process in Amhara region, south Wollo, district of Borrona. According to the information from the sources in the spot, the process of recruitment for food aid in Amhara region south Wollo,district of Borrona has bribery, familial and corruption. As a result last week at night, a man named Yassin Tessema was killed at his home, for he accused the chairperson of the locality mister Hassen Muhedin for the repeated mistakes over the people and why he dropped him from the food aid list while he has nothing to eat but others better than him were included. Due to the current drought, the strike in our country, the killing caused by it and the biased and greedy process of recruitment for food aid has not only happened in the Amhara region, but also throughout the country created by the in-justice way of administration
8	A Kebele chairman in Borena district, South Wollo Zone, in Amhara Region, has been killed for reasons related to favoritism in the process of allocating emergency aid. According to sources from the area, in Amhara Region, South Wollo Zone, Borena District, in the process of registration for allocating emergency aid, it is suspected that favoritism and discrimination has been practiced, of which, the chairman of the Kebele Mr. Hassen Muhdin was alleged to be responsible. In response to these repeated allegations of favoritism and discriminatory practices, last week, by night around 4 o'clock an individual named Yasin Tesema entered into the Kebele chairman's house and told him that, "while I don't have anything to eat, you registered someone better than I am' and shot and killed him, according to sources. Due to the drought that is prevalent in our country, in the process of registration for allocating emergency aid, it is suspected that discrimination is practiced. This unfair practice, is leading to killings, which is taking place not only in Amhara Region but in all the country. This is an unjust practice which is causing death, according to sources from different parts of the country
10 8	Mass killings in California: 14 persons were killed and 17 wounded due to the attack unleashed on individuals in San Diego California
10 8	Mass shooting in California, America: 14 people have been killed and 17 injured in a mass shooting in San Bernardino in the US state of California. The commander ...
8	A news in Italy of 07/06/16 shows that an Eritrean involved in the smuggling of migrants was arrested in Sudan and brought to Rome
8	According to the Italian news on June 7, 2016, it was reported that an Eritrean who was involved in such activities was caught in the Sudan and brought to Rome
7	Human beings worldwide grief so much by the shocking news of death at the Mediterranean Sea let alone your countrymen
7	While the whole world is mourning the horrific death of humans, there is not a single person which is not touched by a horrific accident involving any creature, let alone citizens of your own country
8	Earlier the EPRDF had faced protest in the western Welega of the Mendi city while they were celebrating 26[th]year of its birthday
8	It has been reported that as it celebrated its 25th anniversary in recent weeks in the town of Mendi, in Western Wellega, OPDO faced opposition from the residents
10	In Angola, a campaign is underway against the contagious disease that killed at least six Eritreans
10	Campaign against infectious disease that has killed at least six Eritreans in Angol
8	Accordingly, as the protest continued on the same date, at eastern Harargie Adama University, large number of police broke into the University compound, and even though they tried to demolish the opposition by using gunfire and tear gases, they were unable said one student from the university who didn't want to mention his name
8	Moreover, a large number of the police broke into the premises of Adama University, located in East Hararge, and tried to disperse the protests with gunshots and tear gas, but were unsuccessful, a student of the university who wished to remain anonymous has stated
10 8	5 people were killed and 6 wounded in the Dallas shooting incident. According to Dallas police in formation, 3 people who were suspected of involvement in the incident are under the control...
10 8	5 killed and 6 injured in a shooting among the police in Dallas city. According to information from Dallas police, 3 persons suspected of connection to the incident ... in custody ...
8	In Oromo, Maeso, a youngster who participated in the uprising was shot dead, residents said:
8	Residents say that a young man suspected of taking part in a demonstration in Mieso, Oromia, was killed by the Special Police Force.
8	In Oromo, Maeso, a youngster who participated in the uprising was shot dead, said residents: In Oromo, an uprising which started two months ago...
8	Residents say that a young man suspected of participating in demonstrations that took place in in Mieso, Oromia, was killed by the Special Police Force. Resistance that started two months ago in Oromia Region, today as well...
8	To inform the people about the crimes against humanity committed by the autocratic regime in Eritrea (forced labor, sexual abuse, imprisonment without crime, extrajudicial killing) as well as the illegal activities of Eritrea's consul in Geneva
8	Regarding the authoritarian regime and the crimes systematically committed by effectively violating human rights (forced labor, sexual slavery, arbitrary arrest, sentencing without due process). Unlawful acts of the council or legal representatives of the Eritrean government
10	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey. The administrator of Istanbul in the Istanbul airport...
10	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey. The mayor of Istanbul, at Istanbul airport ...
10	After losing his wife while giving birth to a premature baby in Libya, the young man crossed the Mediterranean Sea towards Italy carrying his nine months old daughter. He told the voice of Assena that he is receiving medication in the city of Torino because of his illness added with the difficulty of raising a baby
10	An Eritrean man who lost his wife from blood loss during a premature birth in Libya after being locked in a Libyan prison, and who then crossed over the deadliest route to Italy via the Mediterranean, is now seeking medical attention in Torino. In his interview with Assena, he talked about how he is dealing with a medical issue, coupled with his responsibility to raise his daughter
10 8	United Nations states that millions of Yemeni children are exposed to crime, disease and exclusion. UNICEF says, the continuous Saudi aerial bombardment of cities and government forces and oppo...
10 8	The UN children's organization says that millions of children are exposed to crime, diseases and isolation. Continued aerial bombardment by Saudi Arabia in towns ... government forces and opposition....
10 8	Eye witnesses explained there are wounded in the shooting that the soldiers opened on the farmers in the surroundings of Haramaya University
10 8	Injuries occur as soldiers open fire on farmers near Haramaya University, eyewitnesses have stated.
8	President Putin said Assad is not responsible for the war in Syria: "the death that came to the peaceful people in Syria is caused by guerilla fighters and foreigners and their supports but not b...
8	Assad is not responsible for the war in Syria, President Putin said. The casualties suffered by civilians in Syria are caused by the insurgents not by ...
8	It is said that the South Sudanese armed groups have no link with the government or opposition groups
8	Neither the government nor the opposition forces are said to have had a hand in the attack that took place in Gambela Region by armed elements from South Sudan
10	As sources of Eritrean United Democratic Front confirm, Cholera disease was witnessed in many villages in Norther Red Sea and Gash Barka regions of Eritrea as was confirmed by the people and their demonstrators
10	Eritrean United Democratic Front's sources confirm that the public as well as authorities in Eritrea have been reporting the appearance of cholera in many villages in the Northern Red Sea and Gash-Barka regions
8	Students of high schools and other schools in Oromia region are staging protests against the Addis Ababa Master plan
8	Students from high schools and higher education institutions in Oromia region are holding demonstrations against the Addis Ababa masterpla
8	Meanwhile, protests are still underway today, Tuesday, in Woliso, West Arsi, Horo Gudru Wollega and Jeldu West Shewa, according to residents who wish to remain anonymous for security reason
8	Meanwhile, today Tuesday, there were protests in Woliso, western Arsi, Hora Gudru, Wolega and Jeldu, westers Shoa, described residents who remained anonymous for fear of their security
10 8	Ramya, a 22-year-old Eritrean, was raped multiple times by the traffickers who kept her locked up in the northeastern Libyan city of Adjabiya
10 8	When she arrived in Libya on March 2015, a 22-year-old Ramiya from Eritrea said that she was repeatedly raped by her captors, who held her in the northeastern Libyan town of Ajdabia
10	Depending the information of inhabitants of the town of Humera, due to heavy rain the area has created swamps, and if government does not help with mosquito net aid in short time the transmission of malaria could highly be accelerated
10	According to residents of Setit Humera town, the heavy rain in the area has caused sludge and if the government doesn't supply mosquito net within a short time, there is a potential for malaria outbreak
8	The Oromo ethnic soldiers in different regiment of western corps who participate in the meeting conducted for Sergeant and above ranks on June 18, 2008, protest against the killing and detaining of innocent Oromo's by the government.And claim to halt the military role.As a result 1 corporal named Kedir from Balie committed suicide and another Oromo soldier disappear after the meeting
8	Oromo soldiers in the Western Command, , held on Lekatit 18, 2008 E.C. a meeting of members above the rank of sergeant in each regiment. In opposition to the government actions of arresting and killing members of the Oromo people, they said they will not continue as soldiers. While a corporal from Balie named Kedi committed suicide, others who were of Oromo origin were taken away from their regiments, after the meeting, and have not been heard from since, per information we received
8	Due to the public unrest, the Oromo ethnic group soldiers in the western corps threaten to abandon their military role to show their solidarity to the demonstrators The Oromo ethnic soldiers in different regiment of western corps who participate in the meeting conducted for Sergeant and above ranks on June 18, 2008, protest against the killing and detaining of innocent Oromo's by the government.And claim to halt the military role.As a result 1 corporal named Kedir from Balie committed suicide and another Oromo soldier disappear after the meeting. The report told soldiers of western corps are engaged in intensive meetings. The soldiers who oppose the killing and detaining of the innocent people are accused for participating in the aggression of the people and forced them to blame themselves
8	It has been reported that Oromo soldiers in the Western Command have decided to leave the military in support of the popular uprising. Oromo soldiers in the Western Command, , held on Lekatit 18, 2008 E.C. a meeting of members above the rank of sergeant in each regiment. In opposition to the government actions of arresting and killing members of the Oromo people, they said they will not continue as soldiers. While a corporal from Balie named Kedi committed suicide, others who were of Oromo origin were taken away from their regiments, after the meeting, and have not been heard from since, per information we received. At this moment, the soldiers in the Command are having a tense meeting, according to information we received. The soldiers who opposed the killing of innocent people by the ruling regime, are being pressured to admit their complicity in the popular uprising. It has been reported that they are being forced to undergo self-criticism
10 3	It was reported that money collected by the people to alleviate water shortage in in the South Ambalaje district was embezzled by the administrators
10 3	Money collected from the public to alleviate drinking water problems in Ambalaje district in the Southern Zone was embezzled by the administration
3	The report that explained the money that amount to hundreds of thousands that the residents collected to solve the water shortage problems, particularly the residents of Bet Mara who presented a complaint through their representatives for their money to be returned to them, they were threatened and chased them saying "you are supporters of the opposition organizations"
3	The money, in the hundreds of thousands, that these residents contributed to solve the water problem was misappropriated by the administration of the district, the information has indicated. Residents of Bet Mara, in particular, asked, through their representative, for their money to be back, but the authorities intimidated them and sent them away, saying: "you are supporters of opposition organizations.
8	Kenya: a policeman killed six of his co-workers police in a police station. In Western Kenya, a policeman in a police station, killed six co-worker police...
8	Kenya: A policeman kills six of his colleagues in a police station. In a police station in western Kenya, a policeman ... six of his colleagues.
8	May 25 the day when Eritrean refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, and a day in which independence celebration was held, day 1, before two (2) weeks we Eritreans inside the country and outside spent the day remembering the heroic martyrs, and the blood they paid, and the day the country was liberated
8	May 25th, a day in which Eritrean refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, and Independence day was celebrated. Day 1, two (2) weeks ago, we, Eritreans at home and abroad, observed the day the country was liberated, remembering the brave martyrs and the blood they sacrificed
8	Press Release May 25 the day when Eritrean refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, and a day in which independence celebration was held, day 1, before two (2) weeks we Eritreans inside the country and outside spent the day remembering the heroic martyrs, and the blood they paid, and the day the country was liberated. Our country Eritrea became independent from foreign occupation on May 24, 1991. The whole Eritrean people all over the world celebrated the day. But the manner of the celebration is different. Most Eritreans in sadness and lamentations, remembering the heroes who passed away to bring independence, and the destruction that followed independence, and remembering the loss that is continuing inside the country particularly the shocking and embarrassing interrogation and killings that is happening inside prisons, also our innocent Eritrean brethren who are being lost in forests and deserts of Sinai and the selling of our citizens (Human Trafficking), and also the perishing that is happening in the merciless Mediterranean and Red Sea, the day was passed in remembrance celebrations and prayers But the main message was Enough Perishing; let's solve our problem to guarantee peace, let's dialogue and uproot the enemy of our country from the roots. Our meetings were passed remembering the more than 300 Eritreans who perished in the sea of Lampedusa
8	Press release May 25th, a day in which Eritrean refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, and Independence day was celebrated. Day 1, two (2) weeks ago, we, Eritreans at home and abroad, observed the day the country was liberated, remembering the brave martyrs and the blood they sacrificed. Our country, Eritrea, was liberated from foreign colonization on May 24, 1991. It was celebrated by the Eritrean people all over the world. However, the way it was celebrated varies. Most Eritreans celebrated it by remembering in grief and praying for those heroes who passed away to bring Independence; by remembering the devastation that came after Independence and the continuing cataclysm, the heinous and reprehensible interrogations and killings inside the country, particularly in prison camps; remembering our innocent Eritrean brothers, victims of human trafficking, who are losing their lives in the deserts of the Sahara and Sinai, and the death that has been taking place in the merciless waters of the Mediterranean and the Red Sea. Its main message, however, was enough of our death; to ensure peace, to solve our problems, let's dialogue and erase our enemy. Our meetings proceeded by remembering the more than 300 Eritreans who died in the sea on Lampedusa
8	An uprising has been going on in many parts Oromo region ...
8	Resistance has been going on in different towns of Oromia Region for the past several days. In demonstrations that took place last week in the town of Ginchi in East Shewa Zone, 70 people were detained and many others were beaten...
4	Rick Machar the leader of the opposition of South Sudan was sworn in. Rick Machar the South Sudan opposition leader who arrived in Juba on Tuesday, vice president of the...
4	The leader of South Sudan's opposition, Riek Machar, has been sworn in. South Sudanese opposition leader, Reik Machar, who arrived in Juba on Tuesday, ... vice president of ...
8	America condemns the uprising in Djibouti: America condemned the recent uprising in Djibouti. Called for the release of arrested opposition leaders. Security...
8	The US condemned the unrest that erupted in Djibouti. The US condemned the unsettling events that took place this week in Djibouti. It called for the release of detained opposition leaders. Security ...
8	As the information we received indicates, because of the new masterplan announcement that the occupational EPRDF regime issued to join the city of Addis Ababa with and the towns located in the special area of the Oromia region surrounding Addis Ababa with the pretext of development, the people have risen in opposition and following that the regime dispatched thousands of armed forceswho blindly killed imprisoned and beat up innocent citizens and though it tried to forcefully calm the unrest, it was learned the unrest is continuing
8	It is to be recalled that protests erupted in various towns and villages of Oromia Region against the ruling EPRDF regime's master plan proclamation issued with the pretext of connecting the development of Addis Ababa city with towns located in the surrounding special zone in the Oromia Region. The regime deployed thousands of armed troops and tried to subdue the protests by inflicting, without mercy, death, imprisonment and beatings on civilians, but the resistance is still ongoing
10	On this basis also on December 21, 2008 AD, when the students of Haremaya university expressed their opposition in a peaceful way the federal police entered into the university compound and took steps and killed three students, and others in trying to escape the steps taken by the federal police jumped from a three storey building and were seriously injured, and it was learned that about 40 were badly injured by the federal police
10	Consequently, on Tahsas 21, 2008 E.C., as Haramaya University students expressed their resistance in a peaceful way, the Federal police entered the university's compound and killed three students. Three others, in an attempt to escape from the Federal police, jumped from a three-story building, sustaining serious injuries, while nearly 40 others were seriously hurt by the Federal police
8	It was learned that following the students' opposition that started at the Haremaya university the federal police entered the compound and beat up the students with their gun butts and sticks and caused injuries to them. As the information we received indicates, because of the new masterplan announcement that the occupational EPRDF regime issued to join the city of Addis Ababa with and the towns located in the special area of the Oromia region surrounding Addis Ababa with the pretext of development, the people have risen in opposition and following that the regime dispatched thousands of armed forceswho blindly killed imprisoned and beat up innocent citizens and though it tried to forcefully calm the unrest, it was learned the unrest is continuing. On this basis also on December 21, 2008 AD, when the students of Haremaya university expressed their opposition in a peaceful way the federal police entered into the university compound and took steps and killed three students, and others in trying to escape the steps taken by the federal police jumped from a three storey building and were seriously injured, and it was learned that about 40 were badly injured by the federal police. In addition, the information indicated that the opposition that started by the Haremaya university has created instability and chaos around the university
8	Following protests by Haramaya University students, the Federal police entered the compound and beat the students with rifle butts and sticks, inflicting harm on the students. It is to be recalled that protests erupted in various towns and villages of Oromia Region against the ruling EPRDF regime's master plan proclamation issued with the pretext of connecting the development of Addis Ababa city with towns located in the surrounding special zone in the Oromia Region. The regime deployed thousands of armed troops and tried to subdue the protests by inflicting, without mercy, death, imprisonment and beatings on civilians, but the resistance is still ongoing. Consequently, on Tahsas 21, 2008 E.C., as Haramaya University students expressed their resistance in a peaceful way, the Federal police entered the university's compound and killed three students. Three others, in an attempt to escape from the Federal police, jumped from a three-story building, sustaining serious injuries, while nearly 40 others were seriously hurt by the Federal police. The information further pointed out that the protest by Haramaya University students has created instability and disturbance in the university's environs
8	The steps taken by the ruling regime didn't stop the students of the towns of Ambo and Nekemte from continuing the opposition that was ignited against the announcement of the masterplan of Addis Ababa and surrounding towns located in the Oromia region, and it was learned they are continuing it
8	Students in the cities of Ambo and Nekemte are continuing their protest of the proclamation on the master plan for Addis Ababa and surrounding zones of Oromia undeterred by the ruling regime's use of force to stop the protests
8	America called on the occupational regime of the EPRDF to release the innocent journalists and others that it has jailed with no crime. According to the information; in different times, the occupational EPRDF regime defames journalists or other writers and innocent compatriots with different names and pushes them into prisons as they practice their constitutional rights and freely write of express their views, America called for the innocent journalists and others to be released. The statement that was issued by the national security council of America on December 21, 2008 AD through its spokesperson Ned Price, America expressed its serious concern by the imprisonment steps taken by occupational EPRDF regime against journalists. Finally the information indicated, America called for the cancellation of the anti-terrorism proclamation that Ethiopia uses instead of using it to ban the voice of peaceful struggle, criticism and expression
8	The United States has called on the ruling EPRDF regime to release from detention the innocent journalists and others. According the information, the United States called on the ruling EPRDF regime to release the innocent journalists and other writers it is holding in jail under various false excuses for exercising their constitutional right of expressing their opinion freely and writing, defaming them In a statement it issued on Tahsas 21, 2008 E.C., through the spokesperson of the National Security Council, Ned Price, the US government expressed grave concern over the recent arrest of journalists by the ruling EPRDF regime. Finally, the information indicated that the US called on Ethiopia to withdraw the anti-terrorism proclamation, to avoid using it for suppressing the voice of peaceful struggle, protest, criticism and ideas
8	an interview with Dr. Abraham Amenasion and Robel Tekleab: regarding the death of Isaac Amenasion who was killed in the attack in California. Last Wednesday in the state of California in an attack..
8	Interview with doctor Abraham Amanios and Robel Tekleab: regarding the death of Isac Amanios who died the California attack. ... last Wednesday in the state of California in an ...
8	Somalia: 20 people were killed in Lido restaurant by Al Shabab attack
8	Somalia: 20 people died in Al-Shabaab attack in Lido Restaurant.
3	RT @AnonOps_Eritrea: #ኤርትራ - people in Asmara and the whole of Eritrea are suffering due to lack of drinking water.
3	RT @AnonOps_Eritrea: #Eritrea - People are suffering because of lack of drinking water in Asmara and all over Eritrea.
10	In a statement released this week, WHO indicated that one out of five newborns in Africa doesn't get basic immunization
10	According to the report, released by the WHO this week, one out of five children in Africa doesn't get basic vaccinations
10 3	People in the drought-affected Amhara region are drinking unclean water and getting infected by contagious water-borne diseases, Reuters reports
10 3	Also, in the drought-affected areas in Amhara Region, the people are drinking unclean stagnant water wherever they find it, which is exposing them to infectious diseases, The Reporter has indicated from Addis Ababa
10 3	In Ethiopia about 35,000 children have been affected by hunge
10 3	"An estimated 35 thousand children affected by starvation in Ethiopia", U
8	A statement by the state department of America regarding the situation in Ethiopia: America is worried by the clashes that happened in the Oromya zone of Ethiopia and caused the death of many demonstrators
8	Statement by US State department's statement on the situation in Ethiopia. The State Department is deeply concerned over the conflict that erupted in Ethiopia's Oromia Region and the resulting deaths of demonstrators.
4 8	Amnesty International reports of widespread human rights violations in the run up to the Ethiopian electio
4 8	Amnesty International says that human rights were extensively violated in Ethiopia before the elections
8	"Three days earlier on May 19/2015, Bekele Gerba and other members of the Oromo Federalist Congress/MEDREK were put under arrest for several hours while conducting an election campaign in Oromia Region," the statement continues
8	The report mentioned that three days before on May 19, 2015, Bekele Gerba and other members of the Oromo Federal Congress and Medrek were detained for hours by security forces while campaigning in the regional state of Oromia
8	The statement states that in the month of March, three armed security officers have severely beaten Hiluf Kahsay, a member of the Arena-MEDREK party in Tigray. He has been receiving verbal warnings from security officers either to leave the party or to prepare for the consequences
8	And in the month of March, three armed security agents brutally beat up Hiluf Kahsay, a member of Arena Medrek, and the report added that he received threats from security authorities to leave the party or suffer the consequences
8	On Sunday April 5, 2016, the soldiers of the Eritrean regime, in the middle of Asmara around Shuq opened a volley of fire on the national service conscripts they were transporting it was learned that so far unknown number of victims have lost their lives
8	On Sunday, May 5, 2016, in central Asmara, in the market area, Eritrean regime soldiers opened fire on members of National Service whom they were transporting on trucks. It has been ascertained that an unknown number of victims have lost their dear lives
10 8	In Minnesota, USA, 2 Ethiopians were killed and 1 seriously wounded: Two Ethiopians from Oromo were killed in an attack in Minnesota while...
10 8	In the US state of Minnesota, 2 Ethiopians were killed and 1 seriously wounded. Two Ethiopians of Oromo origin died when they were attacked in Minneapolis, while a third...
8	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners: Those who claimed responsibility for the attack in the capital city of Bamako, Mali last Friday...
8	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention. Groups who claimed to have carried out the attack in Mali's capital, Bamako, that killed 21 people...
8	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners
8	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention.
10 8	To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country
10 8	Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability
10 8	Women's right has no approval by EPRDF!! Even though everybody believes women are half part of our society, but because of the previous dictator leaders of our country they cannot participate and benefit equaly from the political,economic and social life of the society and also do not get democratic rights or opportunities to express their problems with their own voices. To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country. For that reason, our country's women participate in all section of the combat during the armed struggle to get their rights and the rights of underprivileged people by resisting all natural and man-made obstacles. They joined the battle alongside their fighters and sacrificed. By giving their forehead to the bullet and tread explosives by jumping to the front battle field were able to be called lioness of the struggle. Even though, our Ethiopian women particularly the Tigray region pay spectacular effort by sacrificing their lives to reach into their goals,because their reward of struggle and sacrifices have been hijack and betrayed by the TPLF,EPRDF party, and their achievements which cost the hereon blood has been wasted, nowadays they are exposed to miserable lives. Women-the half part of society isolated alone cannot be beneficiaries; apparently, as every underprivileged Ethiopian society who was not able to get his reward of the17 years bitter and miraculous battle. Therefore, as all part of the society and women are loaded with many problems on their shoulder and their life fall in to famine,illiteracy,rape, detention,migration,adversity and death by the atrocity,horrible,rule of the TPLF, EPRDF ruling party. As a result of the human right violation and unemployment being an obstacle to women's social life,those who failed to resist the situation headed their way to migration blindly. As a result they became victims of rape and disgrace in the wild, or at the sea in a dreadful manner. The regime uses different systems to be trusted by the women. By systematic preaching in the name of union, league,women's federation, Meles leadership training academy etcetera and trying to control the women under his cruel and dictatorial administration and halt them from fighting for their future rights through writing, organizing themselves and incite argument against the dictators. The bloody and bitter army struggle performed to pervade justice, peace, democratic right, equality, and respect was jilted before reaching its goals as it falls to benefit the few elites, the oppressive, corruptive elite administration. The people and country are in danger of disaster and violence loss of integrity which resulted many innocent people being killed in the street and many other nationals are hunted get detained and tortured by security forceswithout any reason.Thissituationescalates grief and pain of our mothers and sisters. Because women are all the social life of community Looking at the threat and cruelty experienced by the ruling EPRDF party for the whole society especially women for 25 years, currently there is no hope that democratic right be secured.Therefore, we should unite and eliminate our sexual divergence and start the army struggle for democratic rights and abolish the ruling dictatorial EPRDF part
10 8	Women rights would not be guaranteed by the EPRDF. It's a known fact that women are half of society. Because of the policies of the past autocratic rulers in our country, women were not able to equally participate in the social, economic and political life of society. There was no chance for women to come out and express their voices and to express their democratic rights. Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability. Women of our country have contributed everything required by the struggle for their own rights and the rights of the oppressed population. During the struggle, they faced natural and human-made obstacles, but confronted these obstacles by arming themselves on an equal footing with their brothers; participating equally fearlessly in battles, facing bullets and land mines, and acted like lionesses. Ethiopian women, and especially Tigray women, have paid a heavy toll in terms of life and disability; they performed historic and heroic acts; and became lionesses, achieving their objectives in total victory. The fruit of their struggle and sacrifices, however, have been hijacked by the treacherous TPF/EPRDF regime, and the victory that was paid for in blood is wasted. Today, women are facing countless problems and live abject conditions. As the entire dispossessed population of Ethiopia did not see the fruits of its spectacular 17-year struggle, women, as half of society, have not been able to realize any gains, either. Therefore, since the governance that women and the whole country are subjected to is so abusive and atrocious, women, like all members of society, are devoid of their rights. They are experiencing double abuse by the TPLF/EPRDF regime. They are burdened by these problems and are in dire conditions of merciless poverty, migration, famine, diseases, ignorance, abuse, imprisonment, suffering and death. The abuse of human rights and unemployment prevailing in our country have created disorder in the social livelihoods of women. Those sisters of ours who cannot withstand all these problems have emigrated to take refuge elsewhere and are facing abuse and humiliation along the way. Even for their future lives to live freely fighting for their privileges, they have been deprived to struggle for their rights, to organize and to educate themselves. They keep them in darkness. In name only, the regime talks tactically of associations, leagues, women's federation, Meles leadership training academy, etc. Presenting women as part and parcel of the evil regime, it does everything to keep them under its full control, obedient to its policies, by depriving them of their human rights. Therefore, the struggle that was aimed at justice, peace, democratic rights, equality and respect has been hijacked. It is serving the needs of the minority. Today, because of cheap and cliquish administration, the country and its people are moving toward dangerous downfall and confusion with the unity of the country in perils. This has led to the lives of innocent citizens to vanish in streets. Many citizens are being hunted and taken to prisons by security forces for crimes they didn't commit. This increases the agony and suffering of our mothers and sisters. This is because women are the social life of society. Therefore, the ruling EPRDF regime, which, for the last 25 years, committed atrocities by trampling the rights of citizens, and especially those of women, it will not guarantee human and democratic rights now. Therefore, without difference of gender, we must get rid of the selfish regime by joining the process of armed struggle for democratic change
8	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and resident was looted and destroyed says "I lack a shelter for my children". Because of the unrest and turmoil that happened in Gondar last week 9...
8	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and residence were robbed and destroyed says, "I have no place to shelter my children." In the crisis and unrest that occurred last week in Gondar, 9 ...
8	5 Eritrean migrants, ages 15,16,17, were arrested for trying to burn a house given to them by the Netherlands government. Video: 5 Eritrean Migrants Arrested for... Video: 5 Eritrean Migrants Arrested for...
8	5 Eritrean migrants, 15, 16 and 17 years of age, were arrested for allegedly attempting to burn the house provided to them by the Dutch government. Video: 5 Eritrean Migrants Arrested for...
10 8	Our sources in Sudan reported that human traffickers in Sudan and the Sudanese police are targeting houses rented by Eritreans and they are forcing them to make the perilous journey to Libya. The smugglers and the police have made this arrangement for financial gain
10 8	In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them through the vicious journey to Libya. The traffickers are gambling with the lives of Eritreans in exchange for bloodstained money, according to our sources in Sudan. In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them to Libya, according to the information obtained from our sources in Sudan
8	On their part, the police grab and take the Eritreans to a place located 3 hours from Omdurman and deliver them to the smugglers regardless of their holding of permit or not
8	The police indiscriminately take all Eritreans, whether they are in possession of a residence permit or not, to a place known as Dungul, three hours away from Omdurman; that is where they hand them over to the human traffickers
10 7 8	More than 60 Eritreans who have been smuggled out of Sudan and taken to Libya by human traffickers became victims in a fighting between the Sudanese border officers and Libyan terrorists at the Sahara desert. One girl and one young man were shot dead and another Eritrean who lied on the soil after injury remained in the desert and his fate is still unknown
10 7 8	More than 60 Eritreans were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, before they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. More than 60 Eritreans led by human traffickers were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, when they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. Another Eritrean who was shot was left behind as no one could pick him up and his whereabouts are unknown now, from the reports obtained from Sudan
8	Peace and love for the oppressed mass of Eritrea!
8	Liberty and peace for the afflicted people of Eritrea!
10 1	The information that indicated the people who live in the town of Sekota in the North Wollo zone in the Amhara region, is exposed to serious hunger caused by draught, the lack of food that doesn't give time and since the authorities of the ruling regime who know this has happened in the town could not look into the matter and are unable to provide the necessary help, it was learned they are leaving the villages and migrating
10 1	The entire population of Sokota town in North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, are suffering from starvation due to drought. But, because the authorities of the ruling regime, who know the urgency of the food shortage in the town, did not care or provide the needed assistance, the residents are leaving the town and migrating elsewhere
10	According to the acquired information, earlier diarrhea was spread widely in Oromia and Somalia regions, and this week the disease is witnessed to be spread in the regions of Amhara and Tigray particularly in the town of Mekele city of Tigray and Bahrdar of Amhara region
10	According to a received information, the case of diarrhea was widespread in Oromia and Somali regions. In this week, the epidemic is reported to have spread to Amhara and Tigray regions, particularly in the towns of Mekelle, Bahir Dar
10	It is understood that, in this week the number of diarrhea infected people in our country Ethiopia has increased rapidly
10	The number of reported cases of diarrhea is increasing in Ethiopia in this week
10	in addition it was understood that as a result of using unsafe water the disease started to spread in Addis Ababa residents starting from June 2008. Especially in this week the disease is spreading highly in vast areas, in Addis Ababa City, districts of Bolie, Yeka, Aqaqi, Kolfie, and in Nfas Slklafto district
10	Moreover, the disease is spreading in the city of Addis Ababa since June 2016 due to unsafe drinking water. But in this week, the epidemic has spread to several localities of Addis Ababa including Bole, Yeka, Akaki, Kolfe and Nefas Silk Lafto districts
10	Accoerding to the stated information, over 450 individuals were infected by diarrhea disease this week in Amhara region. Generally since June last year 19 individuals died, in Oromia , Somalia and Debub Hizboch regions only, and about 2000 people were infected said the assistant officer of United Nations human rights on their weekly report
10	According to a weekly report of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, more than 450 cases of diarrhea were reported in Amhara region. In general, 19 persons died and 2,000 people had suffered from diarrhea since last August in Oromia, Somali and South regions
10	World health organization clarifies, our country Ethiopia has become victim of malaria disease attack because of lack of preventive medicinal supply, and this danger happened because the regime in power didn't give focus on it, thus the government is responsible for this
10	WHO further stated that Ethiopia is suffering from yellow fever infection due to the shortage of preventive drugs and it is the current government in power which shall be responsible for not giving due attention
10	The ruling government has not done enough deal with the floods caused by heavy rain in Moyale and surrounding areas, and as a result there were heavy losses in human lives and property, a report based on eyewitnesses said
10	Reports citing residents indicated that heavy rains and flooding that hit Moyale and the surrounding areas in the last few days, coupled with the ruling regime's inaction, have caused serious damage to human life and property
8	Oromo Liberation Front rejects Kenyan Government's press release: ONF spokesman said that the attack which killed three people in Northern Kenya was carried out by Ethiopian Security Forces... ...
8	Oromo Liberation Front rejects the Kenyan Police Account. OLF spokesperson said that the attack that killed three persons in northern Kenya was carried out by Ethiopian government forces.
4	The proceeding of this discussion shall be managed by independent professional experts. The plan is to collect comments and suggestions from the participants and forward them to the wider public through the media
4	The discussion will be conducted by independent Eritrean experts, and the plan is to broadcast the suggestions forwarded by the participants to the public through mass media
4	The seminar is scheduled to be held in Denver, Colorado
4	Under the umbrella of this theme, we invite you to participate in a one-day panel discussion that we will hold in Denver, Colorado
10	The fast increasing Zika virus
10	(video) The rapidly spreading Zica virus.
4	RT @VOATigrigna: In a time that Somalia is preparing to conduct a presidential election, tomorrow, Wednesday, the capital city of Mogadishu is being heavily guarded by security #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrigna..
4	RT @VOATigrigna: On the eve of the day the capital is preparing for Wednesday's presidential election in Somalia, the capital Mogadishu is on a very high security alert. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrigna..
1	In similar news, the rain in the east Harerge killed two children and the road from Deriedawa to Harere was breached. Moreover on the road from Mojo to Hawasa a bridge was blocked by debris of flooding from the rainfall of Meki surrounding and became difficult for the movement of vehicles
1	In a related news, heavy rain in East Hararghe claimed the lives of 2 children and broke apart the road from Dire Dawa to Harar. The road from Mojo - Hawassa has also been blocked following the heavy rain and resulting flooding of the road. This has caused road traffic blockage
1	After the torrential rainfall breached the road from Robi to Goro, transportation service has stopped in the area
1	The continuous heavy rain has cut off the road from Robe to Goro and transportation service has been halted in the area
1	Besides a flood passed through Asala town,destroying the town road
1	Apart from this, flooding in the town of Assela has broken the main road in the town
10	Sources informed us that the telephone of the 3[rd] patriarch His Holiness Entonyos has been confiscated after refusing to sign a paper presented to him by senior security officials and members of the synod blaming his house arrest on his own fault. The 3[rd] patriarch His Holiness Entonyos remains under house arrest for the past 10 years since the autocratic regime of Issayas and his helpers in the synod removed him from his patriarchate. The patriarch has been asked to sign a paper presented to him by senior security officials and members of the synod blaming his house arrest on his own fault yesterday, August 30/2016. It was after his refusal that his telephone has been confiscated. Representatives of the regime have been making some meetings in the name of reconciliation and they were schedule to meet the 3[rd] patriarch His Holiness Entonyos yesterday, August 30. In this meeting, the patriarch was asked to admit his fault, to lift his condemnation on members of the Holy Synod. But, the patriarch told them that he wouldn't sign this admission form and will maintain his firm stand. Consequently, his telephone was confiscated and he was left under house arrest. Our sources further indicated that ever since he was put under house arrest, the 3[rd] patriarch His Holiness Entonyos is suffering from a chronic illness and expressed their concern if the continuing pressures from the regime and its agents worsen his poor health condition. They urged religious leaders and believers to pray for him. In the past weeks, the dictatorial regime of Issayas and his agents conspired against him and released a fake statement saying that "I hereby declare that I have made international or unintentional mistakes and sincerely apologize the Holy Synod" and he has been restored to his patriarchate. This has been revealed by various parties including the statement of the archbishoprics of North America, Europe and Middle East. They say that it is the regime and the bishops it has appointed who should apologize and not the patriarch Entonyos who is a victim of violence. If the process is really to make reconciliation and accepted by the people, there should be a third party to be involved as a witness, arbitrator and umpire
10	The third Patriarch, His Holiness Antonios, who is under house arrest, has had his phone taken away after refusing to sign to admit guilt and remorse. The third Patriarch, His Holiness Antonios, is under house arrest after being forced to step down from his position at the Orthodox Church by the Issaias regime and his cronies from the Sinod after 10 years, having done no wrong. Sources have informed us that he refused to sign an admission of guilt and remorse offered him by higher security officials of the regime on August 30, 2016 and has had his phone taken away. The regime's agents, in a continuation of their so-called reconciliation efforts, held meetings with him repeatedly, and in the course of an appointment yesterday, Tuesday August 30, the agents pleaded with the Third Patriarch, His Holiness Antonios, to admit his guilt and to remove his ban on the members of the Sinod, but he reaffirmed his rejection of the agents, saying, "I will not sign today and I will not sign tomorrow; I have spoken." And as a punishment, the agents took away his phone and left him under house arrest. The sources added that they are concerned for the health of the Third Patriarch, His Holiness Antonios, reminding that he is advanced in age and has chronic diseases, and that they are worried that the pressure from the regime's agents will further deteriorate his health. They have also called on religious leaders and followers to pray for him. In the past few weeks different groups, including national church branches in North America, Europe and the Middle East, made joint announcements denouncing a prior announcement made by the dictatorial regime of Issaias in collusion with his agents that claimed that the Patriarch, His Holiness Antonios, said: "...I admit to all my mistakes whether intentional or not, and my sincere apologies to the Holy Church and to the Holy Sinod." They explained that the regime and the self-appointed Patriarch are the ones who should apologize, and not Patriarch Antonios, who is a victim. And they also suggested that, if the process is for reconciliation and is to be accepted by the public, an independent third party should participate as an observer, witness and mediator
10	Starting last month in Gash-Barka Zone, people attacked by an illness characterized by continuous diarrhea have been taken to hospital, and the doctors have confirmed that the disease is cholera, the report said
10	Starting last month, individuals suffering body-weakening non-stop diarrhea have been taken to hospital. Meanwhile, medical professionals confirmed the disease was cholera, according to news reports
10	Cholera, which has attacked many parts of East Africa, has attacked many people in Eritrea, reports said
10	It has been reported that Cholera, which broke out in several countries in East Africa, has also infected people in Eritrea
10	Especially in Sudan, Blue Nile Zone, around Demazin, hundreds of people have been afflicted and tens have died, Radio Dabanga reported based on reliable information from health services
10	Particularly in Sudan, in the Damazin area of Blue Nile State, hundreds were infected by the disease and dozens died, Radio Dabanga has confirmed, citing medical sources in the area
10	Besides Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease has been reported in South Sudan and Uganda, according to some reports
10	Apart from Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease is also reported to have occurred in South Sudan and Uganda
10	The Sudanese Ministry of Health reported that the contagiousness of the disease has stopped and fewer people are now reported to have the disease. Radio Tamazu reported that 12 people have died at the border of Sudan and Ethiopia, and doctors in the region have demanded that the government declare a state of emergency in the region and ask the U.N. for medical assistance, the report said
10	Sudan's Ministry of Health has indicated that the epidemic had stopped and the number of infections was decreasing. However, in areas along the border between Sudan and Ethiopia, 12 people died from cholera, according to Radio Tamazuj, which added that doctors in the State called on the government to announce the presence of the disease and ask help from the World Health Organization
10	Even though medical personnel confirmed the disease is attacking many people in Eritrea, the Ministry of Health has not given the public any information on how to combat the disease
10	Although medical professionals have confirmed the disease is infecting people in Eritrea, the Health Ministry has not made any statement or given any instructions for the public to take precautions
3	Half of the residents of sub-zone Raya Azebo don't have access to clean potable water, say residents
3	Half of the population of Raya Azebo District does not get clean drinking water, according to residents.
8	In Oromo region the uprising which started again is continuing said residents: in some areas of Oromo the uprising that started in Sunday continued up to today...
8	The resistance that started again in Oromia Region is still ongoing, residents say. The resistance and confrontations that started last Sunday in some areas of Oromia Region also continued today...
8	In Oromo region one student dies from injuries caused by the police, said one resident: In Ethiopia, in Oromo region, Welega zone, the City of Nejo, last Sunday...
8	In Oromia Region one student was killed by police according to one resident: In Ethiopia, Oromia Region West Wollega Zone Nejo town last Sunday night..
7 8	29 children hijacked by the Merele tribesmen have been brought back to their country: From the children hijacked by Merele tribesmen, 29 have been returned to Ethiopia...
7 8	29 of the Ethiopian children kidnapped by armed Murle tribesmen returned to their country: On the return to their country of the 29 Ethiopian children kidnapped by armed Murle tribesmen...
8	In the town of Bishoftu Oromia zone, when millions of people gathered to celebrate the festival of Eriercha and conflict was errupted, in one daylight hundreds of lives passed away.As a result in many other areas of Oromo the conflict continued
8	Following the death of hundreds of people due to the conflict at the Irreecha festival attended by millions in oromia region, the protest has spread to other parts of Oromia
8	The report added,in September 24, 2009 in western Welega,Denbidelo,and Shashemene there was a conflict and number of deaths and wounds are not clear so far,but it is obvious lots of people were dead and others wounded
8	The information further indicates that protests were reported in Western Wollega Dembi Dolo and in Shashemene towns on October 04/2016. Though the actual number of protesters is not known, many civilians are reported dead
8	A spokesman for the Government Communication Affairs Office of Ethiopia has announced that Ethiopia is about to enter into the new Gregorian year of 2017 after successfully resisting the impacts of the El-Nino caused drought and the restoration of peace and stability after the riots in the country. But, Dr. Derese Getachew, Associate Professor at the Oyona college of New York says that the country is moving into the New Year with serious predicaments at hand
8	The spokesperson for Ethiopia's Office of Communication said that Ethiopia is entering 2017 of the Gregorian calendar after fighting against a drought caused by El Nino and the winding down of the clashes in the country. But Dr. Derese Getachew, assistant professor at Ayona College, New York, says that the country is entering the year facing big challenges
4 8	To perform successful public protest in our country, it's recommended that unity is an important factor. Nowadays as the public protest in our country is being powerful from time to time. The dictator regime reaches at this stage by executing thousands of lives, by victimizing in prisons, causing them to migrate, and torturing of citizens. The reason the regime could not be over thrown from power is because the opponents' movement against the regimes could not be united. Based on this, if the current strong and uncontrollable public protest against EPRDF is to be successful, the only key political solution of our country is that opposition parties and individual people should narrow their gaps, and unite to struggle, as recommended from different sources
4 8	Unity is vital if the nationwide protest is to achieve the intended goal. The popular uprising in our country is gaining momentum from time to time. The protest has reached to this point because of the authoritarian regime in power which has been annihilating and imprisoning thousands of Ethiopians. The ruling party is still power because of the fragmentation of the protests. The public uprising has gained momentum and reached to the level beyond the control of EPRDF. If this protest is to succeed, opposition parties or individuals should narrow down their difference and form an alliance as the best way to seek solution to the political problems of the country. This view is expressed many parties
10 1	In Addis Abba district of Cherkos the cultural and tourism office which was under construction, has partially collapsed on August 02, 2008. One person was dead and 10 people were heavily injured
10 1	Part of the building of Addis Ababa Bureau of Culture and Tourism collapsed on August 08/2016. The building was under construction within the Kirkos district of Addis Ababa. One person was killed and 10 persons sustained severe injuries due to the collapse
8	In October 22, 2009 the military force of Weyana,EPRDF, killed one youngster and two women in the city of Chis Abay,western Gojam
8	Reports indicate that the Woyane/EPRDF army has killed a young man nd two women in West Gojam zone, Tis Abay town, on November 01/2016
3	RT @VOATigrigna: In Ethiopia,it is repoted that 612 million dollars is needed for emergency food ai
3	612 million dollars needed for emergency food aid in Ethiopia.
10 8	An opposition demonstration was carried out in the town of Kisimu, in Western Kenya and at least one person was killed by a bullet and another 20 people were also wounded
10 8	It has been reported that protests took place in the city of Kisumu, in Western Kenya, in which at least one person died and 20 others were injured. #Kenya #Protest #VOATigrigna
8	The Israeli government follows a policy of denying refugee status to Eritrean migrants
8	The Israeli government has been enforcing a policy that automatically denies all asylum applications submitted by Eritrean refugees
10	In Tigray the people were warned of meningitis.
10	A warning has been issued concerning meningitis disease in Tigray.
10	The World Health Organization said it requires 18 months to preparing inoculation against Zika virus
10	18 months needed to develop vaccine for the Zica virus, says the World Health organization.
4	Pres. AlBashir of Sudan said he will hand over power. President Omar Al Bashir, announced that he will abdicate in four years after his term ends. After Ar
4	Pres. of Sudan Omar al-Bashir said he will step down. President Omar al-Bashir indicated that he would step down when his term expires in four years. After ...
10	According to the information from the research held this week on HIV/AIDS in big cities and towns of our country Ethiopia, numerous young people are being victimized by the disease, specially cities like Adis-Ababa, Bahirdar, Nazret, Jima, Arbaminch and others are infected in a dangerous way as indicated by the researchers in the field
10	According to the information, a research conducted this week with regard to HIV/AIDS in Ethiopia, teenagers are being exposed to the epidemic in major cities and towns. The spread of the virus is mainly reported in Addis Ababa, Bahir Dar, Nazareth, Arba Minch and other towns
10	The main cause for the distribution of the disease is the ignorance of the authority of( EPRDF)to work towards the youth and intentionally let the disease spread all over the country, concluded researchers
10	The major reason for the spread is that the EPRDF ruled government doesn't give due attention to the youth. The government ignores the fact that AIDS has reached to the level of epidemic and the sprouting of night clubs in Ethiopia is also a contributing factor, according to the researchers
8	RT @VOATigrigna: Representatives of Amhara region government have interviewed Tigrayan victims of the uprising: Representatives from Amhara regional government, since they are victims of protests and the uprising..
8	RT @VOATigrigna: A delegation from the Amhara Region government discussed with Tigrayan victims of the disturbances. Representatives dispatched by the Amhara Region government...victims of disturbances and confusion in the Region into....
3	Even if the EPRDF regime covers up the increase of prices it will be uncovered. The increase of prices in our country created because of the corrupt administration of the EPRDF regime has resulted in social problems our entire society and it is getting worse from time to time, because of the high prices, particularly those who have low income cannot find the different things them need, it is clear they are exposed to worse problems. However, the occupational EPRDF regime that says it is administering our country and people, because it could not find supply for our people who live in different places and in a time that they are suffering from the increase in prices and demand they are heard saying the economy of the country is on the fat road of growth and lecturing with dead words. Particularly at this time the regime is not providing enough support to a considerable number of our citizens who are hit by draught caused by shortage of rain and they are losing their lives, in addition to the increase of prices that is coming to our country from time to time and knowing this the regime says the people lack nothing through the window of television, this proves it is not a group that stands for the people. And this has enabled the people to totally lose faith on the occupational regime and to lose hope. The occupational EPRDF regime that is know by its pretension not by its deeds, the people, be it girls or boys, old and young are forced to stand queues at hotels to buy leftovers. And this clearly shows the failing of the economy of our country Because of that the affected society is repeatedly presenting its problems to the government but not listened and that has made it make its anger worse; and the wealthy are increasing prices and selling as they please, and that has made the poor unable to buy and has expose them to problems. And because the monthly salaries that is paid to government workers has been lowered and the lack means to buy grain, sweetener items like oil, onions and sugar, and to pay rents, they are migrating to other countries. As such, the EPRDF regime is saying our people are eating three times a day and saying that in particular forums for years, but the people, because of the living price hikes and what followed, and being asked to pay taxes beyond their means and lack the means to pay, in frustration is asking to hand over their lands but they could not find anyone to listen to them. In the last weeks in a market survey they conducted in a grain store, the leaders of EPRDF in Addis Ababa they were heard saying there was no price hikes; but the people are angered by the lopsided answer. Food items that are needed to build the life of human beings, such as meat, butter. Eggs and the like that have been missing from their tables for many years, wealthy people who opened restaurants that are found in many localities of Addis Ababa rare not benefitting, the problem is worsening from time to time, after investing their heavenly wealth to serve the people, now they are seen closing the restaurants
3	Price hikes exposed despite EPRDF's cover up It is apparent that the worsening inflation created by the EPRDF regime's corrupt administration has been causing great difficulties in the living conditions of the entire society, and particularly for low-income citizens, who are unable to meet their basic needs. However, as the public suffers from skyrocketing prices, the ruling EPRDF regime, who claims to govern the nation and people, is unable to provide for the basic needs of the population living in various locations, while at the same time it vainly claims the country's economy is on a fast lane to growth. Especially at this time, as many citizens have lost their lives because of the regime's failure to provide adequate aid to those affected by the drought, and as price hikes increasingly get worse in various parts of the country, the regime has been saying on television that the public's needs were satisfied, which is testimony to the fact that this is a clique that doesn't care about the people. Hence, the public has completely lost confidence in the ruling regime, and it has lost hope. The ruling EPRDF regime, known for its hypocrisy rather than its action, has forced the public, girls and boys, old and young, to wait in queues in front of hotels, to buy leftovers. And this shows clearly the failure of our nation's economy. The affected communities have repeatedly been complaining about the problems they face, without anyone giving any heed, which has increased their anger. Meanwhile, businesspeople have been increasing prices as they wished, depriving the public of its purchasing power and exposing it to hardship. Government employees as well are unable to pay with their low salaries for grains and other groceries like cooking oil, vegetables and sugar, as well as rent. Therefore, they have been leaving for other countries. For many years, and on various occasions, the EPRDF regime has said our people get three meals a day. But, the people have been suffering from the effects of inflation and, on top of that, are being asked to pay taxes beyond their ability. Out of frustration, they have told the government to take their land, but didn't get any response. Following a market survey of a grain store in Addis Ababa in the previous week, EPRDF leaders were heard saying prices were not rising. The public, however, is angered by this perverse response. It has been years since the public brought to its table such nutritious foods as meat, butter and eggs, that are necessary for building the body. Due to the worsening living conditions, businesspeople in various regions and in Addis Ababa who had invested their life savings in restaurants, with the aim of serving the public, are being forced to close them for lack of customers
8	In connection with the Oromo region up rising, more than 3500 people have been arrested, said opposition groups
8	The opposition says 3500 persons were detained in relation to the unrest that broke out in Oromia Region.
10	In a time that EPRDF ruling regime authorities are blubbering in their media claiming that their country has developed and peace and good governance is wide spread, youth who number in the thousands are migrating and becoming victims, risking death and suffering, the agency added after mentioning that 317 refugees need 200,00 dollars to return to their country, but since there is no one who is interested in Ethiopians, concerned representative diplomats of different countries in Malawi indicated that the Ethiopian leaders are not interested in their citizens
10	At a time when the ruling EPRDF regime is making a lot of noise about the country's development, peace and good governance, thousands of youth are leaving the country becoming victims of suffering and death. The news organization further added that 200,000 dollars was needed to repatriate the 317 migrants. However, as there is no one who cares about these Ethiopians, various foreign diplomats in the country who were concerned about this situation have indicated that Ethiopian leaders did not care about their citizens
8	Ethiopian opposition group, Arbenoch 7, claimed responsibility for the attacks in Southern Ethiopia.
8	The Ethiopian Opposition front - Ginbot 7 Veterans Movement has taken responsibility for the attack in the south of Ethiopia.
10 1 8	According to information by our sources, after explaining that at this time a town named Robit which is under the administration of Tekkel Dengay district is where repeated conflicts happen
10 1 8	According to the information received from our sources, a place called Robit, which is presently under the administration of Tekkl Dngay district, has seen repeated clashes
8	Silva Ker, the president of South Sudan gave his orders to stop conflict that has been going on between the government forces and the rebels. Silva Ker, the president of South Sudan, what was going on between the forces...
8	President Salva Kiir has issued orders for stopping the clashes between government and insurgent troops. South Sudan's president Salva Kiir ... between the forces of ...
8	An uprising in Oromo region, eye witnesses said government forces have used excessive power to calm it, said observers: In Oromo region, in different areas, today...
8	Eyewitnesses say that security forces have used excessive force to disperse student protests that continue to take place in Oromia: In different parts of Oromia Region, also today activities...
8	(pictorial news) bombs that exploded in Jakarta waste lives
8	(Pictorial account) Bombs exploded in Jakarta resulted in loss of human life.
8	Heavy shooting and sound of explosives rocked the city of Mogadishu. Heavy shooting and sound of explosives were heard in Mogadishu, the capital city of Somalia.
8	Heavy fighting and explosions rocked Mogadishu. Heavy fighting and explosion was heard in the Somali capital, Mogadishu. The attack happened in a well-known restaurant Lido.
10 8	3 people were killed and 4 wounded in Mogadishu due to the heavy shooting and explosion.
10 8	3 died and 4 wounded in a Mogadishu heavy fighting and explosions.
8	7. Just yesterday, we have seen our Eritrean brothers and sisters sinking in the sea, and others being brutally slaughtered by knives and guns in Libya
8	Only yesterday, we saw our young brothers drown in the Mediterranean in droves and being brutally slaughtered with knives and shot with guns in Libya
4	1. We Eritreans, in order to live in Eritrea as respected Eritreans, should initiate a just ideology, and try to reach in a stable and strong level with unity. There are some who pretend to be peace seekers but have a bad plot against us
4	1. Having initiated a strong idea that enables us to live in dignity as Eritreans in our own country, we are faced with a covert conspiracy by some who, by posing as friends, want to obstruct us from uniting and achieving correct and solid work
10 3	Cholera spreads from Addis Ababa to other regions: The disease which broke out in Addis Ababa is spreading to other regions...
10 3	Cholera spreads from Addis Ababa to other Regions of Ethiopia: What started in Addis Ababa as diarrhea and vomiting has been identified as cholera and is spreading to other ...
8	Eritrea - Eritrean societies for justice are supporting the decision of the UN to vote on the implementation of the resolution on Eritrea
8	> Eritrea - Eritrean organizations of justice seekers have expressed their support for the United Nation's new resolution, which provides for a decision that can be implemented in the case of Eritrea
8	The organizers of these demonstrations expressed their appreciation on behalf of the Geneva 23 participants the action of Djibouti and Somalia for voting in favor of forwarding the case to the UN Security Council against the crimes against humanity committed in Eritrea
8	The organizers of the demonstrations praised the countries of Djibouti and Somalia on behalf of those participating in Geneva 23, for their strong position that the crimes against humanity committed in Eritrea should be passed on to the United Nations Security Council so that practical decisions could be made
10	Ethiopian refugees and journalists in Nairobi, Kenya went on hunger strike sitting in front of amnesty international office, demanding the sanction on Habtamu Ayalew- political party member to be lifted and allow him for medical aid abroad
10	Ethiopian refugees living in Kenya are holding a hunger strike in front of the office of Amnesty International in Nairobi to demand that Habtamu Ayalew, a journalist and politician shall be allowed to get medication in overseas
10	It was known from the information gathered that Ethiopian refugees in Nairobi went on hunger strike protest
10	According to a received information, Ethiopians living in Nairobi are on hunger strike
3	Report indicates that from the meeting conducted by the Amhara region north of WOLLO ,Lalibela district, many people have died by the drought
3	In a public meeting that took place this week in the Lalibela area, North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, it was revealed that many people had died due to drought
8	The government says 5 who were out in opposition and 4 police died in Oromia. But the opposition say between 30-40
8	5 protesters and 4 police have died in Oromia, says government. However, the opposition says 40 to 50.
7	In 2016, the number of deaths of refugees who tried to cross to Europe through the Mediterranean Sea exceeded a record high of 5,000
7	In 2016, the number of refugees who died trying to cross to Europe via the Mediterranean Sea surpassed 5000 people, a record number
8	Number of deaths in the Mediterranean Sea reaches record high In 2016, the number of deaths of refugees who tried to cross to Europe through the Mediterranean Sea exceeded a record high of 5,000. Compared to this, the number of refugees reaching the coasts of Europe, especially after the closure of the route from Turkey to Greece and other eastern routes, has decreased by two-thirds. The reason the death toll has reached 5,000 is because two boats capsized in the sea coasts of Italy, near Sicily. The Italian Coast Guard was unable to rescue 100 people out of 257 refugees. A spokesman of the UNHCR office, when talking about this incident, explained that on average 14 people were dying daily in 2016, hoping to find a better life in Europe. According to the report by the U.N. branch that deals with refugees, the type of boats being used by the traffickers were getting worse and their systems were getting more sophisticated to escape being tracked. In 2016, the traffickers used to send plenty of boats at the same time in order not to be arrested; this created problems for the rescue efforts and hence the number of deaths increased. The high increase in the death toll in the Mediterranean Sea has happened in the same year that the number of refugees reaching Europe has decreased. According to the reports by UNHCR, while one million refugees reached Europe in 2015, the number decreased to less than 360,000 in 2016. When compared with the number of refugees reaching Europe, the number of deaths in Mediterranean Sea has increased by one-third in 2016. In 2015, the death toll of refugees was 3,770; in 2014, this number was at 3,280. When compared with the high number of refugees and the fewer deaths prior to 2016, the probability of death while at sea increased three-fold in 2016. The real number of deaths is believed to be higher than what is reported. UNHCR reports that the deaths of hundreds of people trying to cross from Morocco to Spain are mostly not reported. Besides the unaccounted deaths at sea, in 2016 alone 1,100 refugees have reportedly died in the Sahara desert
8	Deaths in the Mediterranean have reached a climax. In 2016, the number of refugees who died trying to cross to Europe via the Mediterranean Sea surpassed 5000 people, a record number. Compared to this, the number of those who managed to set foot on the European coast, especially after the closure of the Eastern part of the Mediterranean that includes the route crossing from Turkey to Greece, has decreased by two-thirds. The number of deaths reached 5000 after two boats sank on December 22, near Sicilia on the Italian coast. The Italian coast guards could not rescue more than 100 of the 257 passengers on the two boats. The spokesperson of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, speaking about the devastating accident, said that the 2016 figure shows that every day an average of 14 people were dying in search of a better life in Europe. According to the UN branch attending to refugee affairs, as the type of boats that the smugglers use went on getting worse, the system that they pursue to avoid being caught also became more sophisticated. In 2016, the system that the smugglers used to avoid being caught involved sending too many boats at once, which made rescue missions difficult and caused the largest number of deaths. Theis big increase in the number of deaths that occur in the Mediterranean happened during a year when the minimum number of people who actually reach Europe has declined sharply. According to the International Organization for Refugee Affairs, in 2015 about one million refugees reached European shores, while the total for 2016 is only 360,000. Compared to the number of refugees who have flown to Europe, the number of people who have died in the Mediterranean has increased by a third. In 2015, over 3,770 refugees were lost, while in 2014 about 3,280 died. Compared to the pre-2016 record flow of refugees and death tolls, deaths at sea in 2016 increased three times over. The actual number of deaths is estimated to exceed the reported ones. The International Organization for Refugee Affairs says that hundreds of deaths that occur during the crossing from Morocco to Spain are mostly left unreported. Apart from the unreported deaths at sea, the accurate count of the refugees lost during journeys across the Sahara in 2016 reached at least 1,100
8	US state department committee has called for an investigation into Ethiopia's killing of civilians in Oromo region: An investigation into the killing of Oromo protesters... ...
8	The Foreign Affairs Committee of the US Congress called for investigation of the killing that took place in Oromia Region: The Foreign Affairs Committee called for investigation of the killing of demonstrators in Ethiopia's Oromia Region ...
7	pictorial corner in a boat that departed from Libya and sunk in the Mediterranean Sea, 500 people were rescued and seven bodies were found. May 25, 2016
7	Photo corner. 500 were saved from a boat that drowned in the Mediterranean Sea after leaving Libya. Seven bodies were also found. May 25, 2016. #Migration #VOATigrigna #Itlay
8	The report details concerning the awful measures taken by the government of Ethiopia on the peaceful demonstration particularly in Oromia region. The Oromo federal congress (OFC) leader Mr. Bekele Fereba,Dejenie Tufa and Mr. Gurmaso Ayana were sued on anti-terrorism rules.In addition the allegations were to Neger Ethiopia online website host Mr. Getachew Shiferawe, blue party public issue leader Mr. Yonatan Tesfay, Oromia Radio and television journalist Mr. Fekadu Merkana and other parties,but the reporter under lined that this is accusation action in the cover of anti-terrorism proclamation act
8	The statement particularly condemns the atrocious actions of the government against protesters in Oromia region. Officials of the Oromo Federalist Congress (OFC) such as Mr. Bekele Gerba, Dejene Tufa and Mr. Gurmessa Ayana are accused using the anti-terrorism law. Moreover, Mr. Getachew Shiferaw, the Editor-in-Chief of the online newspaper, Negere Ethiopia, Mr. Yonathan Tesfaye, public relations officer of the Blue Party, Mr. Fekadu Mirkana, a journalist at the Oromia Radio and TV as well as other individuals are charged with the anti-terrorism law, the statement reads
10	RT @VOATigrigna: In Eritrea the prevalence of Malaria has decreased by 90%.
10	RT @VOATigrigna: It is reported that the spread of malaria in Eritrea has been reduced by 90 percent.
8	Report said the young Oromos who led the protest claimed s"we do not want to damage our people's properties; our struggle is against the dictator regime"
8	it has been learned that the youth leading the Oromo people's resistance have said they would not damage any property of the people, and that their struggle was against the oppressive regime
8	As a conclusion,intellectuals and political analysts described the Oromia ethnic youth agreement and solidarity at a meeting in Abaro, around Shashemenie on 12 June 2008 will be a big test to the regime
8	Finally, the pledge entered into by Oromia Region youth on Lekatit 12, 2008 E.C., in a place called Abaro, near Shashamane, will pose a major challenge for the regime, various scholars and analysts indicate
8	Looting of properties and houses and displacements in Shinfaa Gondar: around 400 residents of Shinfaa Metema; due to the unrest that was created in the city, they were displaced from their houses; federal P...
8	Robbery against property and houses, and displacement in Shinfae, Gondar. Around 400 residents were displaced from their homes because of the unrest in Shinfae Metema. Federal ...
8	"The security problem that unfolded in Gondar is under control" the government of the Amhara zone. The problems that unfolded in limited places of the surroundings of Gondar in the Amhara zone
8	The conflict that erupted in Gondar is brought under control, says Ahmara Region's government. The crisis that started in some areas of North Gondar Zone, in the Amhara Region...
10 8	The uprising in Oromo region, which is in its third month, is continuing in some parts: In Borena zone Bule Hora City, when security forced shot and wounded one man the protests started... ...
10 8	Resistance in Oromia Region, which is in its third month now, is still ongoing in some areas. Protests erupted when soldiers in the town of Bulye Hora, Borena Zone, shot and wounded a civilian.
10	It was stated that Microcephaly disease has relations with Zika virus. A person attacked by Zika virus was not observed to have health problems related with the virus. But the pressure b...
10	Microcephaly disease is said to be connected to the Zica virus. No sign of related health issues in persons infected by the Zica virus. The pressure, however ...
10	It was stated that Microcephaly disease has relations with Zika virus.
10	Microcephaly disease said to be connected to the Zica virus.
8	The UN human rights agency has called for world attention on the Ethiopian crisis: In different parts of Oromo demonstrations against the government have continued...
8	UN Human Rights Commission issued appeal over the crisis in Ethiopia: Stating that anti-government protests have also continued today in many towns in Oromia Region, the Commission ...
10 8	The 29 years old Habtom Weldemichael; on October 18 in the city of Beersheba; in the attack that happened at a bus terminal, Israeli security forces thought two people among those who committed the attack was one, after they shot and wounded him in the leg , Israelis who live in the area beat him with chairs and other things and because of the heavy wounds it is remembered that he breathed his last breath after he was taken to the hospital
10 8	In the aftermath of an attack in a bus station in Be'er Sheva, 29-year old Habtom Woldemichael was shot and wounded in the leg by Israeli security forces who thought he was one of the two attackers. Israelis who were in the area then battered him with chairs and other stuff causing him grave injuries. He died soon after being taken to the hospital
4	According to the report, starting from 24[th] February 2008 in the region of Oromo the community from Lekemti, Ambo, Arjon and Arsin and surrounding places are opposing the OHDD and EPRDF regime. It has been learned that they were demonstrating holding posters with different slogans like, the governor should handover his power to people and change to public centered Government, to stop the inflictions on Oromo people, we don't need OHDD and EPRDF to lead
4	Based on these reports, starting on February 24, 2008 E.C., residents and whole communities in Lekemti, Ambo, Arjo, Arsi and its surroundings, in Oromia Region, have been demonstrating almost daily. They raised slogans saying: the ruling parties OPDO and EPRDF should stop the injustices been perpetrated on the Oromo people; we reject the rule of OPDO and EPRDF; officials of the ruling regime should step down and give way to a government of the peopl
8	According to the information sources from that place, the rich people living in Humora town who do not have any relation with the governor EPRDF are registered by the administers accusing them for participating by funding and initiating the public uprising against the administrative actions in Welkite Tsegede. It is explained that one of the registrants, who was named as Shemeye Ghebru was killed being poisoned in his drinking water-highland water- after he had been intimidated and accused that he contributed 3 thousand birr to help the public protest
8	As reported by our sources in the area, some property owners and residents of Humera, who have no ties to officials of the ruling regime, have been accused of instigating and financially supporting the uprising in Wolkait Tsegede that raised issues related to governance. Among those registered based on these allegations, include: Shmuye Ghebru, who, after been threatened for, allegedly, contributing 3,000 Birr for the cause of the uprising, died on Lekatit 25, 2008 E.C. after his drinking water was allegedly poisoned, as reported by our sources
8	It has been acknowledged that the people of Humora town in the western region, are killed by poison after they had been accused and intimidated by the cadres of EPRDF for the rising of the public unrest in Welkite Tsegede and supporting them financially
8	It has been learnt that some residents of Humera town, West Zone, having been previously threatened on suspicion that they instigated and financially supported the ongoing protests in Wolkait Tsegede, are now being killed by poisoning
7	A German newspaper called "Frankfurter Zeitungen" reported that human traffickers who have been smuggling middle east migrants to Europe via Turkey and Greece are now smuggling the migrants to Italy through a perilous journey
7	German newspaper Frankfurter Zeitung: The smugglers that used to transport Middle Eastern refugees to Europe via Turkey and Greece have planned to transport refugees to Italy over a new and more dangerous route
8	"The influx of middle east refugees is moving from Greece towards Italy" A German newspaper called "Frankfurter Zeitungen" reported that human traffickers who have been smuggling middle east migrants to Europe via Turkey and Greece are now smuggling the migrants to Italy through a perilous journey. According to the paper, the smuggling network stretches from the Turkish port town of Antalya to Mersin, a town near the Syrian border and from Athens, Greece to the Italian coast. The smugglers plan to use small boats for transporting migrants starting from April of this year. According to an anonymous smuggler, each migrant is expected to pay 3,000 - 5,000 Euros to get a space on the smuggling boat and the new smuggling route was opened due to the increasing number of migrants who wish to pass Greece and reach Italy. The smuggler said that two boats carrying at more than 250 migrants will reach Italy every week. This dangerous and long sea journey has now increased the 150-200 km distance to 1500 km. As it is known, this distance is almost twice the distance of the 800 km sea distance from Libya to Italy which is frequented by African migrants. Following an agreement between European Union and Turkey, Greece sends back migrants back to Turkey on their second day of arrival. So, the migrants want to reach Italy where there is no such arrangement and this new journey has concerned many that it may escalate the death toll as a result of sea accidents. Now that the influx of migrants from Libya and North Africa is added to the influx from Turkey, Italy is expected to take some tough measures as it has already been frustrated with the already large number of African migrants that it hosted
8	The flow of migrants from the Middle East will shift from Greece to Italy. German newspaper Frankfurter Zeitung: The smugglers that used to transport Middle Eastern refugees to Europe via Turkey and Greece have planned to transport refugees to Italy over a new and more dangerous route. According to the newspaper's explanation, the smugglers in this smuggling network will use small boats to transport refugees from the Turkish port cities of Anatolia, from the city of Mersin near the border with Syria, and from Athens, Greece to Italian coasts starting in April of this year. According to the account of one smuggler, each refugee is forced to pay from three to five thousand Euros to have a place in the small boats and that the new route has been opened because of the number of refugees demanding to reach Italy from Greece. The smuggler added that he can transport at least two pairs of boats, each carrying 250 refugees, to Italy weekly. This new and very dangerous sea route has increased the distance to 1500km from the previous 150km to 200km sea route. As is known, what was once considered the busiest and most dangerous journey is the refugee route from Africa to Italy, which is only 800km, or half the distance when compared with this one. After the agreement between the European Union and Turkey, refugees are attempting to leave Greece, which is currently returning refugees to Turkey on the second day of their stay, to get into Italy, and it is feared that this will worsen the condition of the refugees and that they will die in previously unheard-of numbers. It is expected that this will affect Italy, which was struggling to receive refugees from Libya and North Africa even though their numbers were small compared to the flow of refugees from Turkey, and will make the situation worse and certainly lead it to take harsh measures against refugees
7	As it is known, in this time of the year where the storm seems to be lower, large number of migrants attempt to cross the Mediterranean Sea on boats not different from coffins and arrive in Italy. As a result, the death toll is expected to rise
7	Local media have recently warned of the resumption of the small and illegal immigration boat trips to Europe from the Libyan coast with the start of spring, which is regarded as a good time for migration by sea. Therefore, it is expected that the number of deaths will increase
8	The Libyan coast guard announced that ten bodies of Eritrean and Niger migrants were found at the coast. Tripoli, March 38/206: The Libyan coast guard announced that ten bodies of Eritrean and Niger migrants were found at the coast The bodies found at a coast 75 km from Tripoli are believed to be migrants who sunk in the sea few days ago as the body was showing signs of decaying, according to Abdeltif Al-Mensur, commander of the Al-Gerabuli coast guard. As it is known, in this time of the year where the storm seems to be lower, large number of migrants attempt to cross the Mediterranean Sea on boats not different from coffins and arrive in Italy. As a result, the death toll is expected to rise
8	The Libyan Coast Guard has reported that they have discovered dozens of drowned bodies of African migrants which were said to be probably from Eritrea and Niger. Tripoli; 28 March 2016; The Libyan Coast Guard has reported that they have discovered dozens of drowned bodies of African emigrants from Eritrea and Niger. The head of the Coast Guard in Al-Garaboulli, Abdullatif Al-Munser, said that the corpses were discovered 75km to the east of Tripoli. Al-Garaboulli also said that the decomposed bodies washed ashore, and he suggested that the boat which the emigrants were on sank days ago, adding that it is very difficult to identify the dead emigrants as their bodies are totally decomposed. Local media have recently warned of the resumption of the small and illegal immigration boat trips to Europe from the Libyan coast with the start of spring, which is regarded as a good time for migration by sea. Therefore, it is expected that the number of deaths will increase
8	Eritrea: America denied the claims by Eritrea that Ethiopia was pushed to attack Eritrea. Ethiopia attacked Tsorona border pushed by America... ...
8	To Eritrea's claim that Ethiopia started aggression under pressure from the US, the US responds that the claim has no truth. Ethiopia under pressure from the US started aggression in the Tserona Front...
8	International partners of Ethiopia reminded that the killings in the Oromia zone should be looked into
8	International Partners of Ethiopia: Pointed out that the killings that took place in Oromia Region must be taken seriously.
8	Women migrants fleeing to Europe are exposed to high level of abuse and sexual assualt, according to UN Washington - The joint team of delegates conducted its investigation in the months of November in Greece and Macedonia. Accordingly, the group stated that women travelling alone or with kids, pregnant and breastfeeding women, youngsters and unaccompanied underage children are exposed to high risks and sexual assault. Spokesperson for the UN Refugee Agency, William Spindlier, told VOA that it is impossible to find out the frequency of the occurrence and the women migrants are afraid to tell their experience of the migration. However, he didn't deny the fact that the sexual assault against women has been ignored. Many of the women victims of human traffickers and they are forced to engage in sexual intercourse without their will just to complete the cross border migration. You can listen to the full content here. Women migrants fleeing to Europe are exposed to high level of abuse and sexual assault, according to UN (0:02:37) 0:02:37 ▶ 0:00:00 /0:02:37 ▶ Download 128 kbps 32 kbps Sound playe
8	The UN says that women migrating to Europe are in increasing danger of rape and sexual abuse. Washington - A joint commission conducted its research in Greece and Macedonia in November and said that single women and women with children, pregnant women and women with infants, young men and minors are prone to high levels of violence and sexual abuse. UNHCR spokesperson William Spindler, in his interview with the VOA, explained that it is difficult to know the frequency of these incidents and that the women are not willing to speak about their experiences during the migration. However, he admitted that violence against women has not been receiving much attention. He also added that many of the women are victimized by the illegal smugglers, and that they are forced into sex. Full contents can be listened to here. The UN says that women migrating to Europe are in increasing danger of rape and sexual abuse. (0:02:37) 0:02:37 0:00:00 /0:02:37 ▶ download 128 kbps 32 kbps play soun
10	Call to take precautions to prevent Ebola disease from spreading to eastern Africa
10	Appeal made for precautions to prevent the spread of Ebola to East Afric
10	In West Africa, especially in Guinea, Senegal, Nigeria, and Liberia, Ebola has already killed around one thousand people. Currently, international efforts are being made to stop the epidemic
10	International efforts are underway to prevent further spreading of Ebola, which has already killed nearly one thousand in West Africa, namely: Guinea, Senegal, Nigeria and Liberia
8	RT @VOATigrigna: Ethiopia says it destroyed about 30 armed sent by Eritrea as per its claim; Eritrea denies the allegation, in WesternTigrai that borders Eritrea, those who tried to enter after crossing from Eritrea... http://t..
8	RT @VOATigrigna: Ethiopia says it destroyed about 30 armed persons sent by Eritrea. Eritrea rejects the accusation. In West Tigray, which borders Eritrea, ...who crossed from Eritrea http://t..
8	The report from that place indicated more than 100 teachers have been detained in the Oromo region Nekemti town for demonstration which started by students
8	Information that reached us from the Region indicated that 100 teachers were arrested in the town of Nekemte in the Oromia Region because of the peaceful demonstration held by students
10 7 8	Based on the information from our sources the rehabilitation building in Gondar caught fire by unknown reasons and the police who were in guard prevented the prisoners from going out they incurred serious injuries, after explain that, as a result over 17 prisoners died at the time there are around 7 hundred who were injured, and when the resident people who observed the shocking situation went to help the police fired bullets and prevented them from getting closer and it was learned that the number of the injured increased
10 7 8	According to our sources, a fire blast occurred in a prison in Gondar the source of which is unknown. The inmates were prevented by the guards from escaping, as a result of which more than 17 prisoners died at once, while approximately 7 hundred were injured. It has been learned that, seeing this, many residents rushed to the scene to provide help, but were turned back by the police who fired shots, leading to the number of casualties to increase
3	WFP said, more than 13 million dollars is needed to help Ethiopian farmers affected by drought: Ethiopia has beeb affected by severe drought at this time...
3	The World Food Program announced that 13 million dollars was needed to assist famers in Ethiopia who have been affected by drought. At this moment in which Ethiopia is suffering severe drought, Ethiopian ...
3	In three regions in Tigray, there is a severe shortage of water: There is a severe shortage of water in southern, south eastern and eastern areas ...
3	Three Zones in Tigray are facing acute shortage of drinking water. In certain districts located in Southern, South Eastern and Eastern Zones, acute shortage of water is...
8	Ethiopian soldiers kill three Kenyan police, Kenyan newspapers: "Last Friday Ethiopian soldiers crossed the Kenyan border and killed three Kenyan police...
8	"Ethiopian soldiers have killed three Kenyan police", Kenyan newspapers. Last Friday, Ethiopian soldiers have crossed the Kenyan borders and killed three Kenyan police officers ...
8	"The causes of the Oromo uprising are bankrupt politicians," regional government
8	"The cause of the unrest in Oromia are failed political forces," the Regional government.
8	It is recalled that the government of Ethiopia has asked for $1.1bn to help 10 million people. In its neighbors like Sudan and Somalia are also feeling the brunt of drought and internal conflicts
8	It should be recalled that the government of Ethiopia demanded 1.1 billion dollars to help out 10 million people. Its neighbors, South Sudan and Somalia, are affected by drought in addition to their internal conflicts
8	There are newly erupted conflicts in this year in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
8	There are new conflicts occurring in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
1	RT @VOATigrigna the Mozambique police announced the cancellation of residence permits of 36 Ethiopians with which they were hiding for extended periods. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
1	RT @VOATigrigna: The Mozambique police announced that they demolished a house that was an illegal home to 36 Ethiopian immigrants. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
8	An Italian by the name Kyan Carlo Gula, 32, was been shot dead in AV night club last Sunday at 10pm in Bole Friendship Hotel, reported Addis... ...
8	A 32-year-old Italian by the name of Giancarlo Guila was shot and killed last Sunday night, at 10 pm, in front of the AV Night Club, located at the Bole Friendship Hotel, according to Addis...
3	The EPRDF regime's administrators of the central zone of, Ahferom sub zone,Tabiya Hoya, of, are using the aid which came from charity organization for the poor people for their personal purpose
3	The ruling TPLF/EPRDF regime's administrators in Hoya station, Ahferom district, have been using for their own personal and family purposes aid that was received to help the hungry and destitute
8	Earlier, in the Gambela region after a tragic attack against our citizen; many people are arguing by saying that its due to the regime's weakness all these attackers are crossing our country border and violate our sovereignty. Many sources explain that people could be exposed to different attacks from outside and inside if only the governing regime is careless, not supported by the society, and not able to protect its borders
8	Following the recent heinous attack against our citizens in Gambela region, many are expressing their anger at the government for not protecting the people from cross border attack by various groups
10 3	Based on the report from the area, the central zone subzone of Ahferom , Gerhu-Sernay town have acute shortage of water. The concerned government bodies are wasting the people's and government property in temporary restoration activities, instead of working to bring for permanent solution.However, they would mislead the media as if they have used a huge amount of budget in the projects
10 3	According to information we received, the town of Gerhu Sirnay in the district of Ahferom is suffering from a chronic problem of drinking water. Yet, the authorities concerned, instead of working to find a lasting solution to the problem, have only done temporary repairs, wasting the people's and nation's money on things that don't bring change, while making misleading claims in their reports about the allocation of their budget
10 3	Similarly, even though the problem of safe drinking water is getting worse from time to time in Kafta - Humora, Mai-Kadratown, but since the government did not put an effort for permanent solution, it has been reported that the resident of the area are suffering from different diseases as they are using unclean water from the nearby stream Angereb
10 3	Similarly, as the problem of clean water gets worse in Mai Kadra, Kafta Humera, coupled with the government's failure to bring a fundamental solution, the population is using unsafe water from the nearby Angereb stream, thereby suffering from various diseases
3	Save the Children has stated yesterday that the Ethiopian government has notified them that out of 10.1 million people, 5.75 million are children
3	Save the Children reported that the government of Ethiopia has announced that 5.75 million out of the 10.1 million are children
10 8	#Eritrea #ارتريا It was learned that explosives thrown in Bahir Dar and Gondar resulted in harming human lives.
10 8	H0T00367F> #Eritrea #ارتريا : It's known that explosives that were thrown in the towns of Bahir Dar and Gondar have caused human death.
10 1 8	Millions of people are at the risk of starvation due to the food shortage in South Suda
10 1 8	Millions are in danger of famine due to food shortages in South Sudan
8	"the unrest in Gondar does not define the opposition of the Amhara people". In an interview that Mr. Getachew Redda, the Ethiopian Minister of communication affairs, held with foreign journalists...
8	"Gondar protest is not an indication of the Amhara people's resistance", Ethiopia's Communication Affairs minister Getachew Reda in his press conference today. ...
8	6 people were killed in Awdei, in west Harerghe zone. In Ethiopia's west Harerghe zone in the town of Awdei, in a conflict that created on Friday between the residents of the town and armed government...
8	6 individuals killed in Awdey, East Hararge. In Awdey town, East Hararge, Ethiopia, the ... that erupted between the town's residents and armed government ..
10	One hundred twelve of our young citizens who came to Zula prison starting on 13/04/2016. Our young citizens after going through bad and inhuman handling, their suffering is increasing because of shortage of medical attention for the contagious disease of diarrhea that afflicted the prison are suffering severely under the risk of hovering death
10	One hundred and twelve (112) young citizens who came to Zula prison on 4/13/2016 have been suffering from bad and inhumane conditions. Their suffering has worsened by lack of medical attention and the spread of diarrhea in the prison, which has put them at risk of death
4	South Africa's President announced that he has ended his attempt to block the release of a report containing allegations of corruptio
4	The President of South Africa has stopped efforts to block a report that contains corruption allegations (0:02:49
7	9 People, including Eritreans, entered a freezer truck without realizing it, but were saved because they had their mobile phones with them
7	Refugees in Belgium, 9 Eritreans among them, unknowingly boarded a refrigerated truck, but they escaped death, thanks to a phone they were carrying.
10	In Machar, Oromo region, medical personnel said out of the 17 wounded 4 have died, but residents said the number of dead were 16: In Ethiopia, Oromo region, for a third month...
10	In Machar, Oromia Region, out of the 17 injured 4 have died, according to health personnel in the hospital, but residents say that 16 are dead. In Ethiopia's Oromia Region, the three months long ....
3	Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying
3	Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying
3	People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying. Dr. Sara Tewoldeberhan Gerbregziabher, Associate Professor at Mekelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash Gebrehiwot, lecturer at Towson University, expect world leaders who meet in Paris, France to sign a binding accord on climate change. Both scholars that we spoke to said that until the world does something, developing countries need to use irrigated agriculture and plant trees that take in carbon dioxide to resist the impacts of climate change. You can listen to the full content here. People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ Download 128 kbps 32 kbps Sound playe
3	People to People: On El Nino (Part Two) Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying. Associate professor Dr. Sara Teweldebrhan Gebregzabhier, of Mekkelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash, lecturer at Towsen University, Maryland, believe that the world leaders meeting in Paris, France can reach a binding agreement on climate change. Both intellectuals whom we interviewed said that developing countries should use irrigation systems in agriculture to feed their populations and introduce technology that absorbs burning air. Full content can be listened to here. People to People: On the Issue of El Nino (Part Two) (12:30) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ download 128 kbps 32 kbps play soun
7	MP 30 June 2016: In the Strait of Sicily, 32 kilometers away from the Libyan coast, 10 women were found dead in an inflatable plastic boat
7	June 30, 2016: In the strait of Sicilia, 32km away from the Libyan coast, 10 women were found dead in a plastic rescue boat
8	Ten women have died near the Libyan coast MP 30 June 2016: In the Strait of Sicily, 32 kilometers away from the Libyan coast, 10 women were found dead in an inflatable plastic boat. On Thursday, 30 June, when Italian coast guards received an emergency call and reached the place, the 10 women were already dead due to suffocation and drowned by water accumulated in the boat among the crowd of more than 100 refugees. The inflatable boat was not suitable for the waves of the sea created by the strong wind. When emergency aid reached there, the boat was half full with water, which was up to half of the height of many people. In total 107 people were rescued from the boat. Italian coast guards continued the search to save others who might have been scattered there. Similar inflatable boats carrying up to 140 people each have become common, and the number of deaths at sea could rise. This pathetic event happened when Italian authorities were preparing to bury the 700 people who died in the most outrageous accident at sea. The boat which sunk in the coast of Sicily Island was pulled up from 370 meters underwater. Most of the passengers were locked in under the deck, and their corpses are still buried inside the boat. Human traffickers are trying to benefit from the fact that refugees are hopeful that the weather will be calm and good. On that day, Italian coast guards rescued 116 people from the sea between Libya and Sicily
8	Ten women died off the coast of Libya. June 30, 2016: In the strait of Sicilia, 32km away from the Libyan coast, 10 women were found dead in a plastic rescue boat. On Thursday, June 30, when the Italian Coast Guard arrived following a distress call, the 10 women were found dead of suffocation and crushed by more than 100 other passengers and drowned in the water that flooded the boat. The inflatable boat wasn't strong enough to withstand the heavy waves and strong wind. The rescuers said that the boat had accumulated so much water that the passengers were found with half of their bodies submerged in the water. In total, 107 people were rescued from the boat, and the Italian coast guards continued their search for more survivors. The number of casualties is expected to rise, as it is normal these days for such inflatable boats to be found carrying up to 140 people. This sorrowful incident happened at a time when the Italian authorities were preparing to collectively bury the bodies of more than 700 people who died in another fatal sea accident in 2015. The boat that was sunk in the Sicilia was recovered from a depth of 370m. As most passengers were locked inside their cabins during the accident, most of the bodies were found inside the recovered boat. In order to get income, smugglers are nowadays misleading refugees into believing that the weather conditions of the Mediterranean are good and stable. On that day, the Italian Coast Guard rescued 116 people in the waters between Sicilia and Libya
10 8	The protest which has settled down in different towns of Oromia, is again continuing this week. Furthermore in eastern Harare town of Qobo it was known that people took out to the street demanding their voices to be heard
10 8	The public protest first erupted in various towns of Oromia region seemed to have died down until it continues in this week. It was learnt that residents of Kobo town in East Hararghe zone took to the streets to protest
10 8	As we have understood from the source, in east Harer, Federal police took similar measures that injured several numbers of people
10 8	Similarly, at the protests in East Hararghe, the federal police shot the protesters and injured several people, according to the information
8	However, Mr. Zeid Al Hasan from the U.N. said the discussions which started in January between his office and Ethiopian officials, after the government of Ethiopia killed civilian protesters, have not been fruitful
8	However, the United Nations' Zaid al Hussein said in his statement that the talks between his office and Ethiopian officials, which started following the Ethiopian government's killing in January of demonstrators, did not bear results thus far
8	During the press conference he gave on Wednesday, he mentioned that his office is talking to Ethiopian officials, and demanded that the Amhara and Oromo regions be open to observers and also for those arrested during protests to be freed
8	In the statement he made on Wednesday, he indicated that his office was in talks with the Ethiopian officials and called on the Ethiopian government to allow observers access to the Amhara and Oromia regions and to immediately release those civilians who were detained during the demonstrations
8	In the city of Debre Tabor at least three people were killed in a workers' strike, and similarly in the city of Dur Biete, three people have been killed, the Ethiopian Union Party reported
8	In Debre Tabor, a strike has taken effect and at least three people were killed. Meanwhile, in the town Dur Betu, three individuals were similarly killed, All Ethiopia Unity Party has stated
10 8	Similarly, reports indicated that in the city of Bure one man was killed and three others wounded
10 8	It has also been reported that one individual was killed during a demonstration that similarly took place in the town of Bure
8	The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the government of Ethiopia, in a briefing it gave to foreign diplomats in the country, confirmed that the protests are legal but said certain individuals were trying to use it for personal benefit
8	In a briefing to foreign diplomats resident in the country, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, on its part, stated that although the questions raised by the demonstrators were legitimate, some parties have been conspiring to exploit them
8	People-media-administrative bodies ************************** by Bruk Berhanu in sub-zone Tselemti, the city of May Tselemti, I think a serious crime was committed (in TG-TV recently...
8	The people - the media - Administrative bodies ********* by Bruk Berhanu. It seems to me a serious crime has taken place in the town of Mai Tsebri in Tselemti District. (On Tigray TV, the other day ...
10	Eritrean prisoners of war in Djibouti ask for help to get attentio
10	Eritrean prisoners of war in Djibouti ask for help to receive attention
10 8	An eye witness says a bomb was hurled at the Jimma University and students were wounded.
10 8	A bomb was thrown at Jimma University, injuring students, one eyewitness has said.
8	Somalia: The suicide attack was carried out by a member of parliament: A suicide attacker who killed 13 people in the capital city of Somalia, Mogadishu, was a member of par...
8	Somalia: It has been reported that the suicide bomber was a member of parliament. The suicide bomber, who killed 13 people yesterday, Tuesday, in the capital city of Somalia, was a member of ....
4	Republican contenders clash over the issue of terrorism and security: in the 5[th] round of debate Republican contenders for the American presidency; national security and foreign affairs...
4	Republican candidates disagree on issues of terrorism and security. In the fifth debate of Republican candidates for US president, which took place yesterday, national security and foreign policy...
8	Based on the information found from the spot, since the students of the University of Science and Technology in Adama supported the public protest in the Oromo state, and as they protest their hate over the ruling regime, EPRDF, on hunger strike this week, it shocked the higher officials of the regime as it was an unexpected and are confused on what actions to take over them.The dictatorial regime of EPRDF are killing innocent fellows by shooting, also are detaining and torturing thousands of innocent fellows and unless this illegal action stops the protesters will continue the hunger strike protest,, explains the information we received from the participant of the protest
8	According to information we received, students at the Science and Technology University in Adama city, went on a hunger strike this week, in support of the popular uprising in Oromia Region and to show their objection to the ruling EPRDF regime. This was an unexpected and disorienting form of protest for the regime that is at a loss as to what measures to take against them. The information we received from participants in the protest indicated that the protesters have said they would continue their hunger strike until the dictatorial EPRDF regime stops its illegal acts of shooting and killing civilians and imprisoning and torturing thousands of citizens
8	The people who live in the state of Oromia, zone of eastern and western Harergie cities and villages are engaged in very strong demonstration
8	The population of the towns and villages of West and East Hararge, in Oromia Region, is currently staging strong protests
10 8	As the information declared, right now in our country we have a lot of areas still in protest, especially in the area of eastern and wetern Harergie, in Harinachero city subzone Adikulu. On 29 Decembers 2008 in the morning from 6-9 o'clock, the cities and villages of Mossi performed strong protest. The demonstrators came with slogans "The EPRDF should lead and work in politics but should not use power to oppress people and opponent parties".During the protest in the city of Choro 20 people has been heavily wounded by the security of the regime
10 8	The information further stated that while demonstrations are underway in many regions of our country, especially in East and West Hararge and in Chiro town, in Adakulu district, large protests took place from 6 to 9 on Tahsas 29 2008 E.C. in the towns and villages of Meiso in which protesters chanted: "The EPRDF should act and lead through politics, not by violently suppressing the people and the protesters." In Chiro town alone, 20 demonstrators were seriously injured by the ruling regime's security forces, it has been learned
8	Geneva (June 8, 2016) - Crimes against humanity have been committed in a widespread and systematic manner in Eritrean detention facilities, military training camps and other locations across the country over the past 25 years, according to a new report by the UN Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in Eritrea, released Wednesday
8	Geneva (8 June 2016) -- Crimes against humanity have been committed in a widespread and systematic manner in Eritrean detention facilities, military training camps and other locations across the country over the past 25 years, according to a new report by the UN Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in Eritrea
8	"Eritrea is an authoritarian State
8	Eritrea is an authoritarian state
8	Based on the information we received from the region, agricultural and other office workers in south Omo and Hamer said they will stop work in opposition to the injustice that the federal police are crying out against the residents of Hamer and will conduct a peaceful opposition demonstration
8	According to information we received from that area, employees working in agriculture and other offices in South Omo and Hamer stopped work and held a rally to protest abuses committed by the Federal police against the residents of Hamer
8	Agricultural and other office workers in south Omo and Hamer conducted an opposition peaceful demonstration against the occupying EPRDF regime
8	Employees working in agriculture and other offices in South Omo and Hamer held a protest rally against the EPRDF ruling regime
8	A human rights agency claims Ethiopian security forces killed 400 people: Human Rights Watch said Ethiopian Security Forces in...
8	Human rights advocates say Ethiopian security forces killed 400 people. According to the human rights advocacy group, Human Rights Watch, Ethiopian security forces from...
10	The Eritrean government stated that its forces killed over 200 Ethiopian soldiers and wounded over 300 soldiers, the government of Eritrea said, its forces, on Sunday in the border...
10	Eritrean government stated that its forces have killed over 200 Ethiopian soldiers and wounded more than 300 others. In ... on the two countries' border on Sunday ... the Eritrean government forces ...
8	Brussels the capital city of Belgium is shaken by bomb attacks that wasted tens of lives. While the two bomb attacks were at the Brussels airport the third...
8	Belgian capital Brussels rocked by three bomb attacks that have taken tens of lives. While two bomb attacks were at Brussels airport, the ...
10	The number of Ethiopian children with heart disease is increasing.
10	In Ethiopia the number of children with heart disease is increasing.
1	In Dubai, "The Address" building caught fire.: Today Thursday evening, while tourists were watching the fireworks in the skies, the sky scrapper building "The Address" caught fire.
1	A Dubai building "The Address", caught fire: Today, Thursday evening, guests at the Dubai modern sky scraper, "The Address', who were waiting for New Year's celebratory torches, were instead faced with a fire blaze.
1	"The Address" building caught fire.:
1	A Dubai building, "The Address", caught fire.
10	The contagious cholera disease which started in Quayih and Dembelas areas of Eritrea is now being transmitted to Gash Barka zone, sources in Eritrea indicated
10	In Eritrea, a serious cholera outbreak was initially observed in the areas of Qohayen and Dembelas. It is said to have spread to the Barka region, sources from Eritrea reported
10	In Eritrea, a serious outbreak of cholera was observed in the areas of Qohayen and Dembelas. It is said to have spread to the Barka region, sources from Eritrea reported
10	There are reports of the occurrence of cholera epidemic in neighboring countries like Sudan and Ethiopia
10	The outbreak of cholera was also observed in neighboring countries such as Ethiopia and Sudan, news media reported
8	The Human rights board of European parliament explained that following the Public oppositions in Oromo region last year, European parliament had prepared emergency discussions by presenting for the parliament to take an absolute decision over the Ethiopian Government. Since it is not clear why Dr. Merara Gudina was detained,the Human rights board of European parliament is calling the EPRDF regime to answer itsrequests
8	Following the public protests of last year in Oromia region, the European Parliament held emergency forum and the Human Rights Committee submitted a resolution to demand the European Union to take critical measures against the government of Ethiopia. The committee stated that the reason for the arrest of Dr. Merera Gudina is not yet known and demanded the EPRDF government to comply with the demand from the European Parliament's Human Rights Committee
10 8	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously wounded and 19 lightly wounded because of the bomb that exploded at the Anwar mosque. Today that a bomb exploded at the Anwar mosque that is located in Addis Ababa, to the ...
10 8	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously injured and 19 others suffered mild injuries in a bomb explosion in Anwar Mosque. The bomb explosion took place today in Anwar Mosque in Addis Ababa, an official ...
8	The army in the forces have opposed and condemned the action that was taken against the peoples of Oromo who were demonstrating peacefully, after an assessment discussion done by the EPRDFin all the defense forces.It has been known that the army condemned unanimously the action that was taken against the demonstrators . They said that while such a torture is being committed to our people imposed by the government,whom to protect should we stay vagrant here in the wild
8	In the assessment discussions convened by the ruling EPRDF regime for all members of the defense forces, the army condemned the barbaric actions taken by the regime against the peaceful Oromo demonstrators. It has been learnt that they unanimously resisted by saying: who are we protecting, when these atrocities are being committed against our people on government orders; and why are we moving endlessly from place to place
8	The peoples of Ambo town in the Oromo region have protested against the leaders of EPRDFto stop the actions taken on the people and to bring them to court
8	Residents of Ambo town in Oromia Region held a protest rally demanding EPRDF officials to stop the actions they are taking against the people and to be brought to justice
10 3	The people who live in the 2[nd] district, Welaelo of the Eastern zone of the Tigray region have been in shortage of safe water for years and they have been asked the governmental authorities to find solution for the problems, however no one was able to find solution and so the people are exposed to waterborne diseases
10 3	It has been years since the people who live in the district of Kilte Awlaelo, Western Zone, in Tigray Region, started to suffer for lack of clean drinking water. But since the concerned authorities in the zone and the district were unable to answer the peoples' question, at this moment the people are suffering from lack of clean water, and the use of contaminated water is exposing them to water-borne diseases
8	Besides, the people observed the administrators of the Atsbi Wenberta district were confiscating the food aid funded for the victims of draught by welfare agencies.Even though the government is singing for a goodwill administration, but there is nothing done practically, instead it is getting worse. So, it is known that the people are warning in that they will protest like what the people of Oromo are doing in opposing the regime's ill administration
8	Also, residents who observed that the administrators in the district of Atsbi Wenberta were using the aid that was given by charities for the benefit of the people affected by draught in the district, and apart from chanting about good governance to be implemented, there was no proper administration in reality, but is getting worse. It was learned that they are opposing the system ineffectively by saying they will carry out protests like that of the Oromo peopl
8	Based on the sources of our information:nowadays in all regions of Oromo it is confirmed that the oppositions against the oppressive party EPRDF is strengthened and continuing. Besides as continuation to this the university found in Lekemiti town has been interrupted from its daily activities for over one week due to the student's protest, reported our sources from that area
8	According to our sources, the popular uprising against the oppressive ruling regime of EPRDF is on the rise and is presently continuing in all of Oromia Region. Because of this, the university in Lekemti has been closed for over a week now, due to student protests, according to our sources from the area
10	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul-Turkey: about 10 people died and another 15 were wounded because of the suicide bomb attack in the city of Istanbul.
10	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul, Turkey. 10 people killed and 15 others injured in a suicide bomb attack that took place in Istanbul city. Presi...
10 8	The information indicates, the Oromia region president Mukhtar Kedir in relation to the spontaneous popular opposition that was ignited following the announcement issued regarding Addis Ababa and the towns in the special area in the Oromia region surrounding Addis Ababa, the actions that were taken by the federal police who killed over 100 and seriously injured others numbering in the thousands and kidnapped, and for what they did, it was learned that they were given a work praise by the president of the region. of th
10 8	According to information we received, Oromia Region president, Muktar Kedir, praised and thanked the Federal police who killed more than 100 and seriously injured or kidnapped thousands, as they took measures targeting innocent citizens during the sudden popular protests following the proclamation concerning Addis Ababa city and the towns in the special zone around Addis Ababa, within Oromia Region
10 8	The federal police who were dispatched to quell the unrest that was ignited in the Oromia region were praised by the Mukhtar Kedir the president of the region
10 8	The Federal police who were sent to suppress the people's resistance in Oromia Region have been praised by the Region's president, Muktar Kedir
4	The report from our sources in that area, explains that in the western zone Tigray district Kafta Humora, the administrators who were appointed by the EPRDF regime were harming the society by their corruptive and irresponsible managements.At this time these corruptive administrators are dismissed from their authority by the extensive public oppositions and demands
4	According to information sent by our sources in the area, the TPLF/EPRDF-ruling-regime-appointed irresponsible administrators of Kafta Humera district in Western Tigray Zone, who were making the people suffer because of their corrupt practices, have been fired from their positions in response to a large demonstration by the residents of the Zone in which they demanded their removal
4	It has been reported that in the western zone, administrators are being fired from their leadership for their corruptive managements by the people's demonstration
4	Administrators in the Western Zone are being rejected by the people and removed from their positions for their corrupt practices, it has been reported
8	witnesses say that the way the 14 people were killed in an attack yesterday in Gambella, is horrible.
8	Eyewitnesses say that the violence that killed 14 people in Gambela yesterday was horrible.
8	As the sources indicated , it has been explained that in Aderie surrounding of the Oromo region, in the western province of Welega, a vehicle which was used by the administrators of the district was set to fire by the people on25[th],February, 2008.At this time the protest against the evil regime in the entire Oromo region is intensifying with more strength. Instead of finding solutions and accepting the demands of people, the regime is trying to oppress the protests using guns. However, this increases the irritation of the people, and hence the oppressed people are becoming disastrous to the properties of the authorities and cadres
8	Information that reached us from the area indicates that, on Lekatit 25, 2008 E.C., in a locality called Adere, Nunu district, Western Wellega, Oromia region, the people set on fire a car that belongs the district administrators. At a time when a focused and heightened resistance is going on in Oromia Region against the cruel regime, instead of finding a lasting solution for the people's demands, the regime is trying to quash it with military power, but the wronged and embittered people are increasingly rising up, and it was stated they are taking action against the properties of the regimes' authorities and cadres
8	It has been reported that in the western Welega, Nunu district at a place called Aderie, a vehicle which belongs to the district administration was set on fire by the people
8	It was learned that people set a private car on fire in a locality called Adere in the Nunu district of Western Wellega
8	In Mediterranean Sea the lives of 500 refugees have been lost in the last 10 weeks TMP-31/03/2017 The death toll of refugees who died in the Mediterranean Sea during the first 10 weeks of 2017 has surpassed the figure for the same season last year, the IOM explained. A department that records the number of people unaccounted for has revealed that from January up to 14 March of this year the number of refugees who lost their lives in Mediterranean Sea is believed to be over 525. Until 14 March, a total of 19,653 refugees have crossed the Mediterranean Sea and reached Europe, out of which 80% have reached Italy and the rest reached Spain and Greece, the IOM reports. While the number of refugees from North Africa and other parts of the world reaching Europe has decreased compared to the same time last year, the number of deaths has increased significantly from 482 to 525, when compared to the same time frame in 2016. However, the number of refugees who have reached Italy from the coast of Libya against tough sea conditions has doubled when compared to last year's figure. According to the report, so far 14,000 have reached Italy, and this figure is double that of the same time frame last year
8	In the span of ten weeks, more than 500 refugees lose their lives in the Mediterranean Sea TMP - 31/03/2017. The International Organization of Migration (IOM) stated that the number of illegal migrants who died in the Mediterranean Sea in the first ten weeks of 2017 surpassed the number reported in the corresponding period of last year. According to information released by a department in that international organization responsible for documenting missing refugees, the number of refugees who died in the Mediterranean Sea from January to March 14[th] this year is more than 525. IOM's data indicates that, as of March 14[th], 19,653 illegal migrants have crossed the Mediterranean into Europe, of which 80 percent arrived in Italy, while the rest have landed in Spain and Greece. Although the number of illegal migrants from various parts of North Africa and other regions who have arrived in Europe is smaller compared to figures from the same period last year, the death of more than 525 refugees this year in the span of 10 weeks is far greater than the number of deaths, amounting to 482, registered in the corresponding period in 2016. However, the update by the International Organization of Migration indicates that the number of refugees embarking on dangerous journeys across the Mediterranean from the Libyan coast and arriving in Italy has doubled compared to the previous year. According to this information, more than 14,000 illegal migrants have thus far arrived in Italy, which is twice the number recorded last year
8	The information we received indicated, the delegates of the European Union added, to safeguard the peace and stability of the country, the ruling occupational EPRDF regime has to pursue a peaceful solution, and also to reduce the number of Ethiopian refugees and to bring about lasting solution and though they met with authorities in the ministry of foreign affairs of the regime and shared their views, however, the ruling EPRDF tyrannical regime that is afraid from risking the continuation of its power is continuing its increased killing and arresting of Oromo nationals
8	In a meeting with officials at the regime's foreign ministry, the European Union delegation further shared their views on the need for the ruling EPRDF organization to do what is necessary to reach a peaceful resolution and to find a lasting solution to help reduce the migration of Ethiopians. However, fearful of losing power, the ruling clique of the dictatorial EPRDF regime, has continued and intensified its act of killing and imprisoning Oromo nationals, the information we received indicated
10	What everybody should know is that as long as PFDJ is in power, not only you will see Eritrea where peace, justice and equality prevails. Until we achieve this goal, we have to step up our struggle to respect the legacy of our martyrs
10	But what all the people should understand is that as long as the PFDJ is in power the country will have no peace; we should strengthen our struggle by keeping the martyr's pledges until we see a developed Eritrea ruled by justice, equality and law
8	29 people were killed in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, last Friday evening, heavy...
8	29 people died in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. The Capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou: In one of the big hotels last Friday evening heavy....
10	London: an attack with a knife was carried out. A Somali who killed a woman and wounded five others in London with extremism and terror..
10	London: A knife attack has taken place. The attack in which a Somali man in central London killed a woman and wounded five others using a knife, ... with extremism and terrorism.
8	RT @asmarinoen: #eritrea Criminals exposed to the world. The cruelty of Eritrea is horrific and truthfully citizens were wasted in mass and individually cruelty became a fashion power is monopolized grain holes became the grave for people http://t..
8	RT @asmarinoen: #eritrea, Criminals exposed in the world. Eritrea's brutality truly harrowing; citizens die en masse and separately; oppression has become a fashion; power monopolized; humans buried in grain pits. ... http://t..
10	The drought in Ethiopia is the worst in the history of the country, and as a result 8.2 million people are at risk, reported Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn
10	The current drought is the worst in the country's history, as a result of which 8.2 million people are at risk, Ethiopia's prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, has officially confirmed
8	In the Tigray region of the north western Zone from peoples who are living in Laelay Adiyabo area of Adi Kelete: Mr.Tesfay Teklemariam and Mr. Yohannes Teferi had been tortured in detention by the regimes soldiers due to the accusation that says they have link with the opposition group DMTP (Demhit). In addition to this people who are living in this area are in big social problem because they are banned from using their agricultural land
8	According to information we received, in a locality called Adi Kilte in Adyabo district, Northwestern Zone, Tigray Region, two of the residents, Mr. Tesfai Teklemariam and Mr. Yohannes Teferi, have been subjected to beatings and incarceration by soldiers of the ruling regime, accusing them of having contact with the TPDM organization. Moreover, the inhabitants of the area are exposed to hardship after being banned from utilizing farming land they had been using previously
10	World Health Organization says that three quarters of death are causes related to neighborhood protection
10	The World Health Organization says three quarters of deaths in the world are related to environmental care.
7 8	Mali: attack in hotel has left three persons dead; The attack in the capital city of Mali, in Bakimo Randon Hotel has left three dead and hostages...
7 8	Mali: Three people killed in an attack that took place in a hotel: In the attack that took place in the Radisson Blue hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, 3 persons were killed and ... taken hostage.
10	RT @VOATigrigna: In drought affected areas of Somalia, there is fear of a cholera out break
10	RT @VOATigrigna: It has been reported that cholera is spreading in Somalia, which is facing famine.
7 8	It was learned that Ethiopian troops entered South Sudan to bring back kidnapped children., Ethiopian troops entered South Sudan, where the kidnapped from the Gambella zone are believed to include children....
7 8	It is suspected that the Ethiopian army has entered South Sudan to bring back the abducted children: The Ethiopian military by entering South Sudan is aiming to bring back people, including about 100 children abducted from Gambela.
8 3	The condition of refugees arriving in Sudan and their path of trip is awful. The influx of South Sudan refugees is attributed to the dwindling of food storage in the country
8 3	The UNHCR spokesperson explained that those who arrive in Sudan are in bad condition because of the dangerous journey that they make, and that the flow of South Sudanese emigrants will increase due to the deteriorating food shortages
1	In the past two months alone, around 38,000 people from eastern and southern Darfur have fled to Sudan
1	He added that 38,000 people from eastern and southern Darfur emigrated to Sudan in the past two months alone
8	Police investigation continue to ascertain whether the killing of a British member of parliament is connected to ultra-rightists.
8	Police continue investigating possible connection to the far right of the murder of British member of parliament.
10	The Bomb explosion that happened at the Anwar mosque in Addis Ababa while our innocent Muslim believer citizens were performing Friday prayer and the serious and light damage it caused, even if it is a result of the anti-people occupational regime, the Tigray peoples' Democratic Movement condemns such sad incident from being repeated
10	Reminding that the Tahasas First bomb attack on innocent Muslims as they performed their Friday prayers at Anwar Mosque in Addis Ababa, and the resulting serious and moderate injuries, was the outcome of the ruling anti-people EPRDF regime, the Tigray people's Democratic Movement strongly condemns this act and calls for such tragedy not to be repeated against innocent citizens
10 8	In recent weeks the cities' masterplan announcement that occupational regime had earlier issued, without first talking with the people, it has embarked on implementing in immediately in the surroundings of Addis Ababa and Finfine and some other towns of Oromia, without any explanation or observation, what followed was in the Haremaya University; in the towns of Lekemte, Adama, Assela, Ambo town, University of Ambo, Gimbi and other towns, have opposed the masterplan and went on demonstration against the illegal masterplan that doesn't confirm the benefit of the people
10 8	In the past few weeks, the ruling regime, without prior consultations with the people, issued a proclamation on a master plan for cities and tried to implement it, with no understanding or sensibility, in the suburbs of Addis Ababa Finfine and some cities in Oromia Region. Consequently, demonstrations broke out among Haramaya University students, as well as in the cities of Lekmte, Adama, Asela, Ambo, Ambo University, Ginbi and other towns, in opposition to this master plan that lacks public support and serves no interest of the people
10 4 8	An organizations statement issued by TPLF the EPRDF leaders, using a pretext language and cover of development that doesn't make its basis the people's benefits, and leaves aside the interest of citizens, and to elongate the time of their authority and following the announcements that doesn't represent the people, and so that the people will not demonstrate carrying the question of rights, and for the EPRDFites to rain on the people with bullets bearings in manners worse than the previous regimes. have counted a quarter of a century. because of these evil deeds, inflicting on the people leaving aside what can be considered heavy financial and material loss, the lives of considerable number of innocent compatriots in this country has been wasted. In recent weeks the cities' masterplan announcement that occupational regime had earlier issued, without first talking with the people, it has embarked on implementing in immediately in the surroundings of Addis Ababa and Finfine and some other towns of Oromia, without any explanation or observation, what followed was in the Haremaya University; in the towns of Lekemte, Adama, Assela, Ambo town, University of Ambo, Gimbi and other towns, have opposed the masterplan and went on demonstration against the illegal masterplan that doesn't confirm the benefit of the people. To quell the unrest that started to stop this movement that is directed against the benefits of the people, the step taken by the regime's security forces who used force killed with bullets innocent university students and peaceful people, have become exposed to wounding and arrest and The Tigrai Peoples' Democratic Movement TPDM strongly condemns it. Dear Ethiopian people this situation that has not be resolved, the broad opposition that has started against the EPRDF, has crossed the nationals of the Oromo region and has reached beyond the control of the regime, and has been able to expand to other regions and towns. Though such views and sentiments that doesn't make the people its center is broadly being carried out by the regime on the people of Tigrai, to prevent the people of Tigrai from finding its voice and to talk and not to oppose, if they were not reigned on and oppressed, it is know the people of Tigrai would not find benefit of interests from other Ethiopian brethren, therefore it is important to realize the EPRDF regime doesn't represent the people of Tigrai. And it should be clear to anyone that such feeling of the people that is difficult to suppress will explode in a short time and bring about a lasting solution and the suffocation that is hovering over the people by the EPRDF regime that doesn't have any delegation of the people and is the root cause of all the problems, can stop only when it is removed from power. Our dear people, the anti EPRDF movements that you are carrying out believing in this truth and seeking change, we remind you to strengthen your unity and to continue, the Tigray peoples' Democratic Movement TPDM is on your side in any form of struggle that you conduct and makes it knows that it will provide help that is required to do that. The Bomb explosion that happened at the Anwar mosque in Addis Ababa while our innocent Muslim believer citizens were performing Friday prayer and the serious and light damage it caused, even if it is a result of the anti-people occupational regime, the Tigray peoples' Democratic Movement condemns such sad incident from being repeated. Tigray peoples' Democratic Movement TPDM December 2008 A
10 4 8	Organizational statement issued by TPDM Under the guise of the language of development foundation, the EPRDF leaders have from time to time been issuing proclamations that are neither based on the people's welfare nor representative of the people, but encroach on citizens and prolong their own stay in power. The citizens kept demonstrating to protect their interests and rights, while the EPRDF types are bent on quashing them in a manner worse than that of previous regimes. It has been a quarter of a century. Consequently, in addition to heavy financial and material losses inflicted on the people and the country, many innocent citizens lost their lives in the streets. In the past few weeks, the ruling regime, without prior consultations with the people, issued a proclamation on a master plan for cities and tried to implement it, with no understanding or sensibility, in the suburbs of Addis Ababa Finfine and some cities in Oromia Region. Consequently, demonstrations broke out among Haramaya University students, as well as in the cities of Lekmte, Adama, Asela, Ambo, Ambo University, Ginbi and other towns, in opposition to this master plan that lacks public support and serves no interest of the people. To crash the uprising that started to stop this move directed against the people's interests, the regime's security forces took aggressive measures, shooting and killing university students and other civilians, and injuring and jailing countless others. The Tigray People's Democratic Movement strongly condemns these actions. Esteemed people of Ethiopia. As the situation has not been resolved, the large protests unfolding against the EPRDF group, are getting out of the regime's control and have spread beyond the nationals of Oromia Region into other Regions and cities. Although the ruling regime's policies, which are not centered on the views and sentiments of the population, are widely practiced on the Tigray people, the people of Tigray have been stifled and bridled by a special harness to prevent them from expressing in unison their grievances and from protesting and organizing. Otherwise, the people of Tigray do not have interests and benefits different from those of other brotherly peoples of Ethiopia. Thus, it is necessary to understand that the EPRDF regime does not represent the Tigray people. It should be clear to all that the people's feelings, which cannot be stifled for long, will soon erupt and bring about a lasting solution. And if the risk of devastation hanging over the people and the country, which is created by the oppression, is to be stopped, the ruling EPRDF regime, which is the source of all the problems and lacks any responsibility towards the people, must be removed from power. Our esteemed people: You should strengthen the unity of your ranks and continue the struggle you are waging against the EPRDF based on your conviction in this truth. The Tigray People's Democratic Movement (TPDM) affirms that it shall stand by you in all forms of struggle you pursue and provide all assistance required from it. Reminding that the Tahasas First bomb attack on innocent Muslims as they performed their Friday prayers at Anwar Mosque in Addis Ababa, and the resulting serious and moderate injuries, was the outcome of the ruling anti-people EPRDF regime, the Tigray people's Democratic Movement strongly condemns this act and calls for such tragedy not to be repeated against innocent citizens. Tigray People's Democratic Movement, TPDM, Tahsas 2008 E.C
8	Based on the information that we found the announcement that was issued by the EPRDF occupation regime saying it was the Addis Ababa city masterplan, the opposition that was ignited being against the announcement in 150 towns in the Oromia region, in the opposition that started on December 2, 2008 AD in west Shoa and South West Shoa alone, 25 innocent people were killed
8	According to the news received, the unrest started in 150 towns of the Oromia Region to protest the proclamation on the new master plan for Addis Ababa and its environs issued by the ruling regime. On Tahsas 12, 2008 E.C. alone, in the protests that took place in West Sewa and South-West Shewa, 25 innocent civilians were killed
8	After explaining that the opposition that was ignited in the Oromia region on December 3, 2008 continued in West Shoa Bako and also in West Wellega in Nejo district in Wera Jirru; in Anchuma Gore and town of Gida
8	The protest that erupted in Oromia Region continued on Tahsas 3, 2008 E.C. in Bako, Western Shewa, as well as in Wra Juru, Anchuma Guri, and Gida town, Nejo district, in Western Welega
8	It was learned from the information that the popular unrest that has started in the entire Oromia region in a serious and heightened opposition to the announcement, the EPRDF occupational regime is concerned because the soldiers it dispatched to disperse the opposition are saying they will not shoot at their own people and that they will not accept a minister of defense who obeys the TPLF and they are taking off their military camouflaged uniforms in the streets and burning it, and after throwing away their arms they are joining the people. that wa
8	Concerned by the unrest spreading to the entire Oromia Region, and the heightened and expanding opposition to the proclamation, the ruling EPRDF clique deployed troops to disperse the protests. However, the soldiers are joining the people, after burning their military uniforms on the streets and laying down their arms, saying they would not shoot at their own people and would not accept a minister of defense who takes his orders from individuals in the TPLF leadership, the information has indicated
8	Also it was learned that in the town of Buraye secondary school students blocked the way to the fence of the soldiers with stones
8	Moreover, it has been learned that secondary school students in the town of Burayu put stone barriers on the road to prevent soldiers from entering the premises
10 8	The UN office for human rights reported that since Saudi Arabia started bombing Yemen about 3,500 peaceful people have been killed and about 6,300 were wounded
10 8	More than 3,500 civilians were killed and 6,300 injured since S. Arabia began bombing Houthi fighters in Yemen, the UN office for Human Rights has indicated.
10	Those of you who want to convey your condolences to the family of Ermias
10	If you wish to send condolences to the family of Ermias, you can write to the following web Our son Ermias Mesfin Habtezgi has passed away into eternal rest on April 27, 2016, due to sudden ailments and after being hospitalized in Phoenix, Arizon
4	the conflict of Pope Francis with Ditta Donal Trump. The leader of the Catholic church drowned himself in the American election fry. The republican camp...
4	Catholic Pope Francis clashes with Donald Trump: Catholic Pope finds himself immersed in America's presidential contest. To the Republican camp ...
8	Sources from the city reported that, in Amhara region southern zone of Gonder,Gayten district, a man from Nefas Mai Chew, Mr. Dembelash Yideg attacked by stick a cadre by the name Belachew Alamrew on 6[th], March, 2008, after observing that the administrators of the district openly corrupted the food aid which was donated by relief agencies and countries for the victims of famine and drought
8	As reported by our sources in the city, residents of Nfas Mawcha town, in Gayint district, South Gndar Zone, Amhara Region, have been observing the district administrators practicing discrimination in the distribution of grain that had come from donor organizations and countries to help the vulnerable and those affected by drought. On Megabit 6, 2008, a certain Mr. Dembelash Yideg, in front of the people gathered to receive aid, hit the district public relations officer, Belachew Alamrew, in the head with a stick and threw him to the ground
10 8	It has been told that the army of the western command in the region of Amhara found at the border of the Baharedar had clashed with Sudanese army, which created casualties by the Ethiopian soldiers
10 8	Ethiopian soldiers suffered fatalities and injuries in a clash that took place between the Western Command army, based around Bahir Dar in Amhara Region, and Sudanese troops
4	in a self initiated step to attack Hedri troops, troops commanded by the shameful PFDJ regime received a conclusive slap by the brave Hidri troops, leaving its dead and wounded, a to save itself escaped to a village named Adi Shehay from where it forcefully left
4	Troops directed by the reprehensible PFDJ regime attempted to attack Hidri army, but were conclusively repelled by the brave fighters of Hidri army. They fled leaving their wounded and dead, returning to Adi Shehay, the place they had been forcibly dispatched from
8	The bloody battle that took place on February 16, 2016 from 6:00am morning to 9:00 mid-morning in Akele Guzai in the surroundings of Tserona, in the middle of Hahaso and Qenitto was caused by the provoking and instigating troops that departed from Adi Shehay in an the initiative that the PFDJ troops took
8	This bloody battle that went on from 6 am to 9 am, on February 16, 2016, was triggered by the frantic and provocative action of the PFDJ army that had advanced from Adi Shehay, in the Tsorona area of Akele Guzai, towards Has'haso and Qinito
3	Xinhua News revealed that the drought disaster affected around 80,000 square km of arable land in the Ili valley of Xinjiang. The production of wheat, corn, and crops will probably be reduced 40% this year. A Uyghur farmer from Qapqal country reported: "We should not maintain any hope for food production because we might lose everything that we have invested this year
3	According to the Xinhua news agency, the drought-affected cultivated land in the Ili valley reached 80,000 hectares. It is estimated that the harvest of wheat, corn and other oil crops would be reduced 40% this year. A Uyghur farmer who live in Chapchal County said: "We have no hopes regarding the grain production, because the amount we invested is the amount we will lose.
3	The Voice of Turkey News: from July 8[th] , 2014 to July 8[th] , 2014, Henan province was severely affected by drought. 15 out of the 16 rivers passing the city of Dengfeng dried up. The water level of reservoirs in many cities was severely reduced
3	According toTurkey Sound Radio, Hunan province was under a heavy drought. 15 rivers out of 16 were dried out in Dengfeng city. Water levels in many reservoirs reached the danger level
1 3	Drinking water was delivered to regions that had difficulty accessing clean water. The same situation happened in Inner Mongolia as well. A water shortage problem happened, affecting four hundred and twenty people and more than two million livestock
1 3	Water has been transported into those areas facing a drinkable water shortage. The situation was the same in Inner Mongolia. 420 people and 2 million livestock were suffering from a shortage of drinkable water
3	180 thousand acres of land were destroyed, and 4 million dollars were donated to help. In Hubei, the number of people who were affected by the drought came to 800 thousand. The precipitation in the drought disaster areas decreased 80% compared to the same seasons in the past
3	180 Qing areas were affected, 4 million dollars sent for their relief. Up to 800 thousand people were affected by the drought. Precipitation levels had dropped 80% in those places where drought occurred
10 1 7	For Feb 12 Earthquake's relief works. > Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on the relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on Feb 15 about relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Keriya County. The condition of the earthquake rescue mission and earthquake relief works were published in the press. This earthquake's magnitude was high. The tremor was strong, and its radius was wide, which affected 44 townships (neighborhoods), markets and pastures, in Keriye, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, Hotan Counties and Hotan City. 455,573 people suffered in this disaster
10 1 7	An announcement to deal with the earthquake and provide relief regarding the February 12th earthquake Hotan Prefecture held a press conference in order to deal with the earthquake and provide relief for the February 12th earthquake that occurred in Keriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on February 15th, in order to cope with the quake and to save lives in the 7.3-magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriye County. They issued a general announcement about how to cope with the earthquake and provide disaster relief. This earthquake's magnitude level was high, the damage level was strong and the effected area was large. The earthquake not only effected Keriye, Niye, Chira, Lop, Karakash and Hotan counties, but also 44 townships (neighborhood committees) and animal husbandry farms belonging to Hotan City. A total of 455,573 residents have been affected by the disaster
1 7	Forest Fire Hits Israel A large fire broke out near Beit Shemesh on July 24 and the people in the area have been evacuated. Casualty figures unclear so far. This was the largest forest fire disaster since the new year in Israel according to the information. The Israeli government sent 150 firefighters and 13 helicopters to the affected area
1 7	There was a forest fire in Israel. At the local time of July 24, a forest fire broke out in Beit Shemesh, a city near the center of Israel. Citizens near the fire area had been evacuated in emergency, and so far no casualties were reported. This was the largest forest fire this year in Israel. Thirteen firefighting planes and more than 150 firemen were dispatched to the area
7	The rescue from danger and disaster activities began rapidly. Xinjiang Group of the People's Armed Police Force began the rescue from danger and disaster activities rapidly. At 19 minutes past 5 o'clock p.m, Feb 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the Kiriye County Xoten prefecture. The seismic origin was 12 kilometers in depth, of 24 thousand town residents, more than 9 thousand people were affected. Houses were damaged in different levels, 86 houses collapsed, and 187 livestock were killed
7	Emergency rescue work is being implemented Armed police force Xinjiang regional corps implemented the emergency rescue work with full strength. A magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 17:19 pm in February. The depth of epicenter was 12 km, the quake effected 2,400 villagers and more than 9,000 people. 891 houses experienced cracks in their walls to varying degrees, 86 houses collapsed and 187 livestock died
7	100 officers and solders from production troops headed to the disaster area. Within the five minutes after the earthquake, the Xinjiang Group of People's Armed Police Force came out with a plan for rescue from danger and disaster. 20 officers and solders of No 4 detachment of the Xoten contingent arrived at the Pishke village of Achchan town, the nearest township to the epicenter, by the time of 10 minutes past 7 o'clock p.m. Until the article was published, 20 tents had been made in the resident yard of Pishke village
7	100 officers and soldiers from the Production Battalion started their rescue trip to the earthquake affected area. Less than 5 minutes after the quake, armed police force Xinjiang regional corps established their emergency relief plan describing how to overcome the disaster. 20 officers and soldiers from the 4th squadron of the armed police force Hotan Prefecture division arrived at the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter. 20 army tents were set up on the grounds of the Pishke village residents' committee while this report was being announced
7	18-year-old Scottish teen Cameron Lancaster died in a tragedy linked to the "ice bucket challenge" recently, and his body was found in flooded quarry. Police in Scotland, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service, and the Scottish Ambulance Service were called to Preston Hill Quarry near Inverkeithing after 18-year-old Lancaster disappeared at around 5 p.m, on August 24th. His body was recovered at around 9 p.m. after four hours underwater. In a statement, Lancaster's family said: "Cameron died in a tragic accident. His death is such a great loss
7	The body of Cameron Lancaster, an 18-year-old Scottish boy, was recovered in a flooded quarry after he died in a tragedy linked to the "Ice Bucket Challenge." Emergency services -- Police Scotland, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service, and the Scottish Ambulance Service -- were called to search Preston quarry near Inverkeithing after the boy disappeared at around 5 p.m., local time, on the 24th. His body was recovered at around 9 p.m. after four hours of searching. In a statement, Lancaster's family said: "Cameron died in a tragic accident. His death was such a great loss and damage.
7	The people who lost their homes have been arranged in tents and the situation of the affected community has been relatively stable. The vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, Alijan ( on the left) and his team, is preparing the aids for the affected area. Alijan, the vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, is having his team members prepare lamb for the people in the affected area. The company employees are collecting donations. The Wechat thanks the heartwarming group of the Ilqi Company for calling on their employee all around Xinjiang. The Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company brought the love and passion for all of their employees to the affected area
7	The victims whose houses collapsed were living in the shelters, and their situation was keeping basically stable. On February 13, 2014, Alijan (on the left), the vice president of the Ilqi textile company supplied clothing, slaughtered sheep, and organized employees to donate money to the victims in affected area. After the Hotan Ilqi Company's friendly appeal to its employees in different places in Xinjiang via their WeChat platform, the Ilqi Wool Clothes company came to the disaster area with kind wishes to send their regards on behalf of all the Ilqi employees
1	The China-Pakistan railway was hit by a mudslide. The Xinhua Agency News: Bagdax Network: Ablimit translation: after continuous days of snowing and warmer weather, the snow started to melt rapidly. Some parts of the China-Pakistan Railway that connects Kashkar, Xinjiang and Hihwa, Hihwa were damaged. Currently, more than 100 buses and 500 people are trapped in the Pamir Mountains
1	Debris flow disaster occurred on China-Pakistan highway. Xinhua news: From Bagdax.net (Ablimit's translation): The snow for a few days and the warming weather accelerated the melting rate of ice and snow. More than 100 cars and more than 500 people were blocked in the Pamirs plateau by the debris flow, which ran from Kashgar to Hihwa of Pakistan on the China-Pakistan highway
3	0 Y6 k: W! H9 I0 D( L; g2 i0 N, K8 h$ C According to Xinhua (telegram), suffering from several factors like climate warming and increasing human activities, the glaciers of Xinjiang are melting more rapidly these days. To protect the "hard water reservoir" in dry regions during Xinjiang's "13[th] Five-Year Plan" time, ice travel will be limited overall
3	0 Y6 k: W! According to the Xinhua agency news, under the influence of climate warming and frequent human activities, glaciers in Xinjiang have been melting fast in recent years. In order to protect the "water reservoir" in the arid area, Xinjiang prohibited ice tourism during "the 13th Five-year Plan.
10	According to the Japanese Television Station NHK, more than 69 aftershocks of magnitude higher than 3 (2.5 3.5 magnitude) occurred. Regarding the small-scale eruption of Mount Aso on April 16, the Meteorological agencies showed that the eruption was a basic eruption. It cannot be determined whether the mountain became active or not after the earthquake. Japanese "Everyday News" reported that 19 people died due to an earthquake that happened today. Up to now, 28 people have died after two earthquakes up to April 14[th]
10	According to the Japan NHK TV news, higher than 3 (2.5-3.5) magnitude aftershocks have happened approximately 69 times. Japan Meteorology Department commented regarding the small scale of the eruption of Kumamoto Aso volcano and said that this belongs to the main scale of the eruption affected by the quake, because this volcano is particularly active it's hard to confirm its future changes. According to the news of "Daily News" of Japan, the quake that occurred this morning claimed 19 lives. To date, 28 have died during the two quakes that occurred since April 14
10 7	The 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan. President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time on Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
10 7	A 7.3-magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriye, Hotan President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye. Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions to the rescue workers
1 7	People.com news from Beijing on February 12. According to the news on the Xinjiang Seismological Bureau website, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake occurred in Keriya County, Hotan at 17:19, on February 12. A strong earthquake struck the Achchan township and Keriya County town, and cracks appeared in office walls. Casualties have been unclear so far. A farm in the Bingtuan (the Construction and Production Corps of the Chinese Army) that was 100 km away from the epicenter was also strongly affected. Cherchen County of Bayin'ghulin Prefecture also experienced a strong earthquake and people in Aksu City, Bay County, and Toqsu County in Aksu Prefecture felt strong earthquakes
1 7	People's net news from Beijing, on Feb 12th, According to the information provided by Xinjiang earthquake news: A magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Yutian County of Hotan district at 17:19 on Feb 12th (BJ time). Strong earthquake in Yutian County and Aqqan village had damaged a government office building, but caused no casualties. A pasture 100 km far away from the earthquake center felt a strong shaking sensation. Strong earthquakes also occurred in Bayingolin Mongolian Autonomous Prefecture, Qiemo county, Aksu district, Aksu City, Baicheng county and Wushi county also felt strong tremors
10	Aids - the agony of Xinjiang Adip edited the post at the end
10	AIDS is Xinjiang's pain. Adip edited this article at the end
10	Aids - the agony of Xinjiang Adip edited the post at the end. 13:21 18 -10-2015 Our brothers might remember I wrote an article titled "The most beautiful Chinese woman in Xinjiang" a couple days ago. In my article I personally expressed my gratitude to Mrs. Song Qingling, who earned people's respect by greatly contributing to the development of soccer in Xinjiang. 2. At the end of my article, I changed the subject from soccer, which is the hope of Xinjiang to Aids, which is the agony of Xinjiang and said that we were expecting the most beautiful Chinese lady in Xinjiang's Aids treatment and prevention campaign to please us. I mentioned that. 3. Actually, what I was implying was that the current first lady, Peng Liyuan, could do something for our Aids problems in Xinjiang. Nothing wrong with hoping for this. We Uyghur people have a proverb saying a mother does not breastfeed the baby if the baby does not cry. 4. The respected mother of the nation, Madam Peng Liyuan is a respected figure in the Aids campaign in China as well as all over the world. The coming of the first lady might make a new way for the research campaigns in Aids prevention that previously have not progressed. Also, it would be exciting if the first lady gives a speech to a of couple colleges in Xinjiang and would show support for young people of every nationality in Xinjiang. 5. http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-65040-1-1.html This was the post with the title "The most beautiful Chinese woman in Xinjiang." Right, Aids is the common voice of the whole society. I hope our online friends observe things in a practical way and not an emotional way. If the registered beauty shops for foot washing were closed, one way of transmitting Aids would be blocked. It might be a big thing if Madam Peng Liyuan gives a speech. Ways for transmitting Aids are wide open. The best propaganda in our society is "you will not be infected if you apply the condom correctly." Actually, if the propaganda said "do not do things that will get you infected with Aids," it would be more efficient. How about we publish an open letter signed by netizens to invite Madam Peng Liyuan to be an "image ambassador" in the Aids prevention campaign in Xinjiang? If all of the brothels with names like the washing foot city or the cold drink house were closed and people had a view of life that honored purity this disaster would be controlled. If the government politically intervenes in Aids prevention, makes Aids a very sensitive issue that people can not talk about or even think about, and deals with Aids infected people the way the government deals with the national security issues and the social issues, I think they could completely destroy Aids in the area, otherwise it is hard. Caring about them and not misunderstanding their Aids infection... and blah blah. This doesn't cross my mind at all. Sometimes, I think they would praise this illness if it was transmitted from something better. I think sometimes. Not all the doctors with white coats are angels and there are some devils in hospitals. So, it is really important to find the right doctors and avoid some unknown and uncertified doctors. That is one of the most important measures for preventing diseases. My little sister got a blood infection disease in her elementary school after being given immunization shots by the school. After the inquiry we learned that some doctors from inland China tested some newly invented shots on the students. Who knows then, right? My beloved sister passed away after suffering from the disease for 20 years. Schools open their doors for those conspirators. They don't worry about anything because they have certificates with big stamps. The probability of getting infected with Aids from medical devices is very high and people get infected quickly. So, don't expect mercy or protection from some ladies or some fathers. Let's just be more careful and cautious. All the dirty brothels under the various names must be closed and the owners shot, that is it. The shutdown is one of the ways but the most important thing is awareness of people about this issue. If people's awareness is raised they will naturally avoid those kinds of dirty places. What is supposed to happen to other getting infected with Aids. Even though our senior people over 50 and 60 try to get more wives and our young people are obsessed with having sex with girls. Let's look at ourselves before trying to dig into other people's faults. If only we get Aids but not others, of course there is a reason here to blame ourselves. The topic is about girls when we get together, from the morning to evening in any occasion like wedding and parties. Were we created only for that? The comment is a live issue. There is nothing but male hormones in our talk. A compulsory investigation should be conducted by the attendance of all people including workers, employees, and farmers for finding infected people. The government should take their blood samples and archive them and provide medical care for them separately. What is supposed to happen other getting infected by Aids even though our senior people over 50-60 try to get more wives and our young people are obsessed about having sex with girls. Let's look at ourselves before trying to dig other people's faults. If only we get Aids but others, of course there is a reason here to blame ourselves. The topic is about girls when we get together, from the morning to evening in any occasion like wedding and parties. We were created only for that? In addition to this comment, my suggestion is following: Since the situation is like this, it is not a bad idea to increase sex education while we strengthen the moral education. Is there any other way to keep some people who can not stop some sexual behavior safe other than teaching how to use condom correctly? Anyway, every person will be responsible for what they do in the future. The point is to prevent the disease from being transmitted to others. If the strengthening of moral education worked, this dirty illness would already be diminished. Windboy posted time 14:07 19-10-2015 ...even though our senior people over 50 and 60 try to get more wives. If they are told that it is safe as long as they use condom, would the number of people who have sex without marriage not increase ? Aids would disappear if the authorities paid attention to it as much as they did stability. The China News Agency, December 1st report: According to the news of the United Nations on November 30, just before the World Aids Day, the United Nations called on all its branches to organize different activities to expand the antiretroviral therapy into all the infected groups and achieve an Aids free next generation. The WHO reported on October 31st, that the control of Aids virus transmission in Millennium Development Goal (MDGs) has already has been achieved in advance of the date. This great achievement is highly relevant because of antiretroviral therapy. The WHO indicated that if Aids infected people use antiretroviral drugs immediately after they become infected, there is a big possibility to keep their condition healthy. Also, using antiretroviral drugs prevents onward transmission of HIV and It also recommends offer of pre-exposure prophylaxis to people at substantial risk of HIV infection as an additional prevention choice as part of comprehensive prevention. At the same time, An infected mother can reduce the risk to transmit HIV to a baby if she use antiretroviral drugs. Huge reductions have been seen in death and infection rates when antiretroviral therapy is in use, particularly during early stages of the disease. Since its pick in 2004 until now, the rate of death from Aids reduced 42%. Also the rate of new HIV infections has been reduced 35% since 2000. Antiretroviral therapy especially has been expended throughout Africa and the number of people who received antiretroviral therapy reached 11 million when it was only 11 thousand in 2000. During their global meeting this year, world leaders made a new sustainable development goal. This included the goal to eliminate Aids infection permanently before 2030. To achieve this goal, the number of newly-infected people by HIV should be reduced by 75% of the current totals, and the current number of the HIV-infected people who received antiretroviral therapy (ART) should be doubled in number by 2020, the WHO emphasized. Source: http://uy.ts.cn/homepage/content/2015-12/01/content_475905.htm It transmits easily to the people who have bigger reproductive organs and smaller brains
10	AIDS is Xinjiang's pain. Adip edited this article at the end. Time 1:21 pm. October 18th, 2015. Maybe some of you might remember, a couple of days ago I wrote an article called "the most beautiful Chinese woman in Xinjiang". In this article, I expressed my appreciation toward Song Qing Lin who contributed a lot to Xinjiang soccer development and had been known as a respectful lady all around Xinjiang. 2. At the end of the article, I switched my topic from Xinjiang's soccer hope to Xinjiang's pain AIDS. We strongly expected another lovely and strong Chinese lady to show up in Xinjiang's AIDS Treatment and Prevention field. I was told so. 3. Actually I was thinking about our first lady Ping Liyuan, the wife of our president Xi Jingping, and expected her to do something to provide help for Xinjiang's AIDS field. There was nothing wrong with this dream. There is an old saying in Uyghur that says if the baby cries, mama will feed. Our respected for the first lady Ping Liyuan currently as an important person in AIDS field both nationally and internationally. The fact that the first lady entered Xinjiang could make huge progress in Xinjiang's undeveloped AIDS research problems. If the first lady had publically given a couple of speeches in several Universities of Xinjiang, students from different ethnic groups would be highly touched and encouraged. 5. http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-65040-1-1.html So this was a topic about the most beautiful Chinese woman in Xinjiang. A lot of people commented on this topic. Yes, AIDS is the same as the voice of society. I hope people observe things in a problem solving way not an emotional way. If licensed massage centered were closed, one transmitted method would be gone. Mrs. Ping Liyuan's speeches might not be totally effective. AIDS transmission ways are completely available. In our society the most important publicity is "AIDS will not be transmitted if condoms are used appropriately". If advocate people do no do things that could cause AIDS, maybe some hope will be left for decreasing the number of AIDS patients. Should we write an open letter with signatures to ask Mrs. Ping Liyuan to become Xinjiang's "Image Ambassador" for AIDS prevention? The diseases can be controlled if unlicensed massages centers and night clubs are closed, and people start to value chastity and live upon it. I think that if some policies can interference with AIDS that scares people into talking about it or even thinking about it, and see the purposeful transmission as an important problem in Country Security, Human Rights, and Labor, AIDS could be controlled in couple of months. Otherwise, it will be challenging. Care for them, and correctly explain the infection, and so on. I can't think through it. I was thinking that if it was a disease which was transmitted through good things, what else people can do to be happy. Ghosts in white coats are also exist. So don't receive treatments from any available hospitals that you see. Avoid meeting with fake and cheating doctors and hospitals is an important method to avoid new disasters. My little sister in an elementary school died due to Scorbutic from injecting an anti-preventing vaccine. We investigated. Doctors from Mainland China invented this vaccine and put them in experiments. Who can recognize them? My beloved suffered this disease for 20 years and passed away. Schools even opens their doors for this kind of evil scheme. They can do anything, because they are holding government issued licenses. The rate of AIDS transmitting through hospital equipment is very high. Brother and sisters, we can't just childishly expect some lady can help us or protect us. Instead we should take care of ourselves. All dirty places need to be closed, and their bosses needed to be killed. Closing is one thing. But the most important thing is awareness. If people can improve their awareness and not go to those dirty places, they can be closed naturally. If adults around 50-60 years old are thinking about marring four women and young adults are thinking about getting girl friends, infection is easy for sure. Don't always blame other people, lets start to find problems with ourselves. If only we were getting infected with AIDS and not other people, it would be our problems. Girls become a topic as long as we get together, like at weddings, parties... Are we just born for this? If the comment above has feet, it can walk. There are no other words except this. Require all workers, staff and farmers to do AIDS tests and establish an individual network for them. Isolate people infected with AIDS to treat them. If adults around 50-60 years old are thinking about marring four women and young adults are thinking about getting girl friends, infection is easy for sure. Don't always blame other people. Let's start to look at our own problems first. If only we were getting infected with AIDS and not other people, it would be our problems. Girls become a topic as long as we get together, like in the weddings, parties... Are we just born for this? This is my response to this comment: Since our situation is already like this, it is not harmful to strongly advocate using condoms appropriately and safely. What else can we do to help immoral people except this. Every person will be judged based on his/her own faults. But the thing is that we need to prevent the disease from transmission. If we could control this disease based only on moral development, this shit disease would be all gone. Published time 2:07 pm. October 19th, 2015. People aged around 50-60 are also thinking about four wives. It is said that using a condom can prevent transmission, then aren't the immoral things increasing? If AIDS were taken as serious as social stability, it would have been long gone. A telegraph from China Media Network on December 1st: according to news on the United Nation's Website on November 30th, the United Nation systems did a lot of activities on World AIDS day. They asked all people infected with AIDS to learn about "Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy" to make sure and to advocate to younger generations to understand this. World Health Department stated on October 31 that a thousand year-old AIDS transmission and prevention goals were accomplished. This great progress has a close relationship with "Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy". The World Health Department showed that according to experience, if a person with AIDS quickly uses the antiretroviral medications after an infection, it can play a positive role for this person to stay healthy and also it can decrease the changes of transmission. If people highly infected AIDS use the medication, it can play a preventing role. At the same time, if a pregnant mom who is infected with AIDS takes antiretroviral medication, it can prevent the virus transmitting to her baby. The "Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy" helps to decrease the death rate of AIDS patients and also decreases the rate of virus transmission. Since the highest infection rate happened in 2004, the death rate of AIDS infected people had decreased to 42% and infection rate decreased 35% compared to 2000. Especially the "Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy" profoundly used in Africa. If 11 thousand people had received this therapy in 2000, and now 11 million people are receiving it. During the World Communication season this year, representatives from all around the world agreed to work cooperatively to accomplished goals which includes getting rid of AIDS completely by 2030. World Heath Department repeated that in order to reach this goal in 2020, the total number of people with AIDS needs to decrease, and people who are receiving Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy need to improve. Original source. http://uy.ts.cn/homepage/content/2015-12/01/content_475905.htm People with highly developed genital organs will catch the disease easier compared to people with well-developed brains
10	Did central western universal pneumonia threaten China? Published time: 17:12:22 on April 13[th] , 2015. China Media Network News: Ablimit translation from Bagdax Network: According to a news website, the Health and Family Control Agency introduced "Notice Regarding Treatment of Central Western Universal Pneumonia and Preparation for Prevention Work." The notice stated that it could not be ruled out that an epidemic would strike China again. Treatment and prevention work needed to be done in hospitals for central west universal pneumonia. After the central western universal pneumonia was first discovered in Central West in 2012, it was then discovered that a lot countries were infected with this
10	Does MERS Brings Danger to China? Send time 2015-06-13 17:12:22 source: China News Web; editor: AblimitChina News Web, June 13 reports; Ablimit translated from Baghdash WebAccording to the news of the Health and Family Planning Committee website, the Committee recently has issued a "Preparation of Treatment and Hospital Prevention from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)" and pointed out that the possible infection of China cannot be denied, for this reason we must doing the best treatment and prevention job at hospitals with possible MERS. Since the first occurrence of MERS in Middle East in 2012, many infected patients have been reported in many countries
10	Published time: 17:12:22 on April 13[th] , 2015. China Media Network News: Ablimit translation from Bagdax Network: According to a news website, the Health and Family Control Agency introduced "Notice Regarding Treatment of Central Western Universal Pneumonia and Preparation for Prevention Work." The notice stated that it could not be ruled out that an epidemic would strike China again. Treatment and prevention work needed to be done in hospitals for central west universal pneumonia. After the central western universal pneumonia was first discovered in Central West in 2012, it was then discovered that a lot countries were infected with this. Recently, the central western universal Pneumonia also spread in Korea
10	Send time 2015-06-13 17:12:22 source: China News Web; editor: AblimitChina News Web, June 13 reports; Ablimit translated from Baghdash WebAccording to the news of the Health and Family Planning Committee website, the Committee recently has issued a "Preparation of Treatment and Hospital Prevention from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)" and pointed out that the possible infection of China cannot be denied, for this reason we must doing the best treatment and prevention job at hospitals with possible MERS. Since the first occurrence of MERS in Middle East in 2012, many infected patients have been reported in many countries. Recently, a MERS outbreak happened even in Korea
10	After the central western universal pneumonia was first discovered in Central West in 2012, it was then discovered that a lot countries were infected with this. Recently, the central western universal Pneumonia also spread in Korea. The time for Chinese citizens to go on pilgrimage was getting closer, but there was no connection between China and infected regions. The Health and Family Control Department worked together with the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine to add to and update technical plans to diagnose people infected with the central western universal pneumonia and offer treatment
10	Since the first occurrence of MERS in Middle East in 2012, many infected patients have been reported in many countries. Recently, a MERS outbreak happened even in Korea. The pilgrimage period when Chinese citizens plan to go to Saudi Arabia is approaching. In addition to this, there's a close relationship between China and the infected area. The Health and Family Planning Committee along with National Chinese Medicine Pharmaceutical Department have improved and made supplements to the technical documents that are used to diagnose and treat the MERS infected patients
10	According to the latest statistics from the WHO, more than 4000 people have been reported as having died from the Ebola virus disease and more than 8000 people became infected worldwide in this year. The epidemic of Ebola in West African countries is getting worse. The United States and the European countries announced that cases of Ebola have emerged in the countries. Countries around the world are taking necessary preventive measures against the Ebola virus following the disastrous spread of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa
10	According to statistics of the World Health Organization, the number of people who died of the Ebola virus was over 4,000 and the number infected by the Ebola virus was over 8,000. Moreover, the contagion of the infection in western countries of Africa was serious. American and Europe countries announced one after the other that there were victims of the Ebola virus in their countries. The Ebola virus spread fast in western African countries. Consequently, other countries carried out strong measures against the Ebola virus
10	The United States and the European countries announced that cases of Ebola have emerged in the countries. Countries around the world are taking necessary preventive measures against the Ebola virus following the disastrous spread of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. The speed of the Ebola virus spread is increasing and 70% of the infected people have died
10	American and Europe countries announced one after the other that there were victims of the Ebola virus in their countries. The Ebola virus spread fast in western African countries. Consequently, other countries carried out strong measures against the Ebola virus. The Ebola virus spread fast in western African countries. What is more, 70% of the victims of the virus died due to ineffective treatment
10	According to the BBC news on October 10, WHO warned the world. The three countries in West Africa which felt the most deadly effects of Ebola virus were Liberia, Ghana, and Sierra Leone and the numbers of infected people were 4076 and deaths were 2316 in Liberia only. The number is growing
10	Acccording to a BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation) report, the World Health Organization warned that the three western African countries most infected by the Ebola virus wereLibya, Ghana, and Sierra Leone. In Libya alone, the number of infected was 2,316 and the number of dead was 4,076. These numbers are increasing
10	The number is growing. Since the Ebola outbreak occurred in February in Guinea, it has rapidly spread into Liberia;, Sierra Leone, and Nigeria in West Africa. The outbreak is the deadliest one since the virus was first discovered in 1976 in Congo
10	These numbers are increasing. The outbreak of the Ebola virus began in February and it spread quickly in western African countries such as Libya, Sierra Leone, and Nigeria. This was the most serious outbreak since the virus was first discovered in Congo in 1976
10	Since the Ebola outbreak occurred in February in Guinea, it has rapidly spread into Liberia;, Sierra Leone, and Nigeria in West Africa. The outbreak is the deadliest one since the virus was first discovered in 1976 in Congo. The Ebola virus was first discovered in 1976 in Congo Democratic Republic, the latter occurred in a village near the Ebola River, from which the disease takes its name
10	The outbreak of the Ebola virus began in February and it spread quickly in western African countries such as Libya, Sierra Leone, and Nigeria. This was the most serious outbreak since the virus was first discovered in Congo in 1976. The Ebola virus was discovered in 1976 and it was named after the Ebola river in the Kingdom of Congo (formerly Zaire)
10	The case raised public awareness about the epidemic as a global threat and the Nigerian government is searching 30 thousand people who might be carrying the deadly virus. A woman who travelled Kenya had symptoms of Ebola after she came back to Hong Kong and now she was accepting separate treatment in the Elizabeth Hospital. After October, Ebola patients appeared in the United States and European countries
10	This case reminds us that the Ebola virus has spread all over the world. Nigerian health authorities are tracking 30 thousand potential carriers. After a women returned to Hong Kong from visiting Kenya, she had symptoms of the Ebola virus and she was isolated for treatment in Hong Kong's Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Ebola virus victims have been found in American and Europe countries since October
10	A female chief, Marie. In Spain, the first heart and lung transplant surgery succeeded on this day in 1986. The first satellite that could spread live TV programs was launched in France on this day in 1988
10	The female leader Marie. Today in 1980，the first heart-lung transplant surgery was carried out successfully in Spain. Today in 1988，France launched the world's first satellite capable of transmitting live TV
10	In Guinea, 59 people died due to the Ebola virus. Xinhua news on March 23rd: the Guinea Health department reported on March 22nd that in early February, the virus caused death in 80 people in this country. Among them, 59 people from the southeast died due to the Ebola virus
10	Contagious Disease Killed 59 in Guinea Xinhua News Agency, March 23 news: According to the March 22 statement from the Guinea Health Department, the Ebola virus that was discovered in early February in the south east of the country has infected 80 people, of which 59 have died
10	Xinhua news on March 23rd: the Guinea Health department reported on March 22nd that in early February, the virus caused death in 80 people in this country. Among them, 59 people from the southeast died due to the Ebola virus. At the beginning of February, a death was reported in Macenta Prefecture in the southeast part of Guinea due to a fever. The same thing happened in the capital city as well, but the Health Department could not discover the cause of the diseases. On March 22th, after samples from Macenta were delivered to a laboratory in France for further experiments, it was determined that the illnesses were caused by the Ebola virus
10	Xinhua News Agency, March 23 news: According to the March 22 statement from the Guinea Health Department, the Ebola virus that was discovered in early February in the south east of the country has infected 80 people, of which 59 have died. In the early February a death caused by high body temperature was discovered in Masena, a province located in the southeast of the country. A similar disease was reported later in adjacent provinces and the capital area. However, the Health Department was never able to find out the exact reason for the illness. On March 22, after the illness samples that had been collected in the Masena region were tested in France it turned out that the Ebola virus was the main reason
10	Help, who will investigate a criminal? I am a son of a peasant. I need help from the police who have a conscience and journalists. I have not any knowledge about law. At 2:50 on 12/31/2012, my store was broken into by thieves. My relative caught a thief. Then, during this period, this thief stabbed my elder brother at five spots of his body. When he was chasing the thief, he bled so much that the blood affected his lung. Because of this, the doctor said he needed a serious surgery, which would cost us twenty thousand yuan, respectively, for the necessary blood and surgery. Up to now, the police have not taken responsible for this. I don't want to seek help for chasing the escaped thief. This incident happened on the 31st day of that month. It is past 1 month and 2 days after that incident, however, and since now, no one has come here to collect the fingerprint of that thief. Abdushkvr: 13899990642 If this thief committed other crimes, he should have been caught sooner than this. What kind of store you have? If you capture that thief and take him to the police station, the police would take charge of it, depending on their wills. You should remember that there was limited time for looking after these issues except from the Three Evils, including separation, extreme terrorist, and separatism. Let us make this topic reach a climax. > Let us make this topic reach a climax. This thief would be a partner of the dominant ethnic group and the police. It is best to be dependent on yourself. My neighbor captured and beat the thief who stole his sheep. Then, the police station's policeman set my neighbor off with a 700 yuan fine and many threats. My neighbor regretted it too much. Did you forget to report to the police? I mean maybe you would report to deaf police at that moment. Ah, why was my good answered deleted on Misranim? The thing you have to do is to cure your brother. Chasing the thief is a right of the police. You can borrow money to cure that disease, rather than stay there by saying no money. You can appeal for complementary civil compensation when you have a chance. You could report to the higher police department if the local police don't care about this case. This case is a robbery from a burglary. Furthermore, you said he is your relative. If he had money, he would not steal. Why not cure him by collecting the support from your relatives. Carefully keep those bills for the medical expenditures. This comment, which was submitted at 00:05, 01/03/2013, is classic: This thief would be a partner of the dominant ethnic group and the police. It is best to be dependent on yourself. My neighbor captured and beat the thief who stole his sheep. Then, the police station's policeman set my neighbor off with a 700 yuan fine and many threats. My neighbor regretted it too much. The leadership's ethnic group don't have mustaches, do they? A relative said: As our friend said, at first you should use your own money, or borrow money to cure your brother. This is very important. You should report more loudly to that deaf police. If it doesn't work, you can complain about them to the government of the county, city, or prefecture, if you are correspondingly living in a township, county, or city. Maybe there would be a policeman who has been cured of being blind and deaf. You can cure the local deaf police by complaining to the program of Law and Citizen. ‏ First, it is important to cure the disease. The remaining things would be handled later. May Allah bless you. Now, in this unique world, people are astonished by the news that they never heard about, for example, even the police have become burglars and pickpockets. The police have been quickly handling the issues of ethnic separatists and terrorists who have mustaches and cover their faces with scarves. The leadership's ethnic group don't have mustaches, do they? A relative said anonymously............ At first, you should fully understand its content, shouldn't you? Why do you comment so abruptly as a cudgel coming out of a bag. What kind of saying is a relative thief? Can you write more clearly? Do you mean Hans are thieves? Can you write more clearly? No matter what kind of thief, they should be punished based on law. Have you seen the scene on the Internet of beating thieves by the self-organized people in inland China? The world, which should be written Tuqan, was probably written Tughkan. In fact, the victim could be an uploader's cousin. For Kumul, this kind of case is considered to be a big one. If this happened in Kumul, the thief should be imprisoned now................................... Do the Urumqi police have the spare time, or are they having the New Year holiday? If not, you can go to the city department of police to report them. You should have insisted that the thief came your store to practice terrorist activity rather than to steal anything. If you did so, maybe they would investigate it. First, you need to report to the police again. If they ignore it, you should call the program of Law and Citizen. They must ask if this is open to the public. Now, in some offices, the number of the people who forget their responsibilities is growing, unless they get some a bunch of alfafa or get a beating at their flanks. How do you admire that Law and Citizen? That is a means of propaganda. According to the executed case, that film was produced after the Political and Law Committee and another place permitted it, by the cast, composed of a judge and plaintiff. If I saw the people who came to the higher court to bluff he would go to the Central Committee, I will.............. The article that was uploaded at 14:08, 01/03/2013, is believable. For Kumul, this kind of case is considered to be a big one. If this happened in Kumul, the thief should be imprisoned now................................... Do the Urumqi police have the spare time, or are they having the New Year holiday? If not, you can go to the city department of police to report them. This person seems to be not in Urumqi. Maybe from Hotan. If the phone number was left here, I would argue for him on phone. Yesterday, I gave a good lesson to a guy who committed domestic violence in Korla. If he beats his wife again from now, I will call 110. I will detain him 15 days according to criminal law. If you starve your wife and children by removing the cards for electricity, water, heat, and natural gas, I will call your office to fire you. Don't think no one can be responsible for the women. As of today, I will promise my all words. After I told him if necessary, I would give testimony in court, that hypocrite was afraid that I missed at night and came to my house at 5 in the morning to give the electricity and natural gas cards & I got them. I am now kidding. The man with 115 kilogram weight, like a pig, beat his helpless wife. I really should have called 110 to imprison him. They should be the police in the south. They don't care for the cases about public security. If they have political cases, they will rush to handle it even they have no shoes. If you report to the police, the policeman won't come because he will insist on that he should be on duty at police station. Why did you not say that you encountered two terrorists and separatists who attempted to destroy our country's unity when you called the police? You ask for help from the police and journalists with a conscience.... I think you will be disappointed with them. You ask for help from the professions that don't have a conscience, don't you?....... The best solution is to find your own way. Maybe you can find the information in your society. The person who entered your store must know the condition of your store. The person who stabbed your brother must have minor injuries. Ablikim's thread, uploaded at 23:28, 01/02/2013, was correct. If you capture that thief and take him to the police station, the police would take charge of it, based on their wills. You should remember that there was limited time for looking after these issues except from the Three Evils, including separation, extreme terrorist, and separatism. You said a honeyed word was like a sugar crystal. Emsa0999's thread on 21nd floor was correct at 17:08, 01/03/2013: How do you admire that Law and Citizen? That is a means of propaganda. According to the executed case, that film was produced after the Political and Law Committee and another place permitted it, by the cast, composed of a judge and plaintiff. If I saw the people who came to the higher court to bluff he would go to the Central Committee, I will.............. These words would walk if they had feet and hands. This criminal should be investigated by the local police. Except for them, who can investigate him? You should call repeatedly under the situation of not destroying the criminal site. If the local police are deaf, you could report them to the higher police department. Some people joked that if you reported a terrorist attacked your store, the police would come. Please don't do this. If you did so, a division of military would come, and you would be imprisoned rather than that thief. Over the years, these policemen have been a lake of responsibilities. When I meet the police, I want to spit on them. Fortunately, they have not met me. Last year, my cousin was arrested from an electronic casino in somewhere like Tikichi or Wutunchi in Korla city by the Awat Farm Police. Then, he was released because he was local resident. HMPH. Until now, that electronic casino has been opening without a closed day. It is a shame that these shits are ruling us. A few days ago, three carloads of people from the city came to our neighborhood, and beat one boy with their sticks. After we reported it to the Awat Police, the policemen arrogantly blamed him on why not hide from them, rather than investigate the case. After 2 months, until now, they have not given us who committed it. Why not, they can't handle this kind of little thing even though we have a cell phone with camera. These people, who are in charge of implementing the law in this big country, are so useless. At that moment, we provided the police what we saw. How unfair it is. I am confused why these irresponsible journalists don't report this news in order to bear the people's burdens. First, the most important thing is to cure your elder brother. Be patient. The police will catch that criminal, and handle him based on the laws. You can find Ekber and Shohret from Xinjiang Radio Station,,,
10	Who would accuse the criminals? Help was needed We need help from qualified policemen and reporters. I am the son of a farmer from the remote countryside. I didn't know much about law. A thief entered my store at 2:50 a.m. on December 31st, 2012. My brother, minding the store, captured the thief, who turned out to be a relative. My brother was stabbed 5 times by the thief and lost much blood during his pursuit of the thief. The doctor diagnosed him with pulmonary venous pleonaemia. The doctor said that an operation was necessary and we had to pay an extra 20,000 yuan in operation fees in addition to money for blood. The police paid no attention to this case. Was there any law to help us capture the missing thief? That was what I meant. I beg your sincere help. It happened on December 31st, but no one came to take fingerprints till January 2nd. Abduxukur: 13899990642 We might sooner capture the thief if we gave the thief a label. What was sold at that store? The police would take charge of it if you captured the thief by yourselves. Remember that the police have no time for cases except for the three forces of national separatism, terrorism, and national disruption. Let's take the topic to its highest level. Let's take the topic to its highest level The thief might be someone from a leading nation or a friend of the police. You'd better depend on yourselves. One of my neighbors captured a thief with stolen sheep and hit him. Then the police threatened my neighbor and forced my neighbor to pay 700 yuan to the thief. My neighbor regretted calling the police. Did you forget to call the police? In the event of alarm, you may speak to the deaf policeman.... Why was my comment, which I felt okay about, deleted? What you could do now is treat your brother. It is the police's business to capture the criminal. Treat your brother even if you have to borrow money. You could charge him with criminal and civil liability at the proper time. You could tell the facts to the Public Security Bureau, a level superior to the local police. The charge was changed from theft to robbery. You said the thief was your relative. He would not steal something if he had money. You could also first discuss with your relatives how to treat your brother. Keep all the receipts and records of the treatment process with you. The content was an example of what Fidada wrote on fifth floor at 00:55 a.m., January 3rd, 2013. The thief might be someone from a leading nation or a friend of the police. You'd better depend on yourselves. One of my neighbors captured a thief with stolen sheep and hit him. The police threatened my neighbor and forced my neighbor to pay 700 yuan to the thief. My neighbor regretted calling the police. Didn't someone from a leading nation have a mustache? He said they were relatives. As one friend said, better to treat your brother with money paid by yourselves even if you have to borrow the money. It was very important. Then state the case to the deaf at the police station, but more loudly. Or submit a case to a superior police station. For example, you could choose the police station in your county if you lived in a village there. The one in the city was okay if you lived in a county. The Prefecture Police Station would be ideal if you lived in a city. There might be someone not blind or deaf to this case. Or we could tell the case to the Law and the People program to cure their deaf ears. ‏ It was more important to treat your brother. There still might be a solution to the case. May Allah make everything easy for you. We hear some weird things in this society, where some thieves can become policemen. The police rush to take charge in some cases involving national disruption and national separatism; they only cared also about someone with a mustache, veiled women, and other suspicious terrorists. They didn't spare their time unless you offered a bribe to them when it came to other cases. Didn't someone from a leading nation have mustache? He said they were relatives. Could you please give your comment after you understand the case clearly? Why were your comments so weird? Could you be clearer? What did the sentence mean that they were relatives.......? Did it mean that the thief was of Han nationality? Could you be clearer? Whoever committed the theft should be punished by law. Didn't you see the situation from the Internet in which the thief was captured and beaten by the self-organized people of the interior land? There might be some spelling mistakes here, such as it should have been (relatives) not "relatives." Chances are that the victim was the full brother of the topic submitter. It was a major case for Kumul. The thief should have been put in prison if the theft happened in Kumul.................. I had no idea whether the police in Urumqi were busy or on their new year holiday. Better to go to the Public Security Bureau of the city for help. How about telling the police that the thief admitted his terrorist motivation? Then the police might have paid attention to the case. Call the police again. If they still turned a deaf ear to it, then contact the Law and the People program. They would have had to take charge of it if the case was open to the public. More and more people needed others' push in their work. It was as if a donkey forgot its obligations without food or a clubbing. Why did you feel the program of the Law and the People was so important? It was a kind of propaganda method. The film was made by the Commission of Politics after getting the permission of law from a related organization. I didn't like the person who had gone to the superior court but still argued that he go to the central government or the program of the Law and the People. The content was an example of the comments given by Kar from 18th floor on 14:08 p.m., January 3rd, 2013. It was a major case for Kumul. The thief would be in prison if the theft had happened in Kumul.................. I have no idea whether the police in Urumqi were busy or on their new year holiday. Better to go to the Public Security Bureau of the city for help. It seemed that he was not in Urumqi. He might be in Hotan. I would be willing to help him dial the telephone number if he gave me the area code. I gave a lesson to someone who committed domestic violence last night. I would call the police if you hit your wife again. You would be in prison for 15days because of your criminal actions. I would call your office and you would be dismissed from your post if you let them go hungry without giving them the cards for electricity, water, the heating system, and gas. Do not think that the women had nowhere to go. I have recorded every word you said from then on. I put pressure on him by testifying in court. Then he failed to sleep the whole night and sent the cards home at half past five in the morning. He added that he had been afraid of losing the cards and so took them away. I wasn't kidding. I would have thought to call the police to arrest him if he still hit his poor wife with his big body of 115 kilograms. It might be the police from the South. They didn't care much about the security case you mentioned. They would spare no effort to deal with it if it were a case about politics. They were even reluctant to go out with you, with the excuse that they had to be on duty if you called the police. Why didn't you tell them that they were terrorists who tried to divide the country or nation? You would be without hope if you wanted help from qualified policemen and reporters. Because you turned to those for help who forget their obligations......... Better to solve the problem by yourself. You could definitely get some messages from the society. The thief must have known about your store and he must have been hurt. The content was an example of the comments given by Ablikim from second floor at 23:28 p.m., January 2nd, 2013. The police would take charge of it if you captured the thief by yourselves. Remember that the police have no time for cases except those involving the three forces of national separatism, terrorism, and national disruption. You hit the nail on the head. They have time for mustaches and veils. However, as for the other things.... The content was an example of the comments given by Asma0999 from 21st floor at 17:08 p.m., January 3rd, 2013. Why did you feel the program of law and the people was so important? It was a kind of propaganda method. The film was made by the Commission of Politics after getting the permission of law from a related organization. I didn't like the person who had gone to the superior court but still argued that he go to the central government or the program of the Law and the People. What you said was so right, with a powerful argument. The police were searching for the criminal. Who else could capture him? You'd better call the local police again and again, making sure that you do not destroy the crime scene. If the local police ares deaf, then call the police a level superior to the local one. Do not try to say that a terrorist attacked your store, even if some Web friends suggest this just in kidding. You would end up in prison instead of the thief if you told the police this, after seeing a battalion of soldiers coming at you. The police really have ignored their duty these years. I would like to spit on them when I saw the policemen on the street. It was their luck not to meet me. One of my cousins, whose name escapes my mind, was arrested at an electronic gambling house in an Awat farm by a police station of Korla City. Then the police released him because of his local residence. I felt strange. That gambling house was open till now. I feel ashamed of jerks who dominate the world. A guy from our village was hit with sticks severely by a group of people from the city arriving in three full cars. After we called the police of Awat, the police blamed the guy who was hit instead of handling the situation well. They didn't give any information about it till now although more than two months have passed. Why did they fail to solve little problems even though cameras were available everywhere? How useless they were as national servants engaged in law. We informed the police of those three cars' license plate numbers at that time. How useless they were. It was strange that reporters failed to report this kind of unfair case, which was of real concern to people. Treat your brother first. It is most important to keep one's health. Be patient! And the police will punish the criminals according to the law. Contact Akbar or Xuhrat from Xinjiang Radio Station,,,
3	In addition, "Safe Supermarket" in Lop County donated 8,000 Yuan, 1,000 boxes of mineral water, and also took charge of the 1500 Yuan transfer fee for this donation. The "People Monument Charity Team" made a lot of effort for this rescue activity. The seven trucks of supplies collected by this team among the whole Autonomous Region, head to Kiriye today. At Urumqi local time 7, calligraphers like Master Adiljan, Yasin Kërim, Muhemmtallaberdi Nekqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Qaraqashi, and Master Ëlijan, along with 20 sons of the "People Monument Charity Team," took the banners, posters, and flags prepared with the help of Ms. Munire, leader of the "People Monument Charity Team," and headed to the disaster area
3	In addition, the Hatirjem supermarket at Lop County donated 8,000 yuan and 1,000 boxes of mineral water. They also assumed responsibility for the transportation costs (1,500 yuan). The El-abide Charity played an important role in supporting the affected people with donation activities at this time. This charity organization's branch groups in the autonomous region prepared a great amount of rescue goods and loaded six trucks bound for Keriye County. Today, at 7:00 a.m., Urumqi time, our calligraphers, including Teacher Adiljan, Yasen Kerim, Muhemmet Allaberdi Neqqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Karakashi, Teacher Alijan, etc., and the 20 young men from the El-abide Charity were to set out on a trip to the affected area. They also were to bring with them banners, placards, and posters, prepared with the support of Mrs. Munewwer, the head of the El-abide Charity
10	MERS occurred in Saudi Arabia and caused death in 417 people. Published time: at 16:58:15 on May 8[th] , 2015: Author Oglan Koruluxi : Source: news.cn: The Health Department of Saudi Arabia reported locally on August 4[th] that 4 people were infected with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-Cov) and died. And other four people were newly diagnosed with this illness. Among them, the youngest one is a 32-year-old foreigner
10	In Saudi Arabia MERS Virus Death Toll Rises to 471 Send time: 2015-08-05 by Oghlan, Viewed 16179 times; 16:58:15 China News Web August 5 news; On August 4, the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia released a general notification and said that in the past 24 hours four people have died of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) infection, and four new patients have been identified as newly infected. According to the general notification, these four died patients were discovered in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia. Among them, the youngest patient was a 32-year-old foreign citizen
10	MERS occurred in Saudi Arabia and caused death in 417 people. Published time: at 16:58:15 on May 8[th] , 2015: Author Oglan Koruluxi : Source: news.cn: The Health Department of Saudi Arabia reported locally on August 4[th] that 4 people were infected with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-Cov) and died. And other four people were newly diagnosed with this illness
10	In Saudi Arabia MERS Virus Death Toll Rises to 471 Send time: 2015-08-05 by Oghlan, Viewed 16179 times; 16:58:15 China News Web August 5 news; On August 4, the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia released a general notification and said that in the past 24 hours four people have died of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) infection, and four new patients have been identified as newly infected. According to the general notification, these four died patients were discovered in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia
10	Small-headed babies who were negatively affected by the Zika virus in Brazil. Recently, the Zika virus spread widely in American regions and caused "epidemics." The virus would affect approcimately three to four million people in American regions
10	Brazilian Small Head Babies Suffering from the Zika Virus Recently, the Zika virus that is primarily transmitted through mosquitoes experienced an "outbreak" in the Americas. It's estimated that three to four million people have been infect so far by this virus
10	The most severe consequence was that more and more "microcephaly" and other nervous system diseases occurred in newborn babies in Brazil. These diseases were connected to the spread of the Zika virus. The WHO noted that by now, Zika virus infections have occurred in more than 30 countries in America and Africa. After Flu, Spinal Cord Disorder, and the Ebola virus , the A category H1N1 virus was determined as "the most concerning public health issue" by the WHO
10	In Brazil, where the worst nightmare is striking, there an is increasing occurrence of babies born with "small heads" and other neurological diseases. It's more likely closely associated with the spread of the Zika virus. According to the notification of the World Health Organization (WHO), until today 30 some countries and regions in America and Africa have reported the spread of the Zika virus. In February 1, after the secondary "A" type of H1N1 flu, poliomyelitis and Ebola virus, the WHO once more announced that the Zika virus has caused "a sudden public health issue that is being watched by international media.
10	Small-headed babies who were negatively affected by the Zika virus in Brazil. Recently, the Zika virus spread widely in American regions and caused "epidemics." The virus would affect approcimately three to four million people in American regions. The most severe consequence was that more and more "microcephaly" and other nervous system diseases occurred in newborn babies in Brazil. These diseases were connected to the spread of the Zika virus
10	Brazilian Small Head Babies Suffering from the Zika Virus Recently, the Zika virus that is primarily transmitted through mosquitoes experienced an "outbreak" in the Americas. It's estimated that three to four million people have been infect so far by this virus. In Brazil, where the worst nightmare is striking, there an is increasing occurrence of babies born with "small heads" and other neurological diseases. It's more likely closely associated with the spread of the Zika virus
10 7	Rescuing job for Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye has orderly carried out. After the earthquake in Keriye on Feb 12, the Central and Autonomous governments attached great attention to relief work, and immediately activated the emergency works. The rescue teams have reached the affected regions and begun their rescuing mission
10 7	The disaster relief works on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed methodically The disaster relief work on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been done methodically. After the earthquake occurred in Keriye on February 12, CPC Central committee, Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangement immediately. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived on time to the effected area and started their emergency work immediately
10	One police officer died, and one police officer was injured in van.
10	A police officer was killed in Van and one injured.
10	It never rains but it pours: Cholera spreads in Iraq. Published time: 18:41:44 on September 11[th], 2015. China Media Network News from November 9[th]: Bagdax Network Ablimit translation: According to information from the United Nations, cholera has been spreading in Iraq since September of this year
10	Adding Fuel to Fire: Cholera Outbreak in Iraq Send time: 2015-11-09 18:41:44 source: China News Web, editor: Ablimit; China News Web reports, November 9; Ablimit translated from "Baghdash" WebAccording to the information on the UN webpage, cholera has begun to spread in Iraq
8	After an armistice in Syria, 687 people were killed.
8	After the announcement of armistice, 687 people died.
1 7	A sudden avalanche occurred on the Sayram-Kengsay high speed highway China News, February 12. On February 11th at around 9 pm, Urumqi time, a sudden avalanche occurred at the exit of the Jungo Tunnel, between Ghulja to Urumqi on the Sayram-Kengsay high speed highway. The piles of avalanche debris have reached as high as three meters and eight meters wide. About four meters of the road surface has been blocked by piles of snow. It's reported that a patrolman from the Kengsay Sector of the Xinjiang Ili Prefecture Highway Department immediately reported the disaster upon discovering it the same day. The Sector first sent two snow sweepers and six personnel to the area to respond. On that day, by 9:55 pm, the snow clean-up was completed
1 7	An avalanche suddenly happened on the Sayram-Kangsay freeway. China News reports on Feb 12th: Around 9 pm on Feb 11th, an avalanche happened near the Jun Go tunnel exit on the Sayram-Kangsay freeway from Yili to Urumqi. Snow up to 3 meters high 8 meters long may cover about 4 meters of the road. It was reported that an investigator from the Highways Agency of Yili Prefecture discovered the avalanche and reported it immediately. A local station sent two snowplows and six workers to deal with the emergency. By 9:55, the snow had been cleaned completely
7	A four-year-old girl who saved herself when her house got on fire. Resource from qq.co... Translated by Nur Website. According to the report from Gdongin hin network on Feb. 23, yesterday morning after nine, there was a fire in a 4-floored building in Duyuv village, Lojov Town, Sangshin District, Fuzhou. A girl, alone at home, hid in the restroom that had water, and closed the door to avoid spreading the smoke and fire into it after she found a fire in her house
7	Resource:qq.co... Four-year-old girl survived a fire in her home The report of Guangdong Net on February 23rd. Translation by Nur Net. A four-story house caught fire in Duyuan Village, Luzhou town, Sangshan district, Fuzhou at about nine o'clock yesterday. The girl was alone in the house at the time. When she discovered the fire, she immediately hid in the bathroom, where water was available, and closed the door and window in order to prevent the smoke and fire from entering the bathroom
10	{& H% p9 Y+ h- R. A reporter met this girl and her mother, Ms. Chen, in Fujian Province Geology Hospital. Even though this girl's face had darkened because of the smoke, she was not injured
10	{& H% p9 Y+ h- R. M A reporter met the smart girl and her mother, Mrs. Chen, at the Geology hospital in Fujian Province. The fire scorched the girl's face black but did not hurt her at all
10	As of October 1s, 3338 people have died and 7178 people have been infected. Recently, the number of people who died with the Ebola virus this year equaled the total number of people who died with the Eloba virus in Africa in the past. First, we need to learn about animal parasites that carry the Ebola virus and other infectious diseases
10	By October 1, 3,338 people have died and 7,178 people have been infected. The total deaths of recent Ebola virus patients are reaching the amount of total deaths of Ebola patients in all of Africa in the past. First and foremost, we must make ourselves familiar with Ebola and other contagious diseases' animal parasites
10 1 8	The Nigeria place of worship bombing incident caused 22 death and 35 injuries. East Turkistan Informatio
10 1 8	An explosion happened in a mosque in Nigeria, killed 22 people and injured 35 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
1	Due to a cyclone in Fiji 35 thousand people lost their residences. Fijian government officials reported that 35 thousand people lost their residences due to the cyclone. They are staying in shelters now
1	Affected by the storm in Fiji, 35,000 people were wandering outside. Fiji government officials have reported that their country has suffered from a big storm and that 35,000 affected people were living in shelters
10	An explosion occurred in Ankara, resulting in 27 deaths and 75 injuries.
10	A bombing happened in Ankara, killed 27 people and injured 75 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
10	The newest data from the Center for Disease Control (CDC) from yesterday showed that 19 teenagers died due to illnesses that infectious diseases brought throughout the past week. From the beginning of flu season last September until the present, 45 children have died due to being infected with flu. Among them there were six people who died due to flu in Texas, which made Texas state with the highest death rate in America. During the flu season this year, the flu virus spread throughout America. Fifty percent of 46 states were already infected with flu. It was reported that higher number of children and elderly were staying in hospitals due to flu
10	According to the latest data which was announced yesterday by the U.S. Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention (CDC), just in the last week 19 juveniles lost their lives due to the following disease of influenza. During the influenza season that has started last September 45 children lost their lives nationwide. Among them six were in Texas, making it the highest record holder among the infected US states. During this year's influenza season the influenza virus has spread almost to all US states and in 46 states more than 50% of the state's territory has been infected. Enrollment of juveniles and old people to the hospital has significantly increased
10	Flu spread is at its peak throughout 46 states in the United States and has killed 45 children. A report of China Xinhua News from Houston: flu spread again, which causes death in many people every year. Currently flu spread is at its peak throughout 46 states in the United States and has killed 45 children. That was why a lot of places in America were declaring a state of emergency
10	Influenza Outbreak in 46 US States, Killing 45 Children China News Agency, January 16 telegram from Houston: An infectious disease that claims hundreds of lives each year has spread again. Currently, influenza has wildly spread in 46 US states and already has taken lives of 45 children. For this reason, many areas of the USA have turned into an urgent public health situation
10	The National Health and Family Control Department reported that the first case of Zika infection in our country was discovered on the 9[th]. According to the notice, the patient was a 34-years-old male from Ganxian County, Gansu City, in Jiangxi province. He was working in a company in Dongguan City of Guangdong Province . He traveled to Venezuela before caught the disease
10	The National Health and Family Planning Committee 9th day warned that a Zika virus infection has been discovered in our country. According to the notification, the patient is a 34-year old male, a native of Ganxian county of Ganzhou city of Jiangxi Province, and currently working in a firm in Dongguan city of Guangdong province. Before getting sick, the patient had travelled to Venezuela
10	According to the notice, the patient was a 34-years-old male from Ganxian County, Gansu City, in Jiangxi province. He was working in a company in Dongguan City of Guangdong Province . He traveled to Venezuela before caught the disease. The symptoms, including fever, headache, and dizziness, happened when the patient was in Venezuela on January 28[th]. At that time, the patient received diagnosis and treatment
10	According to the notification, the patient is a 34-year old male, a native of Ganxian county of Ganzhou city of Jiangxi Province, and currently working in a firm in Dongguan city of Guangdong province. Before getting sick, the patient had travelled to Venezuela. When the patient was in Venezuela on January 28, he got a high temperature and a headache, as well as dizziness. The patient was diagnosed and treated at local hospitals
1 7	The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery. After a landslide occurred in Badahxan province in the northeastern part of Afghanistan on the 2nd, the village was buried under the debris. The local government confirmed the deaths of 350 people and that of 2000 people were missing. Unfortunately, the number of people affected by the disaster remains unclear
1 7	The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The landslide disaster occurred on May 2nd and the people in the village all have been buried in Badakhshan province, in the northwest part of Afghanistan. The local government confirmed more than 350 people were dead and more than 2,000 people were missing following the disaster. But a definite death count has not been confirmed
7	According to British media, a rescue team from the United Nations was now focusing on resettling the 400 survivors. They used small vehicles and helicopters to deliver emergency relief goods to the disaster areas. The local government helped to resettle survivors in temporary shelters. However, it also explained that not enough shelters were available for survivors. On the 3[rd], people from the village of Aab Barik, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan, waited around the disaster area, hoping for excavators to dig out survivors. Currently, the one and only large rescue vehicle was an excavator which the local government transported in with a truck. Some village residents around the area also helped in the rescue by using shovels to move the rocks away. One of survivals who luckily escaped the mudslide disaster reported: "I was buying something at that moment. After I head that the village was covered with rocks, I ran back to my home. Unfortunately, all of my four children and wife were already buried under the rocks." The wife and five children of Piro, another resident, were also killed and buried under the rocks. When the disaster happened, he was standing on top of his roof. After heard a sudden intense sound, he saw the foundation of mountain collapse and destroy a couple of houses. While he was collecting neighbors and encouraging them to take part in the rescue work, even bigger rocks along with mud began rolling down from the mountain. He and his neighbors had to run with no choice left. When they looked back, the village had already "disappeared.
7	According to the UK media, a United Nations relief team gave attention to the situation of the 400 people who had survived, transferring relief items, small cars and helicopters to the disaster areas. Surviving villagers had been situated in temporary housing by the local government. But reportedly there had not been nearly enough tents to provide to people who lost their houses. Many people were waiting for the excavator to dig out the corpses under the soil in Abi-Barik Village of Badakhshan province, Afghanistan, on May 3rd. The excavator was the only rescue vehicle transported on the truck by the local government. The nearest villager with a small hoe also took part in the relief work. One of the survivors said: "At that time, I was shopping in the bazaar, then hearing the news of thedisaster, I went back home immediately, but my wife and four children had been buried by the soil." iroza's wife and five children, from another village, also were buried by the soil in the disaster. When the disaster happened, he heard a sudden loud noise on the roof, then saw the collapsed mountain, at close range, strike some houses in the village. Big stones and debris had been falling down when he intended to warn the neighborhood, so he and some of his neighbors had been running away, but as they turned around and looked at the village, the village had "disappeared.
7	The government of Afghanistan decided to change the place that a landslide occurred, into a communal cemetery. The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery
7	Afghanistan to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave
8	Three Chinese were killed at car explosion in Shandong: East Turkistan propaganda center
8	Three Chinese people died during the bus bombing accident. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
8	A sanatorium has been attacked in Yemen
8	A nursing home in Yemen was attacked.
7	350 houses were destroyed during the Hotan earthquake. A report from the Chinese police network showed that the 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, at 5:15 pm on the 12[th]. The police authority actively collected information about the rescue efforts. he earthquake happened in Azan village in Keriya Province, which is located in the middle of the mountainous areas of Karakum. It was 50 kilometers away from the local village government. After the earthquake, the Keriya Police authority presented and went forward with "A Draft of the Severe Earthquake Rescue Plan" at the first opportunity. It also connected with the Police Authority of Azan village to investigate the death and injury situation. Accordingly, the four villages, Pixka, Tar Egiz, Tugmanbexi, Azan, that were closest to the epicenter had experienced very strong shaking. Currently, the police are carrying out rescure work for these four villages. Based on news releases, almost 350 houses were damaged in varying degrees, and more than 260 animal enclosures collapsed. Three sheep died.Currently, more than 70 people from the Police, Fire and Air Force Departments arrived at the disaster scene to take part in the rescue work
7	There were 350 houses ruined in the earthquake in Hotan. The Chinese Police Network, in a telegram, at15:19:50 p.m. February 12th, reported that an earthquake of M7.3 hit Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in Yutian County. The Yutian County Public Security Bureau asked for timely information and collected rescue methods for post-earthquake relief. The earthquake happened in Azan Township, Yutian County. The epicenter was located in the inner part of the Karakorum Mountains, about 50km far away from the Township Government. After the earthquake, the Yutian County Public Security Bureau immediately took a "Preliminary Plan for relief against disaster" and cooperated with the Azan Township Public Security Bureau to determine whether there were fatalities. It was reported that the quake was strongly felt in four villages nearest to the epicenter including Pishigai Village, Tar Egiz Village, Tugman Beshi Village and Azan Village. The police also arranged for people to carry out the rescue work in those four villages. According to the latest report, there have been more than 350 houses destroyed in varying degrees, more than 260 sheepfolds collapsed and three sheep died, as of now. So far, more than 70 persons from the Public Security Bureau, Fire Protection and Armed Police have arrived at the earthquake site to aid in rescue efforts
8	Russian jets started to bomb Syria.
8	Russian airplanes started their bombarding in Syria again.
10	12:10 6-4-2015 time The medication advertised for curing Aids might be counterfeit goods in Xinjiang market. Bilking people is increasing among Uyghurs. ...........................................................................................................................
10	Published 12:10 pm. April 6th, 2015. Medications in Xinjian which are claimed can treat AIDS could be fake. Situations like cheating people are getting serious in Uyghur community......................................................................................
10	It is clear to everybody that there has not been a cure for Aids. But some dishonest sellers used some rumors like "a Muslim physician in Yemen cured Aids", "a medicine was invented in Saudi Arabia", "the Western scientists deliberately covered this things" to take advantage of our Aids infected Uyghur brothers. They are taking money saying " you'll be cured if Allah wills when I order some medicine from Yemen"
10	We all know that there is no effective treatment for AIDS now. However some hypocrite sellers using nonsenses to blackmail Uyghur people with AIDS like saying, "Some Muslim traditional doctor from Yemen healed AIDS," or, "Medicine for AIDS was made in Arabia," or, "Western scientists had hidden the news". They cheated people's money by saying: "If I bought medications from Yemen for you, Allah would help to treat your disease.
10	Termiler: whatever goods I am going to purchase I check the prices of and differences on Taobao and Jingdong first and then purchase. In Guma county, just in front of the National Medicial Hospital of the county, a man opened a monopoly store called the Lukman Hekim Medicines. The company already lost its reputation and people who opened the store aren't concerned about selling the company's medicines
10	Gleanings: Before I purchase anything, I will compare its market price with its Tao Bao and Jin Dong prices, and then purchase. A person from Guma province built a "Lokman Hakim Exclusive Store" in front of Traditional Uyghur Hospital. Medications from this company caused negative side-effects which isn't bringing any distresses to these "Exclusive stores"
10	150 killed, 390 injured in Mina: East Turkistan Propaganda Center http://t.co/r7knWkeHrg #uyhewe
10	150 people died and 390 people were injured in Mina. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center. http://t.co/r7knWkeHrg #uyhewe
8	Suicide attack hit Kabul
8	Human bomb attack happened in Kabul.
8	A bloody day in Syria
8	A bloody day in Syria.
8	28 people related to iron mine attack in Bay county sentenced to death: Chinese government on Friday sentenced iron mine attackers in Bay county...
8	The Chinese government killed 28 people who were related to the Coal Mine attack on Friday.
1	The number of victims in the Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000. The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown
1	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. e The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong)
1	The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown. The statistic released by the Civil Affair Bureau of the Autonomous Region shows that as of eight o'clock on Feb 14, in the quake-hit Hotan District's six counties (including Keriye, Chira, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan) 58,127 people were affected. 19905 has been relocated to a safe place. 3246 properties belonging to 1156 families have been toppled, 14540 properties belonging to 5489 families have been seriously damaged, and 2163 various livestock have been killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km in roads have been damaged. The death toll remains unknown. The damage investigation is still underway
1	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong). According to the Statistics of Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region, by 8:00 a.m. (Urumchi time) on February 14th, there were total of 58,127 victims in Keriya, Minfeng, Qira, Lop, Moyu and Hotan counties. 19,905 people were moved for relocation. 3,426 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, serious damage was done to 14,540 houses of 5,489 families, slight damage done to 15,782 houses of 7,254 families and 2,163 livestock have died. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of roads were damaged. The number of casualties is not known. Further investigation into the disaster situation is being done
10	The number of victims in the Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000. The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown. The statistic released by the Civil Affair Bureau of the Autonomous Region shows that as of eight o'clock on Feb 14, in the quake-hit Hotan District's six counties (including Keriye, Chira, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan) 58,127 people were affected. 19905 has been relocated to a safe place. 3246 properties belonging to 1156 families have been toppled, 14540 properties belonging to 5489 families have been seriously damaged, and 2163 various livestock have been killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km in roads have been damaged. The death toll remains unknown. The damage investigation is still underway. Up to now, the Civil Affairs Bureau of Autonomous Region has distributed 500 tents, 1500 sets of bedclothes, and 1500 overcoats. 5.4 million Yuan has been allocated to this region for disaster relief. 54.4 tons of flour, 3550 kg cooking oil, and 610 tons of coal have also been allocated to ensure the livelihood of victims. Victims' food, cloths, and living place have been ensured. On Feb.13, the first batch of relief goods from the Red Cross Society of China reached Pishker Village in Atchan Township, the area closest to the epicenter . A 7.3 magnitude earthquake jolted Hotan District on Feb. 12 at 5:19 p.m. The epicenter, with a depth of 1200 m, was located at 36.1 degrees north latitude, and 82.5 degrees longitude. uqkun0908 5 titles, 4 friends, 3320 collections, active member contribution 44%, member's information, register number: 16924, messages: 229, trophy points: 1, forum money: 16, contribution: 1030, online time: 179 hours, latest online time: 10 8 2015, messages and chat. Pray for our poor mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters. May our merciful Allah bless all of you. Feedback reported. kurax-arman 0 titles, 0 friends, 448 collections, regular member contribution 74%, member's information, register number: 25284, messages: 52, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 179 hours, latest online time: 10 8 2015, messages and chat. All the people should have resided in earthquake resistant houses, right? ? feedback reported The fund of earthquake-resistant houses for the native folks was run out by the corrupt officials in order not to jolt their official position. How they could move the new houses? The south is the most corrupt land. If this government should eliminate these extreme boars in the south, rather than arresting the corrupt officials in the inland, there would be a stable, peaceful, fair and harmonious Xinjiang society. reported on Feb 15, 2014, at 15:31. Where is Alim Haliq, the barbecue chief? Sichuan, Yushu, Wench, Teskin. I saw on T.V. that today Alim left for Hotan because his wife had given birth. But I don't know, what does he carry? According to a recent noon newscast, Alim Haliq left with the cash and materials. His wife just gave birth, so he didn't depart on time, as expected. I saw many websites, and no one spoke well of him. Can you provide more details
10	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. e The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong). According to the Statistics of Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region, by 8:00 a.m. (Urumchi time) on February 14th, there were total of 58,127 victims in Keriya, Minfeng, Qira, Lop, Moyu and Hotan counties. 19,905 people were moved for relocation. 3,426 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, serious damage was done to 14,540 houses of 5,489 families, slight damage done to 15,782 houses of 7,254 families and 2,163 livestock have died. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of roads were damaged. The number of casualties is not known. Further investigation into the disaster situation is being done. So far, the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region has delivered 500 tents, 1,500 quilts and 1,500 pieces of cotton to the disaster area. It has issued disaster relief funds of 5.4 million yuan to the disaster area. The relief supplies have been handed out to the victims, including 54.4 tons of flour, 3,350 kilograms of cooking oil, 610 tons of coal, and so on. The department is making efforts to help the victims, and safeguard the people's food, clothing, shelter, and other life necessities. The first batch of relief supplies from the Red Cross Society of China was delivered to the Atikuoeddie village in the township of Inbag in Keriya County close to the epicenter on February 13th. At 17:19 on February 12th, an earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale occurred in Keriya county and Hotan. The epicenter is located in 36.1 ° N and 182.5 °E, and the focal depth is 12 km. uqkun0908 5 topics, 4 friends, accumulated 3,320, upgrades of active members, 44%, member log-ins: 16,924, written numbers: 229, outstanding content: 1, forum coins: 16, contributions: 1,030, online time: 179 hours, the last time online: on August 10, 2015, information talk in. Make a wish for the safety of the poor parents and sisters. May God bless you! Tip-off. kurax-arman 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 448, upgrade of active members 74%, member log-ins: 25,284, written numbers: 52, outstanding content: 0, forum coins: 0, contribution: 132, online time: 7 hours, the last time online: on March 19, 2014, information talk in. It would be good if all the people moved into the anti-seismic rooms??????????? ? Tip-off. It's a pity that the disaster relief fund issued to the victims has been used up by corrupt officials. How can they move into new houses? The worst place of corruption is in the south of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region. The government should not only arrest the corrupt officials on the mainland, but also quickly wipe out the brutal corrupt officials in the south of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region to establish social stability, peace and equality, and build peace in Xinjiang. teskin issued at 15:30 on March 15, 2014: Alim Harik, where are you? I learned from TV that his wife gave birth to a baby. He didn't stay with his wife in time and went to Hotan today. But I don't know what gifts should be taken for his wife. According to the news broadcast at noon, Alim Harik went to Hotan with cash and relief supplies. It is said that he did not depart early because his wife gave birth to a baby. If we accept the donation, is it serious? I have searched many websites; no one says a good word about him. Please give us explanations
8	Memorial to July 5[th] Urumqi riots held in Washington. On July 5[th] , 2009, riots occurred in Urumqi which can be seen as the most serious massacre in recent Uyghur history and also made a big impression worldwide. Now, the 6[th] anniversary was approaching. Although the Urumqi riots happened 6 years ago, the Chinese government has not yet provided any information about the dead and missing Uyghur citizens after the riot. Additionally, the Chinese government has intensified strategies for oppressing the Uyghur people, including illegal arrests and repression of social economy, religion, and culture
8	The July 5th Urumqi Incident is Being Remembered in front of the Chinese Embassy in Washington DC The sixth anniversary of the 2009 July 5th incident of Urumqi, one of the bloodiest genocides in the Uyghur history that made a remarkable international shock, is approaching. Though it's been six years since the July 5th Urumqi incident, the Chinese government still hasn't answer the questions regarding the numbers of the victims and disappeared people, both during and after the episode. Meanwhile, the Chinese government's various policies such as illegal detention, political, social, economic, religious and cultural crackdown toward Uyghurs are still continuing
10 7	Rescue project of "February 12[th] " Keriya earthquake handled as planned After the earthquake struck Keriya on February 12[th] , the Xinjiang Communist Party paid close attention to it, and assigned a disaster crisis team to respond as quickly as possible to the rescue project
10 7	The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed in orderly fashion The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been performed in orderly fashion. Following the earthquake in Keriye on February 12, the CPC Central committee and the Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangements immediately to provide relief. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived promptly at the affected area and started their emergency work immediately
10	A new desert disease appeared in Saudi Arabia and killed 102 people. According to news from Qatar Island Television Station news on China News Network on April 28[th], on Sunday, April 27[th], a new crown-like virus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In Corona, the virus has already resulted in infections of 26 thousand people and 8 deaths. On Saturday, April 26[th], Greece stated that they had found the first case that was infected with this virus. It is known that this passenger came back from Riyadh to Grace
10	A New Infectious Virus Has Discovered in Saudi Arabia, Killing 102 People China News Web: According to an April 28 report from al-Jazeera TV in Qatar, on April 27, Sunday, a new infectious coronavirus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In the Kroniya region the virus has already infected 26 people and killed eight. On April 26, Saturday, Egypt reported that they have discovered the first patient infected with this virus. It's reported that the patient came to Egypt from Riyadh
10	According to news from Qatar Island Television Station news on China News Network on April 28[th], on Sunday, April 27[th], a new crown-like virus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In Corona, the virus has already resulted in infections of 26 thousand people and 8 deaths. On Saturday, April 26[th], Greece stated that they had found the first case that was infected with this virus. It is known that this passenger came back from Riyadh to Grace. Currently, in Saudi Arabia, 339 have been infected with this virus and 102 have died
10	China News Web: According to an April 28 report from al-Jazeera TV in Qatar, on April 27, Sunday, a new infectious coronavirus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In the Kroniya region the virus has already infected 26 people and killed eight. On April 26, Saturday, Egypt reported that they have discovered the first patient infected with this virus. It's reported that the patient came to Egypt from Riyadh. Currently, already 339 people have been infected with this virus and 102 people have died
10	A new desert disease appeared in Saudi Arabia and killed 102 people. According to news from Qatar Island Television Station news on China News Network on April 28[th], on Sunday, April 27[th], a new crown-like virus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In Corona, the virus has already resulted in infections of 26 thousand people and 8 deaths
10	A New Infectious Virus Has Discovered in Saudi Arabia, Killing 102 People China News Web: According to an April 28 report from al-Jazeera TV in Qatar, on April 27, Sunday, a new infectious coronavirus was discovered in Saudi Arabia. In the Kroniya region the virus has already infected 26 people and killed eight
10	On Sunday and Saturday, the Saudi Arabian Health Department published two statements about the spread of this virus, and updated conditions of the virus on Organ Network. The Saudi Arabian Heath Department stated that only 80 people were identified out of 120 dead people, including a nine-month-old baby. Mostly newly-infected people were in the capital city, Riyadh, and other cities. On Saturday, April 26[th], the Health Department visited medical hospitals in Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam, which were taking care of 146 severely infected patients
10	On Sunday and Saturday the website of the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia broadcasted two statements, informing about the transmission and the latest situation of the virus. The statement of the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia said that the death toll has already reached 102 and 80 people have been registered, including a nine-month old infant. Newly discovered patients are mostly located in Riyadh, the capital, and in Mecca. On April 26, Saturday, the head of the Ministry of Health observed hospitals in Riyadh, Jiddah, and Daman. 146 patients were being treated in the hospitals of these cities
10	The Saudi Arabian Heath Department stated that only 80 people were identified out of 120 dead people, including a nine-month-old baby. Mostly newly-infected people were in the capital city, Riyadh, and other cities. On Saturday, April 26[th], the Health Department visited medical hospitals in Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam, which were taking care of 146 severely infected patients. The King of Saudi Arabia, Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, fired the current director of the Health Department. However, other authorities from Saudi Arabia are concerned about preventing the spread of infectious disease
10	The statement of the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia said that the death toll has already reached 102 and 80 people have been registered, including a nine-month old infant. Newly discovered patients are mostly located in Riyadh, the capital, and in Mecca. On April 26, Saturday, the head of the Ministry of Health observed hospitals in Riyadh, Jiddah, and Daman. 146 patients were being treated in the hospitals of these cities. Last week, Abdullah Ben Abdul Aziz, the King of Saudi Arabia, fired the former Health Minister. However, the majority of Saudi Arabian citizens is worried about Saudi Arabia's handling of the prevention of infectious disease
8	A special force policemen head, who surpassed Bay Yareriq Attackers, was killed by Bay mine attackers' bullets.
8	An officer, the head of special police who conquered the Bay Yakaerik attacker died from the bullet of an attacker from the Bay coal mine.
8	Elementary students suffered knife attack in Haikou city China: Feb 29 in Haikou China...
8	On February 29th, an elementary school in Hankou city of China was attacked with knives.
1 3	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County
1 3	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County
1	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County. The construction effort to settle and enrich the people has been advanced in the shape of rebuilding roads, electric wires, stream and irrigation channels...Sadik Rejep, party secretary of Pishke town, claimed that "in the reconstruction after earthquake has begun since March 24, 25 houses have been roofed among whole villages, and construction will be accomplished at the end of May.
1	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County. The construction of quake-resistant housing has begun, and the richness project has been broadly undertaken, as have the orderly reconstruction of roads, electricity wires, and irrigation channels. Sadiq Rejep, the Pishke village Party chief, said: "Since starting reconstruction works on March 25th, the roofs of 25 families' houses were covered. The construction will finish up at the end of May.
10	Published time: at 10:32:20 of November 11[th], 2014. Editor Ablimit's translation from Entrepreneur Network: Bagdax Network: A report from Johnson-Brock on November 29[th]: On November 29[th], the WHO disclosed the newest report on deaths from Ebola virus. The total number of people who died with the Ebola virus from all over the world increased comparing to two days ago from 6943 to 5689. The WHO declared that severely contagious areas included Libya, Guinea and Sri Lanka; there were 7244 people from Libya who were infected, and 4181 of them died. In Sri Lanka, there were 6802 people were infected and 1463 of them died
10	Send time: 2014-11-30, 30 09:59:13 China News Web; editor: Ablimit; source: China News Web, taken from Baghdash Web; translated by Ablimit; China News Web's telegram from Johannesburg, November 29.On November 29 the World Health Organization (WHO) announced the newest death toll of the Ebola virus disease. The number of victims of the Ebola virus infection in various countries has suddenly increased from two days ago 5,689 to 6,943 people. WHO's announcement regarding the serious infection in Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leon said that in Liberia 7,244 people were infected and 4,181 people have died of the virus. In Sierra Leon 6,802 people were infected and 1,463 people have died
10	In Guinea, there were 2123 people were infected and 1284 of them died. Besides these, based on previous data from the WHO, in other countries like Nigeria, there were 20 people infected and 8 of them died. In Mali, there were 8 people infected and 6 of them died. In America, there were 4 people infected and 1 of them died. In Spain, although there was documentation of an infection, there were no reports of deaths
10	In Guinea 2,123 people were infected and 1,284 people have died. Except from this, according to the previous data announced by WHO, in other countries like in Nigeria 20 people were infected and eight people have died; in Mali eight people were effected and six people have died; in USA four people were infected and one person has died. Though an infected patient is reported in Spain, no death has occurred
10	Besides these, based on previous data from the WHO, in other countries like Nigeria, there were 20 people infected and 8 of them died. In Mali, there were 8 people infected and 6 of them died. In America, there were 4 people infected and 1 of them died. In Spain, although there was documentation of an infection, there were no reports of deaths. So far, including the outbreak of the Ebola virus starting in February, at least 16,203 people have been infected, and 6,943 of them died
10	Except from this, according to the previous data announced by WHO, in other countries like in Nigeria 20 people were infected and eight people have died; in Mali eight people were effected and six people have died; in USA four people were infected and one person has died. Though an infected patient is reported in Spain, no death has occurred. Up until now, two months into this year, during the spread of Ebola virus which had started from Guinea, at least 16,203 people have been infected and 6,943 people have died
10	Donations for the Affected Area We stepped into the new year, 2014, with great wishes and fresh hopes. With the active and selfless guidance of our responsible mentors and their hard work, we had positive change in our stock market after the new year and our stock price picked up. At the moment that all of us were very confident and happy, unexpected bad news made us unhappy. That was a Magnitude 7.3 earthquake that hit Keriya, Hotan Prefecture, on February 12, 2014. Yes, the earth shook, our land shook. The nation trembled and hearts trembled. The hearts of our brothers living in the land have been crushed and a sorrow has come to their life. Our brothers in other places were broken hearted because of that and they were so sympathetic, compassionate, and caring about their brothers. Following this, some rumors and gossip spread on the virtual world called the internet. However, the Tengritagh Stock Exchange website, a well known website for the united spirit and its mission statement of charity and care, has not been involved with rumors and gossip on forums and Wechat. The website demonstrated its greatness and never forgot its responsibilities. The company educated stockholders and provided the latest stock exchange information in its fundraising activity. It tied to fulfill its responsibility by taking real action but not by just talking and spreading rumors. This is the list for the names (nicknames) and the amount of donations of the friends who voluntarily attended our fundraising activity for the affected people in Keriya: Qirankam, Mollam, Elqut, Sehejan, Shahnaz, Qarleylisi, Chaqmaq,...500 CNY each. Etitgul Queen (Turpan) 400 CNY, Tiwilghu Lady, Diyar, Dinaqiz, Boway 60, Mubarek, 300 CNY each. Adalet, Nazuk, Obuljan, Kapitan 2322, Xudatowa, Gulruh, Oktemjan, Jesur, Insanchiliq, Ruxsar, Namelum Dost, 200 CNY each. Jasaret, Burkut (Urumchi), Qadirop, Banu Ayim, Shehrizat, Paknur, Dildane, Ependim, Yultuz, Qehriman, Orkesh... each donated 100 CNY. Our friend Aliye donated 200 CNY on behalf of the Stock Exchange website in the affected area. We truly thank all of our charitable people named above. Of course, the charitable activities of the Stock Exchange website are not only this. Our website, the Stock Exchange, has never forgotten charity and it has been very active and obliging in helping people who were seriously sick or students who were in financial difficulties. It will never stop organising these kinds of charitable activities in the future. The Stock Exchange website thanks all the friends who attended the fundraising activity. The information about how the donations are delivered will be released to the public on the website, QQ, and Wechat Circle. The Tengritagh Stock Exchang
10	Donation to the earthquake area in Yutian. We started out in 2014 with great hopes and new desires. Teachers regarded us with great responsibility. After working hard and teaching us actively, selflessly, teachers brought us into the New Year by replacing the red digits and bringing the negative numbers closer to positive numbers in our accounts in the stock market. At the time we all felt confident, but suddenly, sadness overwhelmed our hearts. On December 2, 2014, there was a magnitude 7.3 earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan prefecture. Yes, it was the earthquake that shook the earth, terrified the people and frightened many hearts. The hearts of our brothers who were living on that land were broken which caused them to worry. Sympathy, grief and support overwhelmed the hearts of those who lived in other areas. Rumors and gossip are everywhere on this so-called Internet, the virtual world. However, our website, Tianshan Akisiye net, at the start made unity the standard and charity an obligation and displayed the advantages of being free of rumor and gossip and remembered the obligation to the online forum, qq and WeChat. They trained shareholders with stock market information and freely organized a donation event. They did their duty with action not with gossip. In the charity event for the victims of the earthquake in Yutian county, the donation amount and names of the donors are as follows, uncle Qiran, Mollam, Alqut, Sehejan gave 500 Yuan each and Atirgul, Shahnaz, Xuelian, Chaqmaq gave 60 Yuan each; Miss Tiwilghu, Diyar, Dinaqiz gave 400 Yuan each; Adalet, Nazuk, Obuljan, Kapitan gave 2,322 Yuan each; Gvlruh, Oktemjan, Jesur and Ruhser gave 200 Yuan each. Jasaret, Burkut(from Urumqi), Kadirop, Banuayim, Shehrizat, Paknur, Dildane, Yultuz, Kahriman, Orkesh gave 100 each. Our friend, Ruhset, went on site and made a donation of 200 Yuan on behalf of Akisiye net. We express our gratitude to those who donated. Of course the amount of charity work done by Akisiye net will be reported. Helping illness or helping students who have financial problems, Akisiye Net always remember to do social work like this and they do this charity work as a duty. These kinds of works will be continued. Akisiye Net expressed gratitude to those who participated in charity event. Akisiye Net will publish how the donations reached the victims on the website and qq and WeChat group. Tagritag Akisiye Net
10 4	He was born to a wealthy peasant family in 1925. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youngsters were offered scholarships from the French Protectorate of Cambodia to study in Paris, France. (At that time, Cambodia was under French suzerainty.) Among them, there was one peasant's son. This youth's name was Saloth Sar, and his later name was Pol Pot. (However, at that time, even his family didn't know Pol Pot was his name. Since 1975, this name, Pol Pot, has become a shocking name in Cambodia.) After Saloth Sar came to Paris, he got in touch with Cambodian students and joined the Cambodian Student Union. During this time, after he studied Marxism and Leninism, he formed his understandings of socialism and communism. In 1950, Saloth Sar founded the Cambodian Communist Party. In 1956, he returned to his country and worked for the French underground anti-colonist movement. Following that, he gained more and more power. In 1976, by overturning the pro-American regime with his armed forces, he became prime minister. Then, the skirmishes that were occurring between the Vietnamese and Cambodians intensified into a war between them. As a result, Vietnam occupied most parts of Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge sentenced him to lifelong imprisonment in 1997. He died due to illness. In 1970, Lon Nol seized the regime from Sihanouk under the American military's support. In 1975, Pol Pot declared unexpectedly his order of starting a revolution. On April 17, 1975, he became prime minister by overthrowing Lon Nol's regime. On June 21, 1975, Mao Zedong met Pol Pot. On January 1, 1976, he announced new a constitution and laws and changed the country's name to Democratic Cambodia
10 4	He was born into a rich peasant family. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youth won scholarships to study in Paris (Cambodia was a colony of France at that time). Among them was a peasant's son named Saloth Sar, also called Burbutie (though his family didn't know it, he was called Burbu as well. From the year of 1975 on, the name Burbu would be very famous in Cambodia). After he came to Paris, Sharlut Zhao made contact with students who had come to Paris previously, and invited them to join the <Cambodia students' union>. During this time, he studied Marxism and Leninism, and formed his views on social democracy. In 1950, Sharlut Zhao established the <Cambodia communist party>. In 1956, he went back to his country and engaged in underground activities against the French colonial regime. Later on, he gradually enhanced his activities, and in 1976, he overthrew the pro-American government. After that, Vietnam would occupy most of the country in the course of the war between Cambodia and Vietnam. In 1997, Burbu was sentenced to life imprisonment and died of an illness in 1998. Earlier, the Langno group had overthrown Sihanouk with the help of America. In 1975, Burbu had ordered the whole country to start a revolution, which overthrew the Langno group. On June 21st, 1975, Mao Zedong met with Burbu. On May 1st, 1976, Burbu proclaimed a constitution and established democratic Cambodia
10	Pol Pot, a Stalin from Southeastern Asia Pol Pot, a Stalin from Southeastern Asia He was born to a wealthy peasant family in 1925. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youngsters were offered scholarships from the French Protectorate of Cambodia to study in Paris, France. (At that time, Cambodia was under French suzerainty.) Among them, there was one peasant's son. This youth's name was Saloth Sar, and his later name was Pol Pot. (However, at that time, even his family didn't know Pol Pot was his name. Since 1975, this name, Pol Pot, has become a shocking name in Cambodia.) After Saloth Sar came to Paris, he got in touch with Cambodian students and joined the Cambodian Student Union. During this time, after he studied Marxism and Leninism, he formed his understandings of socialism and communism. In 1950, Saloth Sar founded the Cambodian Communist Party. In 1956, he returned to his country and worked for the French underground anti-colonist movement. Following that, he gained more and more power. In 1976, by overturning the pro-American regime with his armed forces, he became prime minister. Then, the skirmishes that were occurring between the Vietnamese and Cambodians intensified into a war between them. As a result, Vietnam occupied most parts of Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge sentenced him to lifelong imprisonment in 1997. He died due to illness. In 1970, Lon Nol seized the regime from Sihanouk under the American military's support. In 1975, Pol Pot declared unexpectedly his order of starting a revolution. On April 17, 1975, he became prime minister by overthrowing Lon Nol's regime. On June 21, 1975, Mao Zedong met Pol Pot. On January 1, 1976, he announced new a constitution and laws and changed the country's name to Democratic Cambodia. As a result, King Sihanouk abdicated his throne. Then, the Khmer Rouge carried out pure communism, including the separation between private property and capitalism, the elimination of cities, the abolishment of normal martial life (the separation of married couples), the government with full interference in all social life, the establishment of society without the rich and the poor, compulsory labor on collective farms, dining together, and the elimination of religion and private property. And he carried out a socialist cleaning movement to suppress his opponents. At that time, there was no hospital or telegraph station in Cambodia, which caused one million 700 thousand people to die of starvation, war, and various crimes. Among them, there were two hundred thousand Chinese (some material indicated 3 million). Since that time, the name of Pol Pot has become a menace to the citizens. On December 28, 1978, Vietnam announced the invasion of Cambodia. After that, 10 divisions with 200,000 soldiers attacked from seven directions. Cambodians and international society condemned this Vietnamese invasion. In March 1981, the Cambodian Democratic Kingdom was independently established under the leadership of King Sihanouk. In September 1989, Vietnam recalled its army. When international society suggested together establishing a peaceful government, Pol Pot rejected it and expressed his insistent belief in communism. This made the Khmer Rouge isolated. Without international support, the Khmer Rouge was more isolated than before, which caused its life to become worse and worse. As a result, its armies turned into chaos. In addition, the people's living standard difference between Sihanouk's land and Khmer Rouge land rendered hesitation toward Khmer Rouge's rules. Therefore, Pol Pot had no choice but to reform his policies, and he allowed the soldiers to do business and have private properties. In 1993, Cambodia held a general election. But the Khmer Rouge didn't gain any votes because it had already lost people's trust (we all know the reason). In August 1996, the vice prime minister of the Khmer Rouge surrendered to the central government with 3000 soldiers. After Pol Pot was informed that the Khmer's commander-in-chief attempted to surrender to the central government, he executed the commander-in-chief's family, including the commander-in-chief, his wife, and children. The death of the commander-in-chief provoked the army. As a result, the military aimed at <Number One Brother>, and Pol Pot escaped. But he was captured and was sentenced to lifelong imprisonment. After Pol Pot died, Khmer Rouge's parts suddenly started to surrender to the central government. On December 5, 1988, the last part of the Khmer Rouge left the forest to surrender to the central government. Then, the Khmer Rouge was seriously destroyed. The morale of soldiers became low. The death of the commander-in-chief triggered armies' anger, which caused Pol Pot to be captured. On April 15, 1998, he died of heart disease. Four soldiers burned his body by pouring on gasoline after they covered his body with sheets. Hence, in the end, this tyrant's body was not buried. Let us see him if it is possible to provide his pictures. This bad guy was punished by justice. One death is not enough. Ah, this world! This world will reward or punish you based on what you did before. I heard that Cambodians should appreciate Vietnamese. They really should appreciate them. Cambodians stood on the streets in lines to welcome the Vietnamese Army. Our country declared a war on Vietnam in the earlier year. A war following by the shames of international society. Pol Pot, a right-winger, by leading communism into the evil route, ruined its image ahead of the people. If this right-winger Pol Pot ruled for a long time, Cambodia would turn into a primitive society
10	Stalin-Borbut in southeast Asia. talin-Borbut in southeast Asia. He was born into a rich peasant family. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youth won scholarships to study in Paris (Cambodia was a colony of France at that time). Among them was a peasant's son named Saloth Sar, also called Burbutie (though his family didn't know it, he was called Burbu as well. From the year of 1975 on, the name Burbu would be very famous in Cambodia). After he came to Paris, Sharlut Zhao made contact with students who had come to Paris previously, and invited them to join the <Cambodia students' union>. During this time, he studied Marxism and Leninism, and formed his views on social democracy. In 1950, Sharlut Zhao established the <Cambodia communist party>. In 1956, he went back to his country and engaged in underground activities against the French colonial regime. Later on, he gradually enhanced his activities, and in 1976, he overthrew the pro-American government. After that, Vietnam would occupy most of the country in the course of the war between Cambodia and Vietnam. In 1997, Burbu was sentenced to life imprisonment and died of an illness in 1998. Earlier, the Langno group had overthrown Sihanouk with the help of America. In 1975, Burbu had ordered the whole country to start a revolution, which overthrew the Langno group. On June 21st, 1975, Mao Zedong met with Burbu. On May 1st, 1976, Burbu proclaimed a constitution and established democratic Cambodia. Thus, the king, Sihanouk, had been deposed, after which the Khymer Rouge had implemented communism and declared a ban on possessing capitalist or personal goods, thereby eliminating features of normal life. He directed his government to control everything and destroy opposition. This policy caused 1 million and 700 thousand people to die by hunger, war, disease, and crime. The dead included 200 thousand Chinese. (Some materials said 3 million Chinese died). After that, name of Burbu instilledfear among the people. On Feb. 25th, 1978, Vietnam declared war on Cambodia, the 10th regiment with 200 thousand troops divided into 7 groups to attack Cambodia. Vietnam's aggression subjected it to strong opposition by global society and Cambodian society. In May, 1981, a Cambodian democratic regime was established by King Sihanouk. In September, 1989, Vietnam withdrew. While international society suggested that he build a peaceful country, Burbu refused and declared that he would stick to communism. Therefore, the Khymer Rouge isolated itself and lost the assistance of international society. The gradual deterioration of the social system and living standards made people doubtful about the administration of the Khymer Rouge. So Borbu relaxed his policy and permitted officers to do business and have their own goods. In 1993, there was a general election in which Khymer Rouge candidates were not elected (for reasons known to all of us). In August, 1996, the vice-premier of the Khymer Rouge surrendered to the central government, along with his more than 3,000 troops. In June, 1997, after hearing that the commander in chief had surrendered to the central government, Burbu arranged for someone to kill a family of 8 people, including the commander in chief, Songqing, and his wife and children on July 25th, 1997. The death of the commander in chief angered the army, but by then Burbu had gone away. Later on, Burbu was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment. After the death of Burbu, more and more people begin to surrender to the central government. By December 12th, 1998, the last 8 commanders had surrendered to the central government, along with more than 1,000 troops. The Khymer Rouge had suffered serious damage. A soldier's mood is not stable. The death of the commander in chief enraged the troops and led to the arrest of Burbu. On April 15th, 1998, he died of heart disease and his corpse was burned by 4 troops. Therefore, he still cannot build a monument to himself and his dictatorship. We want to see if you have a picture of him. He was punished by truth. One death is not enough. Oh world. The world would come back at you. I've heard the saying that we should thank Vietnam. We should thank them. Cambodians queued to welcome the Vietnamese. The next year, our country had declared war on Vietnam. They lost face in global society in the next war. Burbu had led communism into a blind alley and broken the image of communism. He would have turned Cambodia into a primitive society if he had stayed for a long time in the government
3	The natural and social disasters in Qarluq Ghol Last to edit this post: mykari
3	Natural and human disasters in Karluk Gol (Kariz) This report was finally edited by Mykariz
8	A suicide bombing attack took place in Russia.
8	Russia encountered a human bomb incident.
1	Philanthropist Fathers Showed their Sincere Sympathy to the People of Stricken Tokkuztara Area Correspondent Nijat Niyaz reports with photos: Though it's almost the month of December, Tokkuztara county in Ili Prefecture is still enjoying the warm weather. The warm sunshine is making people feel warm, prosperous and peaceful. The 10 representatives of the Philanthropist Fathers Collective of the Urumqi Charity Association who just travelled more than 800 kilometers distance from Urumqi have arrived in Tokkuztara county to express their sympathy to all people in the disaster area of Tokkuztara county. In the early morning of November 13, guided by the county and village leaders, the team went to the heavily damaged areas of Moyung Guzer hamlet, Gongshang hamlet, Kesme Bulaq hamlet, Kizilnur hamlet, Dongmelle hamlet, Oytam hamlet and Uchkun hamlet, of Dong Mahalla village in Tokkuztara county, and conveyed greetings to families who had been the recipients of the "minimum life insurance system" who have seriously suffered from the disaster, as well as veteran teachers and patriotic religious figures that numbered almost 100
1	Loving Fathers team showed their sympathy for the victims in Gongliu County. Station reporter Nijat Niyaz contributed to the report and picture: Even though it was going to be December, Yili Autonomous Prefecture was still warm, the sunshine in Gongliu County shone generously, which gave a kind of warm and peaceful feeling. Ten representatives of Urumqi Charity Association Loving Fathers Team had gone 800 kilometers to come to show their sympathy for Urumqi, and went to some towns like Muyungguzar, Gungshang, Kasmibulak, Kizilnur, Dongmahalla, Oytam, Uqkun, and had visited about 100 low income families, patriotic religious people, on the morning of the November 13th
3	In short, ,mighty nature punched us when we shouted at her. The masculine water comes down from the pick of Karakorum mountains, headbutting many dams and blocks, and becomes feminine water after losing its power. At the macro level, the water management became technical, systematic, and regulated
3	Quickly, we did some damage to nature, and it did even more damage to us. Water was falling down strongly from the big mountains, hit some dams and water "locks" while falling down to become "female water", then finally falling into little rivers and farms. Dams were updating in micro, technologic, systematic levels
8	Chinese student committed murder and was shot by police in USA: East Turkistan Propaganda Center http://t.co/yuO4cFjNPQ #uyhewe
8	A Chinese student committed a crime and was arrested by the police. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center. http://t.co/yuO4cFjNPQ #uyhewe
10	Flu spread in Hong Kong and caused death in 484 people. Published time: 10:51:21 on April 16[th] , 2015. China Media Network News: Ablimit translation from Bagdax Network: According to news from the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Health Department claimed that three adult patients died due to the flu
10	Flu Hits Hong Kong, 484 Lives Lost Send time: 2015-04-09 10:51:21 China News Web; editor: Ablimit, taken from Baghdash web, translated by AblimitAccording to the news of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government website, on April 15 the Hong Kong Health Prevention Center announced that three adults have died of the flu
3	Thailand Hit by Its Worst Drought in Decades The head of the National Council for Peace and Order and Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army Prayut became the prime minister of Thailand's interim government after passing the approval of the Thai Bhumibol in the morning of February 25. China News Service on February 25 reports that Thai Prime Minister Prayut called on farmers to reduce rice production, which he hopes will prevent the water shortage from getting worse
3	Thailand was suffering the worst drought in decades. Bayu, the chairman of the National Peace Sustainability Committee and the commander of ground forces, on June 25 in the afternoon, got ex-king Bhumibol's approval and formally became the prime minister of a provisional government. On February 25, according to foreign news agencies (China news service), Thailand prime minister Bayu indicated that farmers should reduce their amount of rice sowing to deal with a growing water shortage crisis noted on February 24
10	Tornado hits Texas, USA, killing more than 10 people The Dallas area, after the tornado, the state of Texas, in the south of the USA. The Dallas area has been hit by a tornado in the evening of December 26. According to the results of the initial investigation, 11 people have died as a result of the disaster and 15 people were injured
10	More than 10 people were killed by a tornado in Texas, USA. On the evening of December 26, Dallas, Texas, in southern America, was hit by a tornado. According to the primary statistics, 11 people died and 15 were injured in the disaster
10	Watch it on cell phone. Title of the song download. Listening to what they owe you. I have a brother. Meaningless. May you be happy. Happy weddings. If I gave my love to my mother. The Uyghur girl. Love music. You look like a flower. Would I fall in love? There's someone who is not necessary. If I give an apple to demonstrate the craziness of love. The cave tribe in Palestine. Toxic elements in an American gold mine have flowed into the river. A fat woman who once weighed 200 lbs has lost half her weight within a year. In ancient Egypt, men and women shared equal rights. Bullfighters have performed difficult shows. Whom can you recognize from these childhood pictures of foreign politicians? A Russian man who wasn't satisfied with his cosmetic surgery killed the doctor. The tour of cartoon balloons. Obama held a press conference regarding gun control measures. Muslims in Bangladesh got on a heavily crowded train and participated in a Muslim conference
10	Watching on the phone; Song name; Download; Listen; What are you going to do; Who are happy without me; Happy weddings; Give my love to mom; Uyghur girl; Song of love; You are a flower; Can I love; I don't need it; I got one; Give you an apple; Destroy my true love; Cave tribes in Palestine; Toxic substances from a gold mine in America flowed into the river; 100 kilogram woman reduced 50% of it in a year; Men and women were equal under the law in ancient Egypt; Bullfight players acted a difficult movements; Which foreign politicians could you recognize in these photos where they are children? A Russian unsatisfied with the result of cosmetic surgery killed the doctor. Obama held a news conference on gun control. Bulgarian Muslims crowd into a train to attend a Muslim meeting
7 3	Residents of the earthquake area in Keriya, Xinjiang did not have to worry about food and clothes. The Xinhua Agency, Urumqi, report on February 20[th]. The Xinjiang Hotan Communist Party learned that providing emergency help and crisis intervention on time completed the rescue project for the Keriya earthquake on February 12[th]. The earthquake victims were resettled appropriately, and constantly received donations from all over society. They were no longer worrying about food and clothing
7 3	Food and clothing were guaranteed for affected people in the earthquake disaster area in Keriye Xinhua news agency, Urumqi, February 20th report: According to the information from the Hotan Prefecture Party Committee, the emergency relief and support efforts following the February 12 earthquake in Keriye County are nearly concluded. All affected people have been relocated to safety shelters, emergency aid has been distributed, and food, clothing, and other daily necessities guaranteed
10	Sounds like the interview was conducted by the Chinese TV station. He is a descendant of the master physician Turdi Haji. I was in the place where he was diagnosing sick people in Urumchi and he is a friendly and skillful person. I personally thank the Izdinix website and wish you success. Please, our online friends, recommend this to others
10	It seems that the interview was made by a Chinese TV channel. He is a descendant of the late Uyghur doctor, Turdi, and I met and visited with him for around half an hour as he diagnosed illnesses in Urumqi. He is humorous and skillful at taking one's pulse. Right, I appreciate Izdinish.net and I hope your network will be a success. Brother, please recommend it
8	Information about the Ankara attacks was revealed.
8	Information about Ankara's enemy.
10	The reasons for wide-spread AIDS in Uyghur land(2): Aids in Uyghur land... http://t.co/ExwiOcK92
10	Reasons revealed for the fast spreading of AIDS infections in the Uyghur region and truth (2). http://t.co/ExwiOcK92
10	1972: China has a diplomatic relationship with Luxembourg. 2002: An outbreak of what is believed to be severe acute respiratory syndrome [HYPERLINK:
10	Today in 1972，China established diplomatic relations with Luxembourg. Today in 2002, the first SARS patient was diagnosed in Fushan, Guangdong. The information about SARS infection on the mainland came from the Ministry of Health
10	Five people were diagnosed with infectious disease H7N9 in Hunan. China Media Network News, Nur Network: our reporter learned from the Hunan Health and Family Control Center and Disease Control and Prevention Center on February 4[th] that after three people were diagnosed with H7N9-type infectious disease on January 2016, five people have received treatment in Hunan hospitals and two of them had died
10	Five People in Hunan Have Been Diagnosed with H7N9 Flu China News Web reports, translated by Nur Web: February 4 the correspondent acquired the following information from Hunan Provincial Health and Family Planning Committee and Hunan Provincial Disease Prevention and Control Center: since January of 2016, five people in Hunan have been diagnosed with the H7N9 flu, and three of them are being treated at hospitals while two have already died
10	China Media Network News, Nur Network: our reporter learned from the Hunan Health and Family Control Center and Disease Control and Prevention Center on February 4[th] that after three people were diagnosed with H7N9-type infectious disease on January 2016, five people have received treatment in Hunan hospitals and two of them had died. Regarding the introduction of H7N9 type infectious disease, Xi was a 48-year-old male who went to the Linglin region of Yongzhou City on February 4[th]. On February 3[rd] at night, the patient felt unwell and checked himself into a hospital. He died due to liver and kidney failure. Later it was concluded that the patient was infected with the infectious flu virus H7N9. The Hunan Disease Control and Prevention center stated about H7N9 that winter and spring were flu seasons. Flu would lie dormant for almost 3-4 days and show symptoms such as: getting hot, coughing, lack of phlegm, headache, and muscle aches later. It is necessary to avoid contact with live birds throughout one's daily life. If contact with them becomes necessary, make sure to wash hands with soap immediately. Try to stay away from poultry factories, markets, and meat manufacturers. Disinfect all kitchen supplies to avoid cross-infection. Exercise more often and avoid being exhausted. Make sure to keep fresh air at home. Visit hospitals as soon as possible when fever and coughing occurs
10	China News Web reports, translated by Nur Web: February 4 the correspondent acquired the following information from Hunan Provincial Health and Family Planning Committee and Hunan Provincial Disease Prevention and Control Center: since January of 2016, five people in Hunan have been diagnosed with the H7N9 flu, and three of them are being treated at hospitals while two have already died. According to the summary, on February 4 Hunan province had reported an H7N9 infection case. The patient was a 48-year-old male named Xi ... a native of Linglin region of Yongzhou City. On February 3 in the evening the patient went to a hospital in Yongzhou, but died soon due to liver and kidney failure. When they checked the patient's pharynx esophagus later it's was confirmed that the patient was infected by the influenza virus. The Hunan Provincial Disease Prevention and Control Center repeated that winter and spring are the seasons which have the spread of the influenza virus; the hidden period of the disease usually lasts three to four days. Its initial symptoms are: body feeling warm, coughing, less phlegm, headache along with burning muscle pain. In everyday life try to avoid a direct contact with live poultry, particularly avoid birds' shit, especially sick or dead poultry; if it's necessary to encounter poultry wash hands with soap immediately after such an encounter; try to avoid raising or trading or conducting live poultry displays; pay attention to the meal and whenever using the everyday produce try to discern the infected from disinfected ones in order to avoid the interlocking infection, try to perform frequent disinfection, try to involve sports and exercise and avoid excessive fatigue, guarantee fresh air the room, and whenever you discover a high temperature or coughing immediately go to hospital for treatment
10	The National Health and Family Planning Commission discovered that on the 9[th] a person was infected by the Zika virus, which is a type of infectious disease. According to the notice, the patient was a 34-year-old male from Ganxian county, Ganzhou city, Jiangxi province. He was working in a company in the city of Dongguan, Guangdong province . He traveled to Venezuela before he caught the disease
10	National Health and Family Planning Committee 9th day reported that a Zika virus infection has been discovered in our country. According to the notification, the patient is a 34-year old male, a native of Ganxian county of Ganzhou city of Jiangxi Province, and currently working in a firm in Dongguan city of Guangdong province. Before getting sick, the patient had travelled to Venezuela
10	According to the notice, the patient was a 34-year-old male from Ganxian county, Ganzhou city, Jiangxi province. He was working in a company in the city of Dongguan, Guangdong province . He traveled to Venezuela before he caught the disease. The symptoms, including fever, headache, and dizziness, occurred when the patient was in Venezuela on January 28[th]. At that time, the patient received diagnosis and treatment
10	According to the notification, the patient is a 34-year old male, a native of Ganxian county of Ganzhou city of Jiangxi Province, and currently working in a firm in Dongguan city of Guangdong province. Before getting sick, the patient had travelled to Venezuela. When the patient was in Venezuela on January 28, he got a temperature and headache, as well as dizziness. The patient had been diagnosed and treated at local hospitals
10	Conditions of legally designated infectious diseases reported in 2015. The National Health and Family Control, on February 18[th], 2015, reported on conditions of legally designated infectious diseases in 2015. Throughout last year, more than 6 million and 400 people were infected with legally designated infectious diseases. With regard to the diseases' morbidity, the top five infectious diseases were pneumonia, tuberculosis, venereal disease, contractile vacuole, and #translated; the top five diseases in terms of death rate were H7N9 or swine flu, AIDS, tuberculosis, lupomania, and hepatitis, which together comprised 98.55% of the B category infectious diseases
10	Our Country's 2015 Infection Status of Legally Designated Infectious Disease Has Been Announced On Februry 18, National Family Planning Committee has announced our country's 2015 infection status of legally designated infectious disease. Last year, 6.4 million people had been infected with legally designated infectious disease and more than 16,000 people lost their lives. Top five breakout diseases were the hepatitis B virus, tuberculosis, syphilis, bacillary and amoebic dysentery, and gonorrhea. Top five diseases causing death by rate were AIDIS, tuberculosis, hydrophobia and hepatitis B virus and human infectious H7N9 bird flu. The latter group of infectious diseases has caused 98.55% of the claimed lives
1	The Kixlak village of Xibe is located in a city in the Dorbiljin District, Xinjiang;16 thousand livestock were being raised there. Compared to last year, snow from last winter to this spring was heavier than any other years in the mountainous region of Nut. Due to blowing wind and lack of sunshine, the accumulated snow became very thick. It was challenging for livestock to walk in the snow and find food, which resulted in them going hungry
1	The scene was located 150 m away from the town of Xibat in Xinjiang's Emin County, in the middle of the Ut mountains of Tuoli county, where about 16,000 animals were kept. It snowed more in the mountain areas from last winter to this summer, compared with the snow last year. Snow accumulation has been frozen under wind and sunshine. While animals were opening the road and walking in the frozen snow, they could forage and had been hungry for a long time
1 7	Chennai experiences serious floods. Heavy rainfall in Tamil Nadu, an area in northeastern India, has resulted in floods. After raining for half a month, it did not stop. Instead, it continued for days uninterrupted to make the city a "water country." Airports, train stations, and schools were closed. 60% of households lost electricity. Thousands of people were trapped. Authorities sent soldiers and rescue teams to severely damaged disaster areas for assistance
1 7	1) Severe floods occurred in Chennai, India. Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu in southern India, has suffered from a serious flood disaster. For half a month it had rained, and the water had not drained. Starting from Monday (Nov 30th), the city had suffered a couple of rainy days again and a new "water city" was formed. Airports, railway stations and schools were closed, 60% of families lost power, and thousands of houses were blocked. Departments arranged for soldiers and defense forces to rescue the affected people in disaster areas
8	3 Muslims killed in USA
8	Three Muslim young adults were killed in America.
10	More than 1500 people have died due to swine flu in India. Published time: 17:09:02 on October 9[th], 2015. International Connection Network on September 10[th]. Source: International Connection Network editor news from Ablimit translation: Online Times. The Times of India showed that based on statistical data from the government, a very serious flu epidemic was occurring in India. Additionally, among all infected areas, the most severely affected one was Maharashtra in the western part. The total number of people with swine flu in this area was the highest nationwide. The most recent report from the Federal Health Department shown that 6,843 people were infected with pig flu in total; among them 38 people had died due to inefficient treatment in the state of Maharashtra as of August 31th
10	Swine Flu Outbreak in India, Killing More Than Fifteen Thousand Send time:2015-09-10 17:09:02 International Line Web; editor: Ablimit; source: International Line Web news September 10, taken from Baghdash Web; translated by Ablimit; According to the Times of India Web News, the official data shows that India has experienced the most serious swine flu this year. In addition to this, among the affected areas the Maharashtra province in the west suffered the most serious situation, reaching the highest number of swine flu patients within the country. The latest data of the Health Ministry of India Federation indicates that until August 31, in Maharashtra province of India 6,848 swine flu cases have been reported and 38 people have died due to ineffective treatment
10	This was the most severe epidemic in state of Maharashtra in the past four years. Meanwhile, there were 6,662 people infected with swine flu, and 450 people lost their lives in Gujarat, which is located in the western part of India In the state of Rajasthan, there were 6,705 people who were infected with this flu, and 436 people died due to inefficient treatment
10	This would be the most serious infection which Maharashtra province ever had in the past four years. Meanwhile, in the Gujarat province of the western India, 6,662 swine flu cases have been reported and 450 people have lost their life. To date, in Rajasthan province 6,705 people have been infected with this disease and 436 people have died due to ineffective treatment
8	In China, an attacker with a knife was shot by the police. East Turkistan Information Center.
8	A person who stabbed others faced a death penalty. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
3	I heard they are the king of trees, my thoughts go far The hometown of my grandfather, Teklimakan tarim land They once lived so bravely, their grievances never hear
3	I heard the king of trees, and my fantasy took off. The Taklimakan Tarim Basin was my grandfather's hometown. They lived so strongly that we would not hear them cry
10	H3N2 flu epidemic spread in America and caused death in 26 children. He Shun Network: Bagdax Network and Ablimit translation: The American Center for Disease Control and Prevention reported on January 9[th] that the ruthless infectious flu has invaded in the whole America, and up to now it has killed 26 children
10	Outbreak of H3N2 Flu in the USA Has Killed 26 Children Hexun Net News: translated by Ablimit from Baghdash Web.According to the news announced by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on January 9, a particularly bad flu is sweeping the USA and already 26 children have lost their lives
1	A report on August 10[th] from Chinese Media Network: Bagdash Network Translation: the Flood Protection and Drought Prevention team of the Fujian People's Government revealed: "This year a category 3 cyclone named "Sudilu" struck our mainland, creating an intense storm and heavy rain, and caused severe damages in all parts of the province." At 8:50 pm on August 9[th], "Sudilu" struck 9 city regions, 62 rural districts, and 609 villages in the province, including Ningdi, Fuzhou, Pingtan, Quanzhou, Sanming, Zhangzhou, and Xiamen , and caused damage for 1 million 302 thousand and 400 people. 3000 houses collapsed, and 513 thousand 900 people were immediately relocated. 57 thousand 610 acres of crops were destroyed. A 25.24 kilometer-long dam and a 0.2 kilometer-long dam entrance were severely damaged. 2,293 pieces of farming equipment were damaged. Around 219 hydroelectric power plants and their related instruments were destroyed. The direct financial damage came to 4 billion, 24 million yuan. Of that, the damage to the Electric Water Conservancies was 602 million yuan. Due to a heavy rain, 3 people rolled down from the mountain and died in Xi Rong village, Ningdi. A worker was washed away by the flood while he was relocating people
1	The China information network reported news on August 10th : translated by Bagdash Network. The Disaster Command office of the Fujian Provincial People's Government said: The thirteenth typhoon Sodilo had landed on our province and created a gale and rainstorm, which is resulting in a disaster in many places. Byl 11:50 PM, August 9th, the typhoon Sodilo hit Ningdi, Futian, Fuji, Pingtan, Quanju, Sanming, Jiangju, Nanping, Xiamen and nine other cities, 62 towns, 609 villages, with one million 302 thousand 400 people hit by the disaster, which caused 3,000 houses to collapse. 513 thousand 900 people had been shifted. 57 thousand 610 Qing crops were affected by the disaster. A 25.24 kilometer dam and a 0.2 kilometer dam opening were damaged. 2,293 watering facilities were destroyed. 219 power stations were damaged. Direct economic losses was up to 4 billion 24 million yuan and water conservancy facility economic losses were 602 million yuan. Because of the heavy rain, rocks on mountains had rolled off and killed 3 people. One of the cadres of Juning town was washed away and is still missing
8	Chinese search for attackers of iron mine in Bay comes to the 20[th] day, the attackers still have not been found: Iron mine in Bay... http://t.co/DAWe18vby
8	China has been searching for the Bay Mine attackers for 20 days now. http://t.co/DAWe18vby
10 1	Huge Bushfires Hit Western Australia. China News Agency: According to foreign media, a large forest fire raged in Western Australia on January 9. A large area of the forest was affected, with 95 houses burned and 4 people injured
10 1	A massive bushfire broke out in western Australia. CNN news: according to foreign media reports on 9th, a massive bushfire broke out in the west of Australia and most of the forests were affected. An estimated 95 houses were razed in the fire and four people were injured
8	Foreigners were attacked in Ivory Coast.
8	Foreign passengers were attacked at the Elephant tusk beaches.
1	A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity Tashpolat Bilal Elqut A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Keriya , Hotan Prefecture, on February 12. By 19:00, February 13, Urumchi Time, 7838 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of Hotan including Keriya, Niye, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan County. Currently, 982 people among the affected people were properly situated ( most of the people in the affected area are still in danger). 157 houses collapsed and 180 rooms were severely damaged. The number of the rooms slightly damaged is 3117, and some barns were also damaged. It has been 3 days since the earthquake struck the area
1	Fake love hidden inside charity. Fake love hidden inside charity, by Bilal Elqut. On February 2, there was a magnitude 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan Prefecture. By 9 o'clock, February 13, six counties, Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, Hotan, and 7,838 people had encountered a disaster. As of now, 982 people have been evacuated to safety (so there were many people who needed help). 157 houses collapsed and 180 houses were damaged severely and 3,117 houses were lightly affected and some livestock were killed. It has been 3 days since the earthquake
7	The visibility was down to 10 meters at 21 o'clock in the evening. A massive sandstorm appeared in Hotan City, and hit the urban region, which caused every place to be surrounded by plastic debris and rubbish. At 20:45, Hotan City was filled with sand, and people on the streets began to look for a place to hide
7	The visibility was reduced to less than 10 m at 9 o'clock at night. The city of Hotan witnessed the phenomenon of the wind and sandstorm. The severe wind and sandstorm attacked the city, which was enveloped by plastic bags and all kinds of rubbish everywhere. The whole Hotan city was shrouded in haze at 8:45 at night. People in the street started to look for a place to protect from the wind
1	On Feb13, I sent a Wechat message to ask people to help the earthquake victims, and after four short days, the total donation of the One Yuan Plan from netizens and friends for the friends in Börtala reached 70000, and nearly 4000 used clothes in 96 sacks, and 200 suits of new cloths were collected. In order to deliver these supplies to the victims in rural areas, where aid has not been delivered, 3 charity workers headed to Hoten on Feb 1, and started to visit them. Other charity worker reached Urumqi to send 26 sacks of cloths to Hoten, and returned a day later. The following are the diaries of the charity workers who were in Hoten;1.We arrived at Atchan village in Kiriye County on Feb 19. We left for Künes village and Shunggul village after we got the information that the supplies had not been delivered because of the dangerous road conditions there. Our goal is to help the people who need those supplies. Indeed, the road toward these two villages was so dangerous that it took nearly 4 hours to travel 60 kilometers of road. Luckily, the guys who welcomed us in Hoten prepared a SUV for this trip. You can't hold your tears when you see elderly people, so like your own grandparents, burst into grateful tears while they accept donation of money and supplies. We delivered 10,000 Yuan cash, and supplies worth 5000 Yuan, and 150 new clothes. (We were informed of the lack of supplies according to people who had been in the scene of earthquake, so we bought supplies from city.) We returned to the county at 10 o'clock that night.
1	>On the evening of February 13th, I reached out to the netizens of the One Som Project about extending their helping hands to the people affected by the earthquake. It took as little as 4 days for The One Som Project netizens and brothers in Bortala to raise a donation worth 70,000 Som, 96 bags of clothing items equivalent to 4000 articles of clothing as well as 200 pieces of new clothing. In order to bring this whole commitment to the people in the most remote and neglected areas possible, 3 of the donors set out on a journey to Hotan on the 17th and started paying visits on the 19th. Another donor took with him 26 bags of clothing items to Urumqi to send out to Hotan, and returned the next day. The following is a diary of the donors who visited Keriye: 1. We arrived in Atchan Village of Keriye Prefecture. After learning that help did not reach the Kunes and Shung'gul villages because of bad road conditions, we decided to go there instead, as we were hoping to cover the places that needed the most help. The road did indeed turn out to be in terrible and dangerous condition. We barely finished the journey of 60 kilometers in 4 long hours. As a positive sign ,though, the young folks who had traveled quite a journey to greet us had a cross-country vehicle prepared. One would not be able to hold back tears seeing those grandpa-and-grandma-like old folks thanking you with tears in their eyes. After delivering the 10'000 Som in cash, 5000 Som worth of goods (based on the information provided by those who had travelled to those places and learned about the unavailability of material goods, which we had brought with us) and 150 pieces of new clothing items, we returned to the town center by 10:00 pm. 2
10	4 On our way back from Hoten, we planned to visit the rare village in Guma and Qaghilik, but for some reasons we couldn't stick to our plan. We went back to Urumqi on the 27[th] day of that month. We donated 8000 Yuan to two patients in the Second Hospital, and then left for Börtala. 5. On May 1, after other 70 sacks of cloths were send to Urumqi, and then were delivered to Kiriye on May 5. These cloths are still distributing. Wapadarim 912 words: To warm hearted charities who sent money and cloths from Börtala: May peace be upon you. We tried our best to deliver the money and supplies you sent to us for the most needed places. All these photos were shot from the senses, and certification of donations will make up a photo collection. After May 12, you can check these photos from "Irpan Book Store" or "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Shop". We are more than grateful to the friends, who have helped us to go through and organize 96 sacks of cloths, to the drivers named Perhat and Turgun, who povided twice free services for tranporting those 96 sacks of cloths and carry a young man who is responsible for them. (it would cost more than 1000 Yuan). May Allah give them a good fortune and healthy body. Amen... To One Yuan Plan Netizens: This time the total amount of donation fund for the disaster is 16700 Yuan. Now, I want to tell the lovely people who donated that the details of this account, real-time photos and notes can be checked my moment on wechat, or if you want, you can add my wechat account and I will send you those to you
10	4 . After returning from Hotan, we meant to pay a visit to the poverty-stricken folks in both Guma and Kaghilik counties. But, for certain reasons, our plan did not work out, so we returned to Urumqi on the 27th and managed to bring 8000 Som to 2 patients who were being treated in the 2nd People's Hospital. Then we went back to Bortala. The remaining 70 bags of clothing items that had been sent to Urumqi on the 1st arrived in Hotan on the 5th. These clothes are now being distributed Thoughts and feelings from Wapadarim 912: To the donors who sent money and clothing items: Greetings, donors! We did our utmost best to deliver the money and items to their designated destinations. Photos taken on the scene and proofs of distributed money and items will be filed. They will be available for public viewing in both the "Irpan Bookstore" and the "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Store." To the friends who helped with the sorting of each and every item of clothing, to the friends who shipped 96 bags of clothing items to Urumqi for free (the equivalent of 1000 Som, if charged), to the driver brothers, Perhat and Turghun, who gave free rides to the young fellow who was responsible for the shipments: may God make their life journeys smooth and wish them health, Amen! As for the netizens of the One Som Project: The total amount that has been sent to the One Som Project account is 16,700 Som. The rest were cash accounts. What I can say to the beloved ones who sent all this money at this point is that I have all the daily accumulated records in my WeChat. You can view those if you wish or I can send them to you if you would like to add me
1	Needy hands stretched out and were exhausted. Let's go along the road to Hotan and think of the Uyghurs in Keriya. This is the time for holding hands with each other to support the Uyghurs
1	Love-yearning hands are waving, exhausted, Come on, let's go to Hotan and think about the people in Yutian It is time to help Uyghur hand-in-han
1	Xinhua News Agency, Urumqi. February 14 ; According to the information that reporter Mao Yong obtained from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region, following further investigation of the disaster, the number of affected people reached 50,000 but casualties are still unclear. The statistical information from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region: 58127 people have been affected by the disaster in the six counties of Hotan Prefecture including Keriya, Niye, Chira, Lop, Qarakash, and Hotan county by the time 8:00 A.M ( Urumchi Time) February 14. 19905 people were evacuated promptly. 3246 rooms of 1156 household have collapsed. 14540 rooms of 5489 household have been severely damaged. 15782 rooms of 7254 household have been slightly damaged. 2163 livestock killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 Kilometers of roads have been damaged. Casualties are unclear. Further investigation of the disaster is going on
1	Urumqi, February 14 (Xinhua): According to the civil bureau, after further investigation, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 50 thousand. But the number of casualties is unknown. According to records of autonomous regional civil bureau statistics: as of February 14th, 8 o'clock, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 58,127 in six counties: Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, and Hotian, in Hotian prefecture. 19,905 people were evacuated to safety. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, 14,540 houses of 5,489 families were damaged severely, 15,782 houses of 7,254 families were damaged slightly, and 2,163 livestock were dead. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of road were ruined. The number of casualties is unknown. he disaster situation was under further investigation
7	Although police dogs were used to locate people missing due to the avalanche in Kangsay of Ili, no one was found. In order to quickly locate 15 people missing in the Kangsay avalanche, the police and police dogs of the rescue teams of the Second line, First group of East West Gas Transmission took part in the search mission. Unfortunately, results were not ideal. The rescue and support team of Kangsay, Ili continued their rescue work for three days. They used almost all rescuing machines, such as heavy stock vectors, excavators, and live searching instruments. On the morning of the 15[th] of this month, an armed force border defense group of Ili and five police dogs participated in the rescue operations
7	A rescue team used police dogs to search for missing workers after the avalanche of Kengsay in Ili, but there were no traces of the missing people. In order to find and rescue as many of the15 missing workers as possible, the rescue team used police dogs to search for signs of life at the No. 1 tunnel of the second pipeline of the West-to-East gas transfer project. However, the results of the search were not positive. The rescue team arrived the third day after an avalanche occurred in the Kengsay region of Ili prefecture. The rescue workers pursued their search using various rescue instruments such as an elevator, an excavator, and a life-detecting machine. On the morning of February 15, an armed police force from the Xinjiang-Ili border defense branch corps joined the rescue work with 5 police dogs
10	In our country, 1,433 people died due to legally designated infectious diseases in the past 9 months. The China Uyghur Radio Network reported from Beijing on October 11[th]: the National Health and Family Planning Commission on October 10[th] had made a report following the reports of legally designated infectious diseases in the past 9 months. Based on the nationwide documentation of infectious disease in the past 9 months, more than 580 thousand people were affected by legally designated infectious diseases, and among them 1,433 died. Hong Kong and Macao were not included. Based on the report of legally designated infectious diseases in the past 9 months, no one was infected with or died from Bubonic Plague from infectious disease category A. Two cases of cholera were reported, but no deaths were reported
10	In Our Country 1,433 People Died Because of Legally Designated Infectious Diseases China Uyghur Radio Web News, Beijing, October 11: According to the National Health and Family Planning Committee's report released on October 10 regarding the legally designated patients with infectious diseases in September, this September more than 580,000 people nationwide were infected by legally designated infectious disease and 1,433 among them have died. This number excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. According to the September report regarding the legally designated infectious diseases, no report was found about infection or death by plague among the "A" type of patients with infectious diseases, two cholera patients were reported, but they didn't die
4	Syrian strikers decided to suspend the conversation.
4	Syria protesters decided to postpone the negotiation.
10	The Chinese, who attempted to rob with toy guns, were wounded and arrested. East Turkestan Information
10	Chinese thieves who attempted to use toy guns to rub real guns were injured and arrested. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
10 7 3	President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
10 7 3	President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions for the rescue efforts
8	The Israeli soldiers shot and killed one woman.
8	Israel soldiers shoot a woman.
3	Greetings from Keriye to Netizens and Friends Hello friends! I hope that this message finds you all doing well and staying healthy. I sincerely express my heartfelt greetings on behalf of all the folks in the stricken area of Keriye
3	Greetings to the netizens and friends from Yutian. Hello my friends, I extend all of the victims' warm regards in Yutian to every one of you, with blessing to your health and careers
10	Address: Beijing City Xi Cheng region Fu Xingmen Road, 2ed yard. Recently, across America, the Zika virus, which spreads through mosquitos, "exploded". In America, this virus has infected approximately three million to four million people. Brazil's circumstance was the worst. Microcephaly and nervous system damage among newborn babies appeared in greater concentrations. These diseases had close connections to the spread of the Zika virus
10	Address: 2 Fuxingmen Outer Street, Xicheng District, Beijing Recently, the Zika virus that is primarily transmitted through mosquitoes has had an "outbreak" in the Americas. It's estimated that three to four million people have been infect so far by this virus. The most serious area is Brazil, where small heads and other neurological diseases have significantly occurred. It's more likely closely associated with the spread of the Zika virus
10	Recently, across America, the Zika virus, which spreads through mosquitos, "exploded". In America, this virus has infected approximately three million to four million people. Brazil's circumstance was the worst. Microcephaly and nervous system damage among newborn babies appeared in greater concentrations. These diseases had close connections to the spread of the Zika virus. In the picture: in Olin, Brazil, the four month old Dannie, who has been diagnosed with microcephaly, is help up high by his mother
10	Recently, the Zika virus that is primarily transmitted through mosquitoes has had an "outbreak" in the Americas. It's estimated that three to four million people have been infect so far by this virus. The most serious area is Brazil, where small heads and other neurological diseases have significantly occurred. It's more likely closely associated with the spread of the Zika virus. In the picture: In the Olin area of Brazil, the mother of four-month old Dennir raises her baby who has been affected by small head
10	In the picture: in Olin, Brazil, the four month old Dannie, who has been diagnosed with microcephaly, is help up high by his mother. According to a report from the World Health Organization, by now more than 30 countries and regions in America and Africa are documented to have een infected by the Zika virus. It was discovered that two people were infected by the Zika virus in China. On February 1st, after H1N1 flu, Osteomyelitis, and Ebola virus, Zika virus became the next "WHO health emergency"
10	In the picture: In the Olin area of Brazil, the mother of four-month old Dennir raises her baby who has been affected by small heads According to the notification from the World Health Organization (WHO), by today more than 30 countries and regions in America and Africa have reported the spread of the Zika virus. Two people in China were also discovered as infected by the penetrating Zika virus. On February 1, after the secondary "A" type of H1N1 flu, poliomyelitis and Ebola virus, the WHO once more announced that the Zika virus has caused "a sudden public health issue that is being watched by international media.
10	On February 1st, after H1N1 flu, Osteomyelitis, and Ebola virus, Zika virus became the next "WHO health emergency". Picture: only two months old, baby Gustoh Enrik drinking milk in his mom's arms. The Zika virus spread through black mosquitos. People infected with Zika virus often show slight symptoms like low fewer and rash, but it is not contagious. The rate of death is very low; symptoms will mostly disappear within a week
10	On February 1, after the secondary "A" type of H1N1 flu, poliomyelitis and Ebola virus, the WHO once more announced that the Zika virus has caused "a sudden public health issue that is being watched by international media." In the picture: Recife in Brazil, only two-months old small head infant Gustaf Enric drinking milk in his mother's embrace. The Zika virus is transmitted through the bite of black mosquitoes. After being infected some patients will suffer from low temperature or rashes, but it doesn't infect others. The possibility of death is very low and the symptoms usually go away within a week
10	Brazil's circumstance was the worst. Microcephaly and nervous system damage among newborn babies appeared in greater concentrations. These diseases had close connections to the spread of the Zika virus. In the picture: in Olin, Brazil, the four month old Dannie, who has been diagnosed with microcephaly, is help up high by his mother. According to a report from the World Health Organization, by now more than 30 countries and regions in America and Africa are documented to have een infected by the Zika virus. It was discovered that two people were infected by the Zika virus in China
10	The most serious area is Brazil, where small heads and other neurological diseases have significantly occurred. It's more likely closely associated with the spread of the Zika virus. In the picture: In the Olin area of Brazil, the mother of four-month old Dennir raises her baby who has been affected by small heads According to the notification from the World Health Organization (WHO), by today more than 30 countries and regions in America and Africa have reported the spread of the Zika virus. Two people in China were also discovered as infected by the penetrating Zika virus
10	Picture: Recife, Brazil. 23-year0old pregnant woman Patricia is standing next to her house on the river. In January 2016, the American Center for Disease Control and Prevention introduced a travel warning saying that pregnant women with the Zika virus could cause microcephaly. They asked pregnant women and women who want to become pregnant to avoid travelling to Latin America and Caribbean regions where the Zika virus might exist. Picture: Recife, Brazil. 31-year-old pregnant women Dannie with her friends in a poor neighborhood
10	In the picture: Recife in Brazil. Patrisha, a 23-year old pregnant woman, is standing above a water house where she's currently living. In 2016, the Unites States Disease Control Center issued a travel notices. Considering the possible link between the infection of pregnant woman with the Zika virus and the small heads in newly born infants, the Center recommended pregnant or pre-pregnant women temporarily not to travel to Latin America and the Caribbean area where the Zika virus is prevalent. In the picture: Recife in Brazil. Dennir, a 31year-old pregnant woman, is with her neighbors in a poor neighborhood
10	Sudden explosion in Iran rendered 12 people injured: East Turkistan Information Center
10	A massive explosion happened in Iran and caused death in 12 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
8	A vast bomb attack occurred in Babil city.
8	A massive bombarding happened in city of Babil.
8	A automobile was bombed.
8	A bus exploded in German.
8	One suicide bombing attack occurred near the mosque in Bursa.
8	A suicide bombing attack happened at a place in Bursa.
10	H1N1 Flu spreads in Iran. It was reported on Iran Paris Television Media Network's news on December 7[th] that H1N1 flu (swine flu) has spread in three states in the northwestern part of the country, which has caused the deaths of 33 people. It was possible that it would keep spreading. Sayali from the Health Department of Iran reported that there were 28 people who were infected with swine flu and died in Kerman province, and four of them were pregnant women
10	H1N1 Outbreak in Iran According to the December 7 news of Iran Persian TV News Web, H1N1 outbreak occurred in the two north-west provinces of Iran. A of total 33 people were killed by this flu over the past three weeks. It's estimated that the infection might reach even to Tehran. Iran's Health Minister Sayyari said, "the flu claimed 28 lives in Kerman province, including four pregnant women.
10	It was reported on Iran Paris Television Media Network's news on December 7[th] that H1N1 flu (swine flu) has spread in three states in the northwestern part of the country, which has caused the deaths of 33 people. It was possible that it would keep spreading. Sayali from the Health Department of Iran reported that there were 28 people who were infected with swine flu and died in Kerman province, and four of them were pregnant women. A supervisor of Kerman Medical University reported that they were striving to provide reports regarding the virus' status; since it was found three weeks ago, there have been 600 people who were brought to hospitals for treatmen;t
10	According to the December 7 news of Iran Persian TV News Web, H1N1 outbreak occurred in the two north-west provinces of Iran. A of total 33 people were killed by this flu over the past three weeks. It's estimated that the infection might reach even to Tehran. Iran's Health Minister Sayyari said, "the flu claimed 28 lives in Kerman province, including four pregnant women." The head of Kerman Provincial Medical University said that since the discovery of the flu virus three weeks ago, that they reported the infection first. By now 600 patients have received treatment at the hospital
10	H1N1, an A category virus, is the most common component of swine flu, which has symptoms similar to a regular cold. After the A category virus H1N1 was discovered in 2009, it rapidly spread in America and Mexico. According to the WHO's contagious disease report, by August, 2010, infectious diseases had been found in 214 countries in total and killed 185 thousand people
10	A type of H1N1 flu is the main type of the swine flu and similar to the regular flu. In 2009, after an "A" type of H1N1 was discovered in America and Mexico, the infection has quickly spread. According to the infection report announced in June by the World Health Organization, until August 8, 2010 the virus was discovered in 214 countries and 185,000 people lost their lives
10	On this day in 1990, the World Health Organization determined that December 1 is World AIDS Day. An anti-AIDS activity was held in Washington's memorial square. 8288 AIDS patients from 50 states and 12 countries assembled there. K$ }* G
10	In 1990 WHO designated every December 1st as World AIDS Day. An AIDS prevention event was held at a Washington memorial site, with 8,288 AIDS patients from over 50 states and 12 countries attending the event. K$ }* G
7	190 people evacuated after sudden forest fire in Guangxi. XinhuaNet News; Ablimit translated for Baghdash website. Around 16:00 local time, on April 4, a forest fire broke out in the Wugong Mountain and Shirenchong Area in the city of Wuzhou, South China's Guangxi province. The local fire authorities have launched an emergency response plan to fight against the forest fire with all their power, and warned the local citizens to keep away from the forest fire zone
7	A sudden forest fire in Guangxi caused 190 people to be evacuated. According to Xinhua news, translated by Ablimit from Baghdash, local time June 4 around 4 PM, a forest fire suddenly erupted on Bajiao Mountain and Shiren Mountain in Wuzhu city, Guangxi Province. The local forest disaster prevention command center, which had established an emergency design scheme, attended to the firefighting with other detachments and warned people to stay away from the mountain
10	1999: Arafat in the year. 1975: The World Health Organization declares the eradication of smallpox from Asia. China has a diplomatic relationship with the Republic of Cameroon. 1985: The Israeli government has a serious crisis
10	Arafat in 1999. Today in 1975，the World Health Organization declared the eradication of smallpox for the first time in Asia's history. On the same day, China established diplomatic relations with Comoros. Today in 1985，the Israeli government suffered a severe crisis
10	1994: Sweden joins the European Union. 1995: An explosion kills 6 people in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. 1999: More than 300 people die in a fatal earthquake in Turkey
10	Today in 1994, Sweden joined the European Union. Today in 1995, an explosion occurred in Saudi Arabia's capital city, Riyadh, causing 6 deaths and 60 injuries. Today in 1999，an earthquake killed more than 300 in Turkey
8	Turkey claimed the complexity of information regarding the suspect of Thailand bombing: Turkey... http://t.co/GeKAwKVkB
8	Turkey showed that they had confirmed the information about the suspects regarding this explosion. http://t.co/GeKAwKVkB
1	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported
1	The number of people affected by Yutian earthquake reached 50,000. The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties
1	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported. According to the statistics of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region Public Service Office, as of 8:00 am (Urumqi time) on February 18[th], 58,127 people from 6 villages of the Hotan province in the disaster areas, including Keriya, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, and country of Hotan, were affected by the disaster. 19,905 were safely resettled. 1,156 families' 3,246 houses collapsed. 5,489 families' 14,540 houses were severely damaged. 7,254 families' 15,782 houses were slightly damaged. 2163 sheep died. A bridge, and a 42.2 kilometer-long road was destroyed. The death report was unclear. The disaster situation was thoroughly investigated
1	The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties. According to statistics of the civil affairs department: As of 8 o'clock, Feb. 14th(Urumqi time), 58,127 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of the Hetian district: Yutian county, Fengtian county, Cele county, Luopu county, Moyu county, and Hetian county. 19,905 people were transferred to a safe place. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families fell down, 14,540 houses of 5,489 family were seriously damaged, 15,782 houses of 7,254 family were slightly damaged and 2,162 head of livestock were destroyed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km of highways were destroyed. The number of deaths was unknown. The disaster situation was still under assessment
10	The Xinjiang Autonomous Region Public Service Office had donated 500 tanks, 1500 blankets and 1500 winter coats. Thousands of yuan in assistance money was offered. The 54.4 tons of flour, 3550 kilograms of oil, and 610 tons of coal were delivered to residents in the disaster areas to secure their daily lives as far as possible. Food, clothing, and shelter were guaranteed for the residents. The first portion of the donation was delivered to Keriya's Aqkan village, which was severely damaged by the earthquake, by the Chinese Red Cross. The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya , in the Hotan province, on February12th at 5:19 PM, at latitude 36.1 degrees north, longitude 82.5 degrees east, with the epicentre approximately 1200 meters deep
10	So far, the civil affairs department has carried 500 tents, 1,500 quilts, and 1,500 cotton-padded clothes to the disaster-affected area. The sum of five million and four hundred thousand yuan was sent to the affected area. 54.4 tons of flour, 3,550 kg of oil, 610 tons of coal and daily necessities were distributed, and the lives of people affected by the disaster have settled. And people's food, clothing, and housing have been guaranteed as well. The first batch of relief supplies from the China Red Cross arrived at Aqiang village, Yutian county, the nearest place to the earthquake center of Pishigai, on Feb. 13th. At 17:19 on Feb. 12th, a magnitute-7.3 earthquake occurred in Yutian county, Hetian district. The epicenter was located in the 36.1 degrees of north latitude, 82.5 degrees of east longitude, at a depth of 1,200 meters
10	H1N1 spread in Iran. Published time: at 17:01:31 on August 12[th] , 2015: China Media Network: Source: China Media Network News on August 8[th] : Ablimit translation: It was reported on Iran Paris Television Media Networ news on December 7[th] that H1N1 flu (swine flu) has spread in three states in the northwestern part of the country, which has caused the deaths of 33 people. It was possible that it would keep spreading
10	H1N1 Outbreak in Iran Send time: 2015-12-0817:01:31 source: China News Web, editor: Ablimit; China News Web reports, December 8; Ablimit translated from "Baghdash" Web According to the December 7 news of Iran Persian TV News Web, there was an H1N1 outbreak in the two north-west provinces of Iran. A total of 33 people were killed by this flu over the past three weeks. It's estimated that the infection might reach even to Tehran
10	Published time: at 17:01:31 on August 12[th] , 2015: China Media Network: Source: China Media Network News on August 8[th] : Ablimit translation: It was reported on Iran Paris Television Media Networ news on December 7[th] that H1N1 flu (swine flu) has spread in three states in the northwestern part of the country, which has caused the deaths of 33 people. It was possible that it would keep spreading. Sayali from the Health Department of Iran reported that there were 28 people who were infected with eswine flu and died in Kerman province, and four of them were pregnant women. A supervisor of Kerman Medical University reported that they were striving to provide reports regarding the virus' circumstances since it was found three weeks ago; there have been 600 people who were brought to hospitals for treatment
10	Send time: 2015-12-0817:01:31 source: China News Web, editor: Ablimit; China News Web reports, December 8; Ablimit translated from "Baghdash" Web According to the December 7 news of Iran Persian TV News Web, there was an H1N1 outbreak in the two north-west provinces of Iran. A total of 33 people were killed by this flu over the past three weeks. It's estimated that the infection might reach even to Tehran. Iran's Health Minister Sayyari said, "the flu claimed 28 lives in Kerman province, including four pregnant women." The head of Kerman Provincial Medical University said that since the discovery of the flu virus three weeks ago, that they reported the infection first. By now 600 patients have received treatment at the hospital
10	H1N1, an A category virus, is the most common component of swine flu, which has symptoms similar to a regular cold. After the A category virus H1N1 was discovered in 2009, it rapidly spread in America and Mexico. According to the WHO's contagious disease report, by August, 2010, infectious diseases had been found in 214 countries in total and killed 185 thousand people
10	A type of H1N1 flu is the main type of the swine flu and similar to the regular flu. In 2009, after an "A" type of H1N1 was discovered in America and Mexico, the infection has quickly spread. According to the infection report announced in June by the World Health Organization, by August 8, 2010 the virus was discovered in 214 countries and 185,000 people lost their lives
8	The Turks in Afghanistan were attacked.
8	Turkish people in Afghanistan were attacked.
10	Where are the children who went missing in China? In the past 20 years, it has become a very serious problem: the kidnapping of Uyghur children to be sent to mainland China to suffer terrible fates. Even more tragic was that these children's organs could be harvested live, as opposed to the children just being kidnapped and probably facing terrible fates
10	Where Did Those Disappeared Children Go? During the past 20 years, one of the most serious problems has been that Uyghur kids are victims of human trafficking from Uyghur land to inner China that have produced various tragic destinies. Even more scary and the likely tragedy of those stolen kids' unhappy destiny was their inner organs taken by those wicked criminals, regardless of the victims status being alive and dead
1	Until now, the relief work has been accomplished, and the post-disaster reconstruction will start soon. After this earthquake, 2000 farmers' houses in Atchan village were damaged. In the past two days, the government delivered the building materials at the gates of those famers. After the weather turns quite warm, the construction will begin. At the same time, in the affected regions, some infrastructure worked after they had been fixed
1	At the present, the relief work completely came to an end, and the rehabilitation work is about to start. This time, almost 2,000 farmers and nomads' houses at Atchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter, had cracks in the walls. For the past two days, the construction materials used to build new houses were sent to the farmers and nomads' doors by the local government. After the weather hits higher temperatures, the construction will start. In the meantime, some of the basic equipment in the disaster effected area began to work one after another, after being repaired
10 1 7	The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. For all of us, Feb 12, 2014, was an ordinary day
10 1 7	A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye. February 12, 2014, began as an ordinary day for us
7	The forest fire caused 6 deaths and affected 20 thousand people. Translated by Ana Tupraq webiste. According to the news reported by the American media on the 21st day of that month, forest fires recently occurred in many mountainous places in the state of California. A week ago, two forest fires were extinguished, however 5 people were dead and more than 1400 houses were burnt. But at the end of last week, another forest fire happened in the mountainous region of northern California, which killed 1 person and burnt numerous houses
7	Six dead, 20,000 people threatened by wild fire in the US Translated by the Motherland Net: According to the reports which published on the US media in June 21, wild fires started in several places in the mountain areas of the state of California, USA. Two of the more dangerous fires in this state were under control a week ago, however, 5 people have died, and more than 1,400 houses burned down during the catastrophic fire. However, another fire occurred in northern California again over last weekend, it caused 1 death and many houses burned down
10 7	Enough food and shelters needed to reassure earthquake victims. Uzunda website: People.cn reported that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurred in Keriya, Hotan at 3:19 pm on February 12. The Central Communist Party and the Chinese citizens all paid close attention to the disaster
10 7	Clothing, food and shelter should be guaranteed for the earthquake victims in Keriye Bulletin: Peoples net, Urumqi, February 13th telegram: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture at 15:19 on February 12. After the quake, the party central committee and all of the citizens of the country showed great concern
10	Flu spread in Hong Kong and caused death in 451 people. Published time: 11:54:24 on September 4[th] , 2015. China Media Network News: Ablimit translation from Bagdax Network: According to news from the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Health Department claimed that two men were severely infected with a contagious flu and two patients died due to ineffective treatments. In addition, it also reported that a men who was documented to be infected with contagious flu died
10	Flu Hits Hong Kong, 451 Lives Lost Send time: 2015-04-09 11:54:24 China News Web; editor: Ablimit, taken from Baghdash web, translated by AblimitAccording to the news of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government website, on April 8 the Hong Kong Health Prevention Center announced that two males have been seriously infected while two patients died due to unsuccessful treatment. In addition to this, the man who had been previously reported as a patient with the flu also died
10	In China, a crane fell down, which caused 18 workers to be killed and 18 people injured.
10	A jack collapsed in China, killed 18 people and injured 18 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
3	The entrepreneurs of Tuksu went to console people in the disaster areas. Uzunda website: Independent correspondents Mutallip, Abdurahman, and Mahira Mahmut reported that after Ahmat Tuqsun, the director of the "Amanlik" Transportation Limited Liability Company, heard the news of the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, he quickly prepared relief goods and departed to the disaster area with his motorcade on February 14[th]
3	Entrepreneurs from Wensu County sent their warmth to the disaster area. Excerpts: On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 had struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February14th. Freelance reporters Mutallip Abdurahman and Mahira Mamut contributed to the report. On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February 14th
8	Syrian Army started the land attacks on the Turkmen villages.
8	Syria army started horrible attacks to Turkish counties.
10	2016-1-25 21:00 Upload The World Health Organization warned to say that the Zika virus is spreading explosively to the entire American continent. With symptoms that include fever, skin rashes, and conjunctivitis, the virus appeared in 21 countries in the Americas and Caribbean
10	Uploaded time: 2016-1-25 21:00 The World Health Organization warned that the Zika virus, in its infectious state, has been found in America. An infectious virus that causes symptoms including light fever, conjunctivitis, and headaches was detected in North and South America and 21 countries bordering the Caribbean Sea
10	The World Health Organization warned to say that the Zika virus is spreading explosively to the entire American continent. With symptoms that include fever, skin rashes, and conjunctivitis, the virus appeared in 21 countries in the Americas and Caribbean. The virus can cause brain defects in babies
10	The World Health Organization warned that the Zika virus, in its infectious state, has been found in America. An infectious virus that causes symptoms including light fever, conjunctivitis, and headaches was detected in North and South America and 21 countries bordering the Caribbean Sea. The virus could cause newborn babies to have microcephaly
10	Any vaccines or treatment against the virus has not been found yet. The origin of the virus is Africa, and it was discovered in Brazil and some other countries of American continents last May. The weak immunity of the local people caused the wide spread of the virus
10	There is no vaccine or cure for the virus at present. The virus originated in Africa and it has been detected for the first time in Brazil and other American countries. A weak immune system allows the virus to spread
10	2016-1-25 21:00 Last week, women in Colombia, Ecuador, Salvador, and Jamaica were recommended to postpone their pregnancy until research on the Zika virus has made some progress. All people in the area are under the threat of being infected
10	Upload time: 2016-1-25 21:00 It was suggested to the women in Colombia, Equador, El Salvador and Jamaica that now is not a good time for pregnancy. That is because there is a possibility that all of the people in these areas will become infected by the Zika virus
10	All people in the area are under the threat of being infected. According to Prof. Laura Rodrigues, professor of Infectious Disease Epidemiology, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, in the heavily affected areas like Pernambuco, Brazil, each of 50 newborn babies is infected. She said: "Until November we knew nothing, this has caught us by surprise and we're trying to learn as fast as we can
10	That is because there is a possibility that all of the people in these areas will become infected by the Zika virus. The world is in danger. Professor Laura Rodrigues, member of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine and the Brazil Academy of Sciences, said that according to statistics, in some heavily infectious area such as the Pernambuco region in Brazil, one newborn baby out of 50 was infected. She also said that we knew nothing about it until last November but when we saw how surprisingly fast the virus spreads, we began our study at all costs
10	She said: "Until November we knew nothing, this has caught us by surprise and we're trying to learn as fast as we can. Wherever there is dengue, there are mosquitoes, then it will spread and not just in Americas. I think there is a very real chance it will spread in Asia." Zika_3546954b.jpg (150.73 KB, Download times: 15
10	She also said that we knew nothing about it until last November but when we saw how surprisingly fast the virus spreads, we began our study at all costs. As long as there are dengue fever and Aedes mosquitoes, it is possible the virus could spread to Asia. Zika_3546954b.jpg(Number of downloads: 15, Size: 150.73
10	My God, all the dangerous diseases originate from Africa. The quality of life, cleanliness, education, and development are all tightly related to diseases. According to the latest news, Zika arrived in Europe and one patient was found in Denmark. Coincidently, that was the same day that the Danish Parliament approved a controversial proposal to confiscate asylum seekers' valuables to pay for their upkeep
10	Oh my god, how come all big diseases originated in Africa? I think it has something to do with living conditions, health, education and development. Based on the latest update, the Zika virus has arrived in Europe: one victim of the Zika virus was found in Denmark. It was funny that it was the day that the Denmark Parliament approved legislation giving authorities the right to collect valuable objects from refugees entering Denmark
10	Reply Letter from Keriya Reply letter from Keriya. Assalamu Alaikum(Peace be upon you), respected brothers and sisters! After the earthquake in Keriya, many philanthropists, businessmen, individuals, organizations, and brothers and sisters all around our homeland donated huge amounts of material aid and cash
10	Answer from Yutian Reply from Yutian: Hello, my brothers. After the earthquake, many donors, entrepreneurs and individuals, government agencies, and brothers from neighbor counties and cities donated many goods and money
10	The person who guided the young generation in Karamay in the way of truth: Muhammatjan Abdulla. Mr. Abdulla said that after Muhammatjan was released from the prison, he went back to Karamay to rebuild his life all over again, and still worked on his mission of persuasion. The Chinese government considered him potentially dangerous and investigated him as a target. He was arrested in 2005 for the second time
10	Muhammadjan Abdulla, Who Led Youths to Truth Mr. Abdulla, as described in the story of Muhammatjan who was being released from prison in 1999, his re-marriage after his arrival in Karamay and his involvement in religious preaching, also said that Muhammatjan was being labeled as dangerous figure by the Chinese authorities and had been detained a second time in 2005, after being watched specifically for a long time
10	The men: To a children trafficker < Our Elder Brother> Don't steal my dear child. Muhemmettursun Abduréhim Oghlani Should I say you are an elder brother? Maybe you are younger than me. But if my child is safe, I will want to call you elder brother at once. We suffered many difficulties to raise that small life. We remembered our child with our every breath, and we were full of grief when our child got sick. If we were tired and entered into the house, or were exhausted from a trip or life, our child would give us comfort. This made us forget those difficulties and dangers. A child's various habits will give the parents fresh lives. If he disappeared, our hearts would be broken with our unstoppable tears. Brother, you silently took them that were very loving lives. It is a death for me by stealing my world. Have you been hearing my weeping? Those children mean money to you, but your money will run out. If you act like human beings, you will make a fortune also. Look those people who making honestly earned money, they lived long. Fortune will come to the industrious. Please think it again and again. Your father raised you just like that, your mother raised you just like that. If you have a kid, from the bottom of your heart, you will raise him just like us. I will never mind to call you elder brother, but please have a conscience for these trafficked children. The child is the heart of his parent. Let them be raised by their parent. Changchun Today is November 8th. Brave edited this article last time. At 23:32, 11/08/2014. The content is very good. Let us listen to the evaluation from our masters of poetry. You wrote very well. This poetry was written well. Particularly, the title, Don't Steal My Child, Elder Brother, is very proper for all. This is very well-written poetry and shows the broken-hearted feeling of the parent for their child. Thanks to the author of this title. This poetry's content is very eloquent. The police should have been authorized to shoot human traffickers and drug dealers on sight. Right? It is good to translate this poetry into Chinese. The human traffickers and drug dealers on sight... It is not enough to shoot them on sight. It would be a lesson to others, on the parading street, if they were killed by pulling a rope from their neck. The content is good. The aim of this forum is not cultivating a poet. The reasonable and devout people should freely commend under the individual cleans from professional and political brooms. This poetry belongs to the great one because of its precious content. Of course, I have not published any poetry for 10 years. So, in order to let this brother write better and more touchable poetry, I wish the netizens, as like Muhbul Rahman Arkim, a preserving poet, to professionally help me. The Human traffickers and drug dealers on sight... The human traffickers are never harmful to social stability and the county's safety. On the contrary, they have played a significant role in putting money into the police's pockets. Even a cat will consider its later life to kill rats one by one, rather than kill them all. Sensational... Very unfortunately, these villains, who trafficked children and deserved blame in this conscientious and sincere poem, have already destroyed our heavenly book. If they learn a lesson from this, they would not do this evil. Its content is decent. The human traffickers and drug dealers on sight... It is not enough to shoot them on sight. It would be a lesson to others, on the parading street, if they were killed by pulling a rope from their neck. Its content is decent. The aim of this forum is not cultivating a poet. The reasonable and devout people should freely commend under the individual cleans from professional and political brooms. This poetry belongs to the great one because of its precious content. Of course, I have not published any poetry for 10 years. So, in order to let this brother write better and more touchable poetry, I wish the netizens, as like Muhbul Rahman Arkim, a preserving poet, to professionally help me. The human traffickers and drug dealers on sight... The human traffickers are never harmful to social stability and the county's safety. On the contrary, they have played a significant role in putting money into the police's pockets. Even a cat would consider its later life to kill rats one by one, rather than kill them all. Sensational... Very unfortunately, these villains, who trafficked children and deserved blame in this conscientious and sincere poem, have already destroyed our heavenly book. If they learn a lesson from this, they would not do this evil. Its content is decent. Human traffickers toward social stability and the country's safety. Excellent, excellent
10	Oglani: For human traffickers Don't grab my child, please. Muhammat Tursun Abdurehim Oglani. I will call you elder brother although you are of younger age than I. I am willing that you be my elder brother if you return my son safely. The little youngster gives us more and more misfortune. We call to our child every minute and every second. We went inside when we were tired. We felt happy when our children had comfortable lives. A child's every movement gives its parents new life. Tears always are shed if he isn't there. You took the child away quietly. You grabbed my child and left me alone in my sorrow. Maybe you grabbed my child for money, but money will vanish as you spend it. As you are a human, you should do what a real human would do. When people make real money, you can see that one lives a longer life. Please think again, can diligent people make more money? Your parents looked after you as I look after my child. You always look after your child if you have a child. I am willing to call you "elder brother," so please show mercy to my child, "Human trafficker." Please let the child grow up happily with its parents. Changchun (Today, Nov 8th) Reviewed by brave. Time 23:32 82014-11-. Very good contents. Let us listen to the reviews of the poets. You wrote well. Very good poetry. Meanwhile, the subject of "don't grab my child, please, brother" looked verynice to all. Very good poetry. He spoken the minds of people who had lost achild. Very nice poetry. It is very good that police have the right to shoot the human traffickers and drug traffickers at the scene. It was really good that one could translate this poetry into Chinese. It is very good that police have the right to shoot the human traffickers and drug traffickers at the scene. It would be so simple for them if traffickers were shot at the scene. Very good content. It is not a matter of form that cultivates poets. We still pay attention to the good writer who can write correctly under political and professional supervision. This poetry was good due to the contents. Of course, for more than 10 years I didn't publish my poetry after writng it. So I hope that people who like Mujbul Rahman Arkim could help this citizen stick to his own way of writing poetry. And I still hope that he will publish more and more excellent works. It is very good that police have the right to shoot the human traffickers and drug traffickers at the scene. Human traffickers do not pose a threat to national security or public security. On the contrary, they play an important role in letting police make more money. Police arrest traffickers one-by-one in the way that a cat catches mice one-by-one, at the end of the day. Excellent. Unfortunately, the human traffickers don't read this kind of poetry, or they wouldn't do this. Very good content. It is very good that police have the right to shoot the human traffickers and drug traffickers at the scene. It would be so simple for them if traffickers were shot at the scene. Very good content. It is not a matter of form that cultivates poets. We still pay attention to the good writer who can write correctly under political and professional supervision. This poetry was good due to the contents. Of course, for more than 10 years I didn't publish my poetry after writing it. So I hope that people who like Mujbul Rahman Arkim could help this citizen stick to his own way of writing poetry. And I still hope that he will publish more and more excellent works. It is very good that police have the right to shoot the human traffickers and drug traffickers at the scene. Human traffickers do not pose a threat to national security or public security. On the contrary, they play an important role in letting police make more money. Police arrest traffickers one-by-one in the way that a cat catches mice one-by-one, at the end of the day. Excellent. Unfortunately, the human traffickers don't read this kind of poetry, or they wouldn't do this. Very good content. Human traffickers dol not pose a threat to national security or public security. Good, Good
10	Many people died due to a contagious flu in Russia. According to today's Russian News, beginning this year, a contagious flu, H1N1, had occurred, and caused death in many people. In addition, around 100 people were receiving treatment in hospitals
10	Flu Hits Russia, Killing Numerous People According to the "Today's Russia" Web news, since the beginning of this year, an H1N1 flu has been discovered in Russia, killing many. Aside from this, nearly 100 infected people are receiving treatment at a hospital
10	According to today's Russian News, beginning this year, a contagious flu, H1N1, had occurred, and caused death in many people. In addition, around 100 people were receiving treatment in hospitals. As learned, although doctors iddentified the contagious flu as a regular seasonal flu, a higher total number of infected people had proven its severity. In Saint Petersburg, the so called "capital city in the north," 500 people were infected and brought to hospitals. Among them, 123 people were diagnosed with swine flu. An officer of the local Health Department said: "More people with a diagnosis of swine flu died compared to the past. Many people died among people with clear diagnosis, and they also had other secondary illnesses.
10	According to the "Today's Russia" Web news, since the beginning of this year, an H1N1 flu has been discovered in Russia, killing many. Aside from this, nearly 100 infected people are receiving treatment at a hospital. It's reported that though doctors identified this flu as a seasonal flu, the number of the infected patients indicates that the flu must be taken seriously. In Saint Petersburg, the city known as the "northern capital" of Russia, more than 500 people were infected and have been brought to hospitals. Among them, 123 people were diagnosed as swine flu patients. This time, number of the victims of the swine flu is much higher than the previous one. On January 18, a medical official in that location said, "Many of the patients of who have been clearly diagnosed have died. These patients also had some successive sicknesses.
1	Chile Hit by Flood and Forest Fire Released time: March 27, 2015 Updated: March 27, 2015 The Voice of Turkey Broadcast news: Seven people killed in the flooding which occurred in northern Chile, and the infrastructure damage in the neighbourhoods affected people's lives
1	A wild forest fire and "Sal" disaster occurred in Chile. According to Sound of Turkish: 7 people were killed during a "Sal" disaster in northern Chile, because of which, construction work on community infrastructures was slowed down
7	Now, the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomy Region established a system that helps to prevent five grades of earthquake and decreases the level of disasters. "Overall Earthquake Prevention and Damage Reduction (2011-2015)" was established to protect and rebuild important buildings in cities and the countryside to make them earthquake-proof. Additionally, preparation and damage control projects were built, based on helping people to feel safe and prosperous throughout the region. Quickly, a crisis intervention team was set up. On the morning of September 28, 2013, the crisis intervention team of the Autonomous Region delivered a strong signal to hold a pre-disaster exercise. The exercise implemented a second-grade level response to the earthquake crisis and prevented severe earthquake damage after the disaster based on 7.2 magnitude earthquakes that happened in Maralbeshi, Kashkar. Nurbakri, Communist Party vice Secretary of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, took responsibility as leader
7	At the outset, the autonomous region established a five-level alert system for preventing and minimizing damage from earthquakes. In the process, "the autonomous region's universal plan for the prevention and minimization of damage from earthquakes (from 2011 to 2015)" took form. Through this measure, quake-resistant secure houses were constructed in the countryside and towns within the autonomous region, forming a solid base for the disaster prevention work. Breaking news: An emergency collaboration movement mechanism has been established and strengthened. A strong signal could be heard from the autonomous regional headquarters of coping with an emergency situation on the afternoon of September 28, 2013. Here, the autonomous region simulated the effects of the 7.2-magnitude earthquake that occurred at Maralbeshi county of Kashgar prefecture, preparatory to undertaking hypothetical responsive maneuvers, and requested a second-level response from the participants. Nur Bekri, the vice secretary of the autonomous regional party committee and chairman of autonomous region, assumed the role of the commander-in-chief of these activities
4	Chobanbay county was occupied by the strikers.
4	Protesters from Qobanbay county were arrested.
10 7	Similar to the fact that a human hand is divided into the palm and the back of the hand, everything has two sides. It's normal to see the appearance of such opinions. Only smart people with clear vision can understand these. However, everything has a limit, which can neither be exceeded or fallen short of. It's really made people a bit angry to see the immediate distribution of 2008 earthquake pictures with this earthquake in Khotan. What might be the exact reason for the appearance of such a "clear" conclusion that is based on such vague facts mixed with personal feelings? This picture was taken during the 2008 earthquake in Keriye. You can check it through this web address, * Y0 V8 {4 n2 R2 \( y http://news.qq.com/a/20080327/002721.htm. It seemed that this is a special report prepared to show those generous helping hands and donated items that have made a huge "help"; as if it was prepared to show their actual help through the media in order to refute those critics who have called them "betrayers who didn't help." It's normal to see such public denial, as well as public discouragement and compliance
10 7	Just like one's hand could be formed from the palm and back, everything has two sides. It was common to have these arguments which can be only understood by wise people, but we should control the limits, you can reach it but can't go over it. It really made the public angry to see photos taken of earthquake in the year of 2008. What was the reason some people reached that conclusion just from unclear evidence or personal feelings? This is a picture from the Yutian earthquake that occurred in 2008, click the web address for more information. It was a common thing to see many donated items, a great number of volunteers and overflowing warm-hearts that seems to be a special news for charities. It was also normal people tried their best to let others know what they did, and caused a bad atmosphere
1 7	A sudden snow slide occurred on the Sayram Kengsay Highway. The report from China News Web on Feb 12. At 9 o'clock, Feb 11, a snow slide occurred on the Sayram Kengsay Highway near the exit for Junguo Tunnel, in the direction from Hulja toward Urumqi. The snow accumulation, with nearly seven meters height and eight meters length, occupied four meters of the highway
1 7	An unexpected avalanche occurred on Sayram-Kengsay highway China News Net, February 12 report: An unexpectedly snow-slide occurred at the entrance of Junguo tunnel in the direction of Urumchi from Ghulja on the Sayram-Kengsay Highway at 9:00 pm Urumqi Time, February 11. The gathered snow reached around 3 meters tall; 8 meters long, and blocked nearly 4 meters of the road
1 3 7	A flood hits Qumul Mujibul Rahman Erkim May 20, 2015, heavy rain in Qumul City caused floods the next day and the floods struck three of the five ancient cities. The residents of Qara Dowe, Lapchuq, and Toghuchi have witnessed a great phenomenon they have never seen before. According to the elder people, a disastrous flood like this has never emerged in the history of the city
1 3 7	Flood in Hami, Mujbul Rahman Arkim. May 20, 2015, continuous raining caused a deluge which damaged three ancient cities out of five. People from Wubao, Taochu, Toghuchi villages became the witnesses of scenes which they had never seen. Our seniors told us that there hadn't been a flood since it was a place to live
8	In Canada, the armed people attacked a cemetery.
8	Canada armed attacked a grave in Canada.
1	The Chinese Red Cross donated money to disaster areas. Report of the Uyghur Channel of the People's Network from Beijing on February 23rd: The cyclone named "Winston" occurred in the Pacific Ocean island country Fiji. Gu Yu, the chargé d'affaires of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, donated 100 thousand dollars worth of emergency goods and money to the Fiji Red Cross as humanitarian aid. The "Winston" storm struck Fiji on February 20[th] . Houses were destroyed and electricity was disconnected
1	China donated money to the Red Cross Society for Fiji for disaster relief. According to a telegram of the People's Network Uyghur channel on Feb 23rd: The Pacific island nation of Fiji has been affected by a storm named "Winston." Gu Yu, representative of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, sent 100 thousand in disaster relief money from China's Red Cross Society on Feb 22nd. Fiji had suffered from a storm named "Winston," in which houses were destroyed and power outages occurred
10	The call for help for the victims in Kiriye. According to a report, in which there was information about some college students and entrepreneurs headed toward the affected area with a cargo van filled with supplies, we learn that the van with the supplies wasn't allowed past the board of Xoten City
10	A call to provide help to the earthquake-affected people in Keriye A statement announced that several trucks loaded with daily necessities set out on the journey, carrying donations from the students and industrialists in Urumqi. However, it is learned that the trucks were blocked at the checkpoint of Hotan city and not allowed to move
10	Perhat Tursun Perhat Tursun Yarghol I am nonproductive but I am not a dishonored person. I am gonna say that I am not gonna praise you, Perhat Tursun. I would rather curse your weightless verses cold like Germans and like the castle Kafka was not able to get in than praise you, oh Perhat Tursun. I laugh at the smiley poor guys and stop suddenly after that... you made me look bad to the world. You poured the condom in the Tarim river into my brain. Why did you change the pattern of Uyghur poetry that always praises others? Who wants to sit next to you if you do that? You make me turn into a pious man and I am afraid of thinking about you as if I fear water. I am in the hospital because of this serious paradox. Of Perhat Tursun , you created my heart condition. I would understand a little bit if it is a gloomy poem but this looks like a foggy poem. He lived as who he was, didn't he? I liked it. Anybody want to play paradox? Let's play paradox, come on, if you are not concerned about being mentally ill. Let me keep doing. How to call this? Is that a poem? muhlis0998 23:21 5-1-2016 posted time Anybody want to play paradox? Being a mental patient ... You begin first and let's work together if it is ok Of Perhat Tursun , you created my heart condition. The last part is greatly composed. I wish more success for Yarghol's writing. For the readers: Yarghol, look at the parts of the works that you felt unnecessary and what is there is the absolute world you will definitely go to very soon. Learn the difference between word and talk. Just stick with the word and undress limitlessly in the desert of the meaning. Trust the poet who does not stay in the destination. He more and constantly talk about sex, darkness, and death Writer, it might be you that he was cursing. Keep away for what you got used to and who you love. Turn your eyeballs into poisonous arrows and your aim to shameless praises. You should understand that you can learn nothing from us. Dive into our colors and blossom up in our voices and white bushes but forget us for the significance of us. Something like that, Yarghol , I am afraid of something and anxious about something. I feel myself lonely like the moon and powerless like the widowed aunty in the village. Although I know poets die without seeing morning light, I still seek comfort from the verses about lights. I am satisfied with lying and betrayals. Please come, sell me slowly and sneakily. Block the sun that is not straight ever and take my bulky ethereality. Flame my last myths. If my inner organs did not resist the nights and my anxiousness did not warm up January, my stone like hard debts, an unknown someone did not step down on my shoulder, how my life would become miserable. I also feel myself extra like an abandoned gland and feel myself passionate like winter birds. I love the world with some kind of poor emotion... and I believe that is a betrayal for the soul writing poems in this time. I wait for something and seek comfort from something. Maybe I expected a death or a life after the death..
10	Perhat Tursun Perhat Tursun, I am telling you that I would rather lose than be a man without honor; I am not praising you, Perhat Tursun. I'd rather curse you and your tasteless poems than praise you. I laughed at the cute pauper in your story and stopped immediately; you embarrassed me publicly. You poured the Tarim River Gandon on my head and why do you challenge the way we, the Uyghur people, praise people? If you do this, who will stay by your side? You treated me as a dervish, so I fear thinking of you as I fear water. I am hospitalized from overplaying Paradox. Perhat Tursun, you are my heart disease. If it is a dim poem, I will understand; but it is a cloudy one. How can he live with himself? I like it. Is there anyone who plays Paradox? Let those of us who are not afraid of being psychopaths play Paradox. I will keep it up. What do we call this, a poem? Uploaded time: 2016-1-5 21:23 by muhlis0998 Is there anyone who plays Paradox? Suffering from mental illness. First start and we will see if it continues. Perhat Tursun, you are my heart disease. The last lines of the poem are good and I hope Yarghul's writings will be a success. To readers of Yarghul: Focus on the points that you feel are useless in masterpieces, where the absolute world is, at which you are arriving soon. That is, distinguish the word from talk: plunge into the depth of words, discover their meaning endlessly. Surely you will be convinced by the truths of a tireless poet about the desertion of meaning. I wonder how he speaks endlessly about sex, darkness and death. Unknown author. Perhaps it's you that she is cursing. Turn away from those to whom you are accustomed and those whom you love. Turn your eyeballs into poisonous arrows and focus on the shameless praises ... Just realize you can learn nothing from us. Plunge into our color, flow into our sounds, bloom from our stings, but forget us utterly for the sake of our values. Yes, it terrified and frightened me. I found myself very lonely, like my aunt, who lived alone in our village. I know poets die early without seeing or enjoying life, but it encourages me to read lines about a bright future. I will be satisfied with lies and betrayals. Come at me stealthily and secretly. Please lift my curved son; pull my light-weight body; burn my last fairy tale... I wonder what would happen if not for my organs standing up in the dark night and my feelings of concern lasting me till January. My hard burden oppresses me, and if there were not someone invisible behind me, life would be a misery... I feel like a surplus gland, yet passionate like the winter birds... I love the world with a somewhat crooked passion... and I believe writing poems in this age is corruptive to hearts... I am afraid of something...suspicious of something... perhaps my suspicion is because of the silence of the sky. I am waiting for something, seeking comfort from something. Perhaps I have been waiting for death or the life after it..
10	Infectious disease spreads in two cruise ships. US Cable Television Station Network stated that the "Oasis of the Sea" from Royal Caribbean Cruises can be seen as a cruise which had encountered back to back major infectious diseases which rapidly spread. Among them, 105 people were infected and showed symptoms like vomiting and diarrhea throughout a cruise from April 5[th] to 12[th]
10	Large Scale of Infectious Disease Outbreak in Two Cruise Ships Reported by CNN news: Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Sea is a ship that has witnessed two subsequent outbreaks of large scale of infectious disease. During a cruise from April 5 to 12 a total of 105 people were infected, mostly displaying vomiting and diarrhea
10	Another massive spread of infectious disease happened on the "Crown" from Princess Cruises. The cruise was planning to travel to Los Angles on November 14[th] and carried 4000 passengers and staff. Two passengers were infected. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention of America staff and experts waited for the cruise to return to start a deeper investigation
10	Another large scale of outbreak occurred on "Crown", a cruise ship owned by the Crown Princess tour company. On the ship, which is expected to be in Los Angeles by the 11th day with its 4,000 passengers and crew members, has reported 152 infected patients. Workers from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and experts were waiting to conduct an immediate investigation upon the arrival of the ship
10	1983: An armed gang carries out Britain's largest-ever robbery at London's Heathrow Airport, and six robbers steal Pound26 million (today approximately Pound79 million) worth of gold. 1984: An explosion occurs in the Unites States embassy in Colombia, and one person dies and two are injured. 1990: The reopening of the Shanghai Stock Exchange is approved
10	Today in 1983，the worst armed robbery in UK history took place. Six armed robbers stole 3 tons of gold in the value of 27million francs from a warehouse near London. Today in 1984，the U.S. Embassy in Columbia exploded, causing one death and two injuries. Today in 1990，the Shanghai Stock Exchange was re-established
3	The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks. We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township. Other news relates to Keriye from Uyghur bloggers. May peace be upon you, my friends. We landed in Hotan from Urumqi around 9:00 this morning. Then, we left for the affected regions, with the donation from our companies, Abida and Miras, as well as the microphones, provided by websites including Misranim, Anatuprak, Karwan, and Qimbulak. Certainly, this place is more than 50 kilometers away from Kiriye. We successfully delivered the food and clothes to the victims. The magnitude of 7.3 in the report is really high; however, thankfully, Allah has blessed our town and given this miracle. We knew from the Aqqang Township government that no one was injured, and only some houses were toppled. Of course, this is due to the fact that the earthquake occurred in a sparsely populated rural region. A rockslide damaged 150,000Mu of grassland, which caused 319 livestock to be killed. The pictures you saw on Wechat in recent days are from the most seriously damaged place. In total, there are only 10 pictures. We know that the reports from news agencies from the Central government and the Autonomous Region are from those pictures. However, some people on the Internet have posted pictures from the previous year's earthquake, giving wrong information. What you have seen here is the real condition of Uyghur people in this rural area. They are too poor to assemble donations. People who came here to assist these victims also updated with live reports. Now I want to say, please collect donations based on their need. We really need the necessary supplies. The victims are living in emergency tents, and because the affected region is in the mountains, they need coal for warming. Because so much land has been damaged, they need fodder for their herds too. Please remember to visit the poor Uyghur people in rural areas regardless of any excuse. I wish someone could collect money to cover the volunteers' travelling expenses. In this way, we could spend money on other poor Uyghur people in other rural areas, because this is a sparsely populated region, whose area is very large. Even if you reach here, you would not know where to find them. We are touched by people's motivations, reflecting a united spirit that says that, if one side is in trouble, the other sides will come to help. So, I advise those hesitating to come, think carefully. Accordingly, the current supplies and donations from our enterprisers and the government have exceeded expectations. ...... May Allah keep you all healthy ...... Ababakri Muhtar, reported from Misranim: an affected region, not a disaster region. May peace be up on you, my friends. I'm representing Misranim, Anatuprak, Qimbulak and Karwan websites to give a live report regarding to the condition of the affected regions. As I said at the beginning, words like "disaster region" in articles undoubtedly shocked everyone. A disaster region is an unfortunate place we don't want to visit. The correct term should be "an affected region." Please pay attention to your word usage. This morning, after a conversation with the leader of Keriye County, I found out that, since yesterday evening, many friends have delivered fodder and coal for the victims. Even the supplies from the government have exceeded the people's needs. I suggest other friends not come here, as other media have reported, because this situation is not as bad as it sounds. But still, with Allah's mercy, I am sad, having seen our friends' poverty. The people, who are already poor, attract our attention after this earthquake. God know how many poor families like them are existing in Xinjiang. After all, distributing the donated supplies has become a problem. Many charities are raising donations now, but the families live far away from each other. Under the circumstances, it is almost impossible to deliver the supplies to them. How we should do this
3	I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks! We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township. Other news on Keriye from Uyghur web visitors: Hello! Dear brothers, today we left from Urumqi in the morning and arrived in Hotan at 9:00 in the evening. We took rescue goods with us that were provided by companies such as Abide and Miras. ,In the meantime, reporters from Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Karwan, Chimbulaq and other Uyghur websites took their microphones with them and went to the affected area. It is a 50-km distance from here. We handed over food and clothes to the affected people together with the companies' representatives. The power level of the earthquake is a 7.3-magnitude, an extremely high number. However, Allah protects our homeland: it was as if a miracle happened. According to the information from the Atchan township government, no casualties were reported, but the walls of houses were cracked. The cause was the epicenter being sparsely populated. In addition, 150,000 mu of pasture was destroyed by the huge mountain slide. 319 farm animals died. Everyone saw pictures of the earthquake on WeChat. Well, those pictures that you saw were taken from the most affected area. In total, there are no more than 10 pictures and all pictures were taken from CCTV and Xinjiang TV: there are no new pictures. However, some web writers published old pictures that were taken of the earthquake that occurred several years ago aspart of an attempt to convince the public that the pictures were taken of this quake. This resulted in a bad feeling among the people. One could only feel the real situation of our people on the actual spot. It was our peoples' poverty in Hotan that led to the considerable donation activities among us. People did not stop making donations until now. Visitors who came to the affected area also spread the news and tried to respond to peoples' feeling. At the moment, I would like to suggest that if someone were to make a donation, or organize a support team, the most needed and necessary things are coal and animal fodder. Because the affected area is close to the mountain, night temperatures can reach levels so low that local people need coal in order to stay warm. In addition, a great number of winter pastures were destroyed; therefore, the livestock and house animals need fodder. If people want to help, their best choice is to send only their representatives. It is difficult to contact the affected people or local officials here, because the affected area is so wide and the population settled so sparsely. If you come here, I want to inform you that it is really difficult to contact the affected people or local officials. In that case, you would not be able to hand over your donations. We are very impressed by our brothers' help and kind responses. Through these deeds, they show their generosity when others need urgent help. But we further suggest that you consider more calmly before you decide to come here. At present, there is already enough food and other daily necessities, even more than they need..... May Allah be grateful to you!..... Ababekri Muhtar's report from the Misranim website: The term "disaster area" is the wrong expression, I think. The correct phrase should be "affected area." Dear brothers, I am a representative of websites such as Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Chimbulaq and Karwan, which reported the situation at the affected area. The term "disaster area," used in a lot of reports and essays, really surprised us. The literary meaning of the term "disaster area" is "dangerous place where people can not stay". Therefore, the correct expression of this term should be "the affected area." I hope we use the correct term and words when writing essays. This morning, I talked with the head of Keriye County and found out that our brothers donated a great amount of coal and animal fodder. Currently, the rescue goods and other necessities at the County storage facilities have already exceeded the needs. Furthermore, I do not recommend that many people come here, as has been mentioned in other media because the situation is not as serious as we had imagined from afar. May Allah be merciful to our brothers! It is a pity to see our people's poverty and these miserable conditions. This time, the earthquake let the public know just how poor the local people were. How many poor villages existed in Xinjiang like that? Only Allah knows! Well, then, we return to our topic: it is a difficult problem to hand over rescue goods and other donations to the affected people. Charity organizations and the people did a lot of good things, but emergency goods must reach the hands of the affected people. Due to the fact that local residents settled down sparsely, how should we get the donations into their hands? What can we do
10	The round-up report on Kiriye. The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks. We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township
10	The general reports on Keriye I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks! We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township
10	Mycoplasma Pneumonia spread in Beijing. Parents who had kids who were coughing and running fevers had never heard of "Mycoplasma" before
10	Mycoplasma Infections Rising in Beijing Numerous parents whose kids had coughs and high temperatures have heard the word "mycoplasma.
8	Russian reporters were attacked.
8	Reporters were attacked in Russia.
10	A total of 121 people have died due to infectious disease in Saudi Arabia. According to the Philippines United Morning News Network, from a respiratory universal disease that had been found in 18 patients in Saudi Arabia, 149 patients have been infected up to now. Among them, four people and 7 livestock died due to ineffective treatments. There were 121 people who died
10	Death Toll of the Infectious Disease Victims in Saudi Arabia Has Reached 121 According to the Associated Morning News Web of Singapore, since the recent discovering of 18 MERS patients in Saudi Arabia, the total number of infected patients has reached 149. Among them four people died on May 7 due to unsuccessful treatment. Due to this, the death toll reached to 121
10	On May 7[th], the WHO showed that the disease spread rapidly in hospitals. Some doctors reported that the Health Department did not implement virus prevention and control plans. Saudi Arabia Health Department stated that they fired the dean of a hospital in Jeddah. It was outrageous to know that the disease was spread by nurses from the hospital. The hospital was temporarilyy closed last month, and several nurses were diagnosed with central west respiratory universal disease
10	On May 7, the World Health Organization said that the disease had spread quickly in the hospital and some hospitals where the disease had originated didn't adopt the WHO's measures around the prevention and control of the disease. The head of the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia announced that he has fired the head of a hospital in Jeddah. The virus allegedly originated from nurses of this hospital and it caused a huge public outcry. The hospital has been temporarily shut down since last month several nurses had been infected with MERS
3	The flood in Qumul. Muxibul Rahman Erkim. On May 5, 2015, in Kumul, the steady rain caused the extreme, which hit quickly three of the five ancient cities. The people of Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohochi witnessed a scene that they had never seen in their lives. The older folks said these towns have never suffered this kind of disastrous flood
3	Kumul flood disaster: there was heavy rainfall in Kumul on May 20, 2015, which caused the heavy flood disaster in the morning of the next day. There are five ancient cities in Kumul, in which three were attacked by the flood disaster. People from Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships witnessed a scene that they never had seen before in their lives. The old people said that this kind of catastrophic flooding never happened here before
10 1 7	Chinese Media Network News, April 27[th]: Bagdax Network: Ablimit translation. According to the foreign media reports, western Pakistan was struck by a storm that caused the deaths of 44 people and injuries of varying severity in more than 200. Based on reports, the northwestern part of Pakistan endured a storm at local time of 4 am on April 26. The intense rain and storm caused severe damage. Due to the intense storm, around 10 families' houses collapsed, trees fell down, and many roads were blocked
10 1 7	News from China's information network on April 27th: Ablimit from the Bagdax.net contributed to the translation: According to news from foreign media on April 26th, so far 44 people were dead and more than 200 people were injured by a storm in northwest Pakistan. News reports said that, local time April 26, Peshawar, in northwest Pakistan, had suffered a heavy rain and storm that caused massive damage. Attacked by the storm, 10 or more houses collapsed and trees were uprooted, which caused numbers of roadblocks
10	RT @henrykszad: 33 killed, 140 injured in Kunming attack http://t.co/OANkEpf6O
10	RT @henrykszad: Thirty three people died and 140 people were injured during the Kun Ming riot
7	Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches. A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck Keriya county at 15:19:50 Urumchi Time, on February 12. The earthquake depth is 12 km
7	A severe earthquake occurred in Yutian, followed by national relief. At 3:19:50 on February 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake occurred around Yutian County. The epicenter depth reached to 12 meters
7	The number of remaining quake has been reached 143 times so far and 350 houses damaged. 861 houses with cracked walls. 386 barns collapsed and 178 livestock killed. The earthquake in Achchan village, Keriya was severe. 620,000 square kilometers area and 192,000 people affected
7	As of now, there have been 143 aftershocks, which damaged 350 houses. The wall of 861 houses cracked, 386 animal pens collapsed, and 178 domestic animals died. The strong earthquake struck Atqan village of Yutian county. The earthquake Aafected 192,000 square meters of land and 620,000 people
10 7	More than 400 cadres in Keriye county organizations in the stricken area (...) China Uyghur Radio Web, February 13, Beijin
10 7	About 400 Yutian cadres arrived at the earthquake disaster area. China Radio Net Uyghur channel, news from Beijing, February 13
7	A forest fire occurred in California, U.S.A. At the local time on Jun 13, a forest fire occurred near California, which caused around 250 people to evacuate during the fight against fire. (1300 English mile land was burned by the fire, which was caused by thunder.
7	A great forest fire occurred in California, USA A great forest fire occurred in California, USA, in local time, on June 13, 2015. In the process of extinguishing the fire, the firefighters evacuated approximately 250 people from the scene (the fire was caused by lightning striking the forest, and currently1,300 acres of land has burned down)
7	Since there was no clue about Malaysia Airlines, survey teams from many nations continue searching http://t.co/dszzNs1qw
7	Searching teams from all around the world are still searching due to no clues having been found about the Malaysia air crash. http://t.co/dszzNs1qw
10 7	The "Cauldron Talks" Regarding the Earthquake in Keriye are Growing Agitated February 12, 2014 was an ordinary day for all of us
10 7	Heated talks were held about the earthquake that occurred in Hotan February 12, 2014, was an ordinary day for all of us
10	The reasons for wide-spread AIDS in Uyghur land(1): Reporting news now... http://t.co/L1SFZ7Eod
10	Reasons revealed for the fast spreading of AIDS infections in the Uyghur region and truth (1). http://t.co/L1SFZ7Eod
8	The deaths of 50 people during mine attack in Bay has been revealed. http://t.co/JeLN6sgOP
8	It was indicated that during the Bay Coad accident 50 people died. http://t.co/JeLN6sgOP
10 1 7	A press conference was held by the government of Hotan province to discuss solutions and rescue work after the "February 12[th]" earthquake. Uzunda website: the Government of Hotan held a press conference to discuss rescue projects and solutions for the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriya, Hotan on February 12[th]. The meeting concluded with important information about solutions and rescue missions
10 1 7	A press conference on the earthquake relief in the "2.12" magnitude Keriya earthquake in the Hotan region. Abstract: on February 15, a press conference discussed the whole situation of earthquake relief for the Hotan region, following the "2.12"magnitude Keriya earthquake, measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale
10 1 3 7	A 7.3 magnitude earthquake happened in Keriya. Xijing Ping and Li Keqiang gave very important notices regarding this. The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in the Keriya province in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region on February 12[th]
10 1 3 7	M7.3 earthquake occurred in Yutian. Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang have made important instructions regarding the disaster relief work. An M7.3 earthquake occurred at 15:19, Feb 12th, 2014, in Xinjiang, Yutian county
10	Published time: at 13:13:52 on August 5[th], 2015: China Media Network: Source: China Media Network News on August 13[th]: Ablimit translation: The Health Department of Saudi Arabia reported locally on August 4[th] that 4 people were infected with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-Cov) and died. Another four people were newly diagnosed with this illness. According to the published notice, these four patients came from the capital city of Saudi Arabia, Riyadh, and were all males. Among them, the youngest one is a 32-year-old foreigner
10	Send time: 2015-08-05, 13:13:52China News Web August 5 news; editor: Ablimit; source: China News Web, taken from Baghdash Web; translated by Ablimit; On August 4, the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia released a general notification and said that in the past 24 hours four people have died of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) infections, and four new patients have been identified as newly infected. According to the general notification, these four died patients were discovered in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia. Among them, the youngest patient was a 32-year-old foreign citizen
10	MERS occurred in Saudi Arabia and caused death in 417 people. Published time: at 13:13:52 on August 5[th], 2015: China Media Network: Source: China Media Network News on August 13[th]: Ablimit translation: The Health Department of Saudi Arabia reported locally on August 4[th] that 4 people were infected with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-Cov) and died. Another four people were newly diagnosed with this illness
10	In Saudi Arabia MERS Virus Death Toll Rises to 471 Send time: 2015-08-05, 13:13:52China News Web August 5 news; editor: Ablimit; source: China News Web, taken from Baghdash Web; translated by Ablimit; On August 4, the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia released a general notification and said that in the past 24 hours four people have died of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) infections, and four new patients have been identified as newly infected
8	A explosion in Moscow upset the government. East Turkistan Information Center.
8	An explosion happened in Moscow that brought anxiousness to the government. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
8	A armed attacks took place in America.
8	A shooting incident happened in America.
7	Now, the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomy Region established a system that helps to prepare for five grades of earthquake and decreases the level of disasters. "Comprehensive Earthquake Preparation and Damage Reduction (2011-2015)" was established to protect and re-build important constructions in cities and countryside to make them earthquake-proof. Additionally, preparation and damage control projects were built, based on helping people to feel safe and wealthy throughout the region. Quickly, a crisis intervention team was set up. On the morning of September 28, 2013, the crisis intervention team of the Autonomous Region delivered a strong signal to hold a pre-disaster exercise. The exercise implemented a second-grade level response to the earthquake crisis and prevented severe earthquake damage after the disaster based on 7.2 magnitude earthquakes that happened in Maralbeshi, Kashkar. Nurbakri, Communist Party vice Secretary of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, took leadership responsibility
10	China Radio Network News from Beijing on February 12[th]: On February 10[th] local time, the director of the American Center for Disease Control and Prevention Feerdon reported that information from our Cuba laboratory had initially proved a connection between the Zika virus and small heads of babies. According to news reports, experts at the American Center for Disease Control and Prevention found genetic components of the Zika virus in two babies who died due to microcephaly. This would be the strongest evidence yet to prove the connection between Zika virus and microcephaly. America and Brazil will undertake related clinical and scientific investigations on infectious diseases as a next step. Thus this machine asked pregnant women not to travel to regions that are affected by the Zika virus, and warned that pregnant woman who were staying in the Zika virus region for an extended period of time needed to avoid being stung by mosquitos
10	China Uyghur Radio Web, February 12, Beijing: By local time February 10, Freden, the director of the Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention, said, "Information sent by our center's Cuba laboratory has initially proved that there is a direct connection between the Zika virus and newly born infants' small heads." According to the news, researchers at the Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention in the USA have discovered the genetic substance of the Zika virus in the brain plasmas of two infants who have died from small heads. Until now, this is the strongest proof that proves the connection between the Zika virus and small heads. For the next step, Brazil and America will conduct scientific research in the field of relevant clinical investigations and contagious diseases. Therefore, the organization alerted pregnant women that they should avoid travel to any area with the Zika virus and pregnant women who have lived a long time in an area with the Zika should avoid mosquito bites
10 7	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake
7	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake. This is yet another scar etched deeply on the chest of the Republic
7 1	Recently, student Liu Linhai of our Class 0208105 unfortunately lost his life in the Great 5/12 Earthquake, and our call to students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 to extend a helping hand to his parents was positively responded to by everyone. This also includes both HIB students and alumni at home and alumni abroad, to whom we would like to express our heart-felt gratitude. In addition, school faculties are already making applications to resolve the loans that he owed to pursue his study. However, as our nation is in a disaster, we should still focus our attention on the overall situation and make our contributions to the nation and the disaster-hit area. So thank you everyone for your good intention. We hope you could donate your money to the affected areas and to more needy people. If students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 want to make a donation, you may contact us directly. In addition, please note we have not posted any bank account numbers online. True feelings are revealed at times of disasters. Once again, our entire 0208105 class would like to express our heart-felt gratitude to everyone's attention and blessings on behalf of the late Liu Linhai and his family
7 1	The Chinese government has responded quickly to the earthquake. At the same time, all of the media, primarily composed of state-owned media, has spared no efforts in presenting the government's best face to the Chinese people who have united as never before. This is all helpful for improving the image of the central government, demonstrating that it is responsible and highly efficient
10 1 3 7	Raising standards to in excess of Tangshan's 8.0 magnitude could leave authorities with some breathing space for explanation, and alleviate public anger. According to information leaked from numerous channels, we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck, the serious earthquake risk in the Ngawa region was already well known to the CCP. Although current forecasting standards cannot give us an accurate prediction of the exact time, place, and strength of an earthquake, there is considerable experience accumulated both in China and overseas in predicting to within the timeframe of a month, and the area of a province
10 1 3 7	If the simulation program was well designed, circumstances like debris blocking roads, heavy rainfall obstructing parachute drops, power and communication outages should all have been within expectations. Instead in this instance the Liberation Army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously was not a contingency plan designed with earthquakes as the assumed condition, as the soldiers all rushed straight to Wenchuan, without immediately sending out troops in the direction of badly-hit areas Beichuan, Qingchuan and Gansu's Longnan; only 24 hours later was the full extent of the disaster area taken into consideration. In addition, the breakdown in communication also brought a serious problem to the surface. In the past, Red Army regiments were able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one battered radio. On this occasion though, people had no way to deal with the communication failure
7	I think that if our Earthquake Administration had been able beforehand to do a simulation of big earthquakes on this Longmenshan mountain earthquake belt, then on that day of May 12, once the Earthquake Administration had measured the quake at a magnitude of 7.8, we would have been able to broadly judge the extent of damage and destruction in the earthquake disaster zone. If the simulation program was well designed, circumstances like debris blocking roads, heavy rainfall obstructing parachute drops, power and communication outages should all have been within expectations. Instead in this instance the Liberation Army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously was not a contingency plan designed with earthquakes as the assumed condition, as the soldiers all rushed straight to Wenchuan, without immediately sending out troops in the direction of badly-hit areas Beichuan, Qingchuan and Gansu's Longnan; only 24 hours later was the full extent of the disaster area taken into consideration. In addition, the breakdown in communication also brought a serious problem to the surface. In the past, Red Army regiments were able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one battered radio. On this occasion though, people had no way to deal with the communication failure. It is clear that preparations prior to the event were not constructed on the basis of an earthquake disaster simulation
7 1	On the other hand, Mike (Mike Boyer), editor of "Foreign Policy," indicated in an essay in a special column, "China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management" (China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management), that up until now, the Chinese government seems to be fairly liberal with the release of information regarding the massive earthquake in Sichuan, and the government's approach is still rather satisfactory
3	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China
1	One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami
1	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami. Although there is a diminishing trend to the number of casualties in these three disasters, the figure of 120 thousand is nonetheless alarming indeed. Where the beaches of these countries were littered with human bodies, surprisingly there were no wild animal corpses to be found. Some animals, including elephants, during the preceding few days had already taken to their heels and headed for the mountains. And only after the tsunami was over did they come down to search for water. Is this an accident? Run Taoyan tells us it isn't! My home is in the plains to the south of Beijing, not a great distance away from Tangshan. However, damage to buildings in the earthquake was not too serious. In the days leading up to the Tangshan earthquake, horses, cows and sheep did not seek shelter, ducks and chickens stayed out of the coop - even mice crossing the road were a widespread phenomenon
10 1	It was said that Wen Jiabo immediately went to inspect the disaster area, but he couldn't at all enter Wenchuan, the epicenter of the earthquake, where large torrential rains after the quake were falling. It was learned that due to seriousness of the breaks and =collapses in roads, as well as continuous aftershocks, the advance force of the Chengdu Military Region has up to now had no way to rush to the urban area of Wenchuan county, the epicenter of the earthquake
10	The lack or serious shortage of intermediate layers of Party organizations and units between the two has resulted in its inability to consider major issues with endless minor issues on hand, such that even if it is highly capable, it won't last long, as it will be dragged down by numerous petty things. This would have been unimaginable during the Great Tangshan Earthquake. A time without volunteers or mental workers, such petty things as directly dealing with average people were performed by the most primary Party branches, as well as enterprises and public institutions. As soon as the earthquake occurred, grass-root organizations contacted their own people and average people also contacted their own systems or departments, in an interdependent manner
10 3	Such a behavior will only hurt the good image that Chinese have presented to the world in the earthquake rescue and relief efforts this time. Following the great earthquake in Sichuan, China, Chinese people both at home and abroad have become united as never before, demonstrating unprecedented love and philanthropy. Countless touching stories able to move people to tears have been told during the disaster relief
7 1	Some officials, out of local economic considerations, by accident or design are frequently too lenient in dealing with property agents. We all saw the damage wreaked by the Wenchuan Earthquake. As to how much of this was a result of natural disaster, and how much was man-made calamity, a verdict will be drawn in the end
10 1	Following the Great Wenchuan Earthquake this time, there were compatriots who struggled out of the debris, wiped their tears and buried the bodies of their families, but they braced up again and declared to the world, "we are not beaten down; we are on our feet again; the earthquake cannot shake the staunch will of the Chinese people; trials and tribulations serve only to revitalize a nation!" This enables us to see the fighting spirits of the dauntless Chinese nation give off a dazzling radiance among people in disaster-hit areas
7 1	However, owing to Premier Wen breaking away from the Political Bureau of the Central Committee collective and the State Council, flying over to Sichuan to put on a one-man show, and then issuing commands to Beijing from Sichuan and deploying troops, the leaders of the relevant departments had no choice but to fly over to Sichuan to confer over disaster relief work, before heading back to Beijing to make phone calls and delegate work; typically ineffective behavior and a waste of manpower
10 7 1	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland
3	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland! It was not spontaneous; it was an organized, orderly, and large-scale mass earthquake relief effort under the leadership of party organizations and governments at all levels. In the immense ranks of the earthquake relief effort, Communist Party cadres and government officials of all levels assumed the directing and organizing positions, and our people's army charged in the forefront. The emergency relief and rescue brigades sent from all parts of the country, the medical corps, the anti-epidemic corps, the goods transportation contingent and also the volunteers followed closely behind, heading for the disaster zone. Airplanes roared; vehicle wheels rumbled; and there were also the formidable ranks on foot, charging full steam ahead like the roll of an ocean wave, as the heroic and stirring act unfolded on the Chinese mainland! The earthquake was a lesson, a mirror, and a great practical test of truth
10 1 3 7	I suspect no nation holding the Olympics had an experience like ours during the Olympic year. Since the massive earthquake occurred in Wenchuan in Sichuan, whenever we've gazed at the disaster scenes brought to us on the television screen, we couldn't accept and didn't dare to face the huge damage done to our nation by these sudden disasters. The Chinese people's dauntless national spirit was once again unfolded, behind the figure of the premier in particular, this 66-year-old premier who was just the same as an ordinary old Chinese person, rushing about the disaster zones
10 7	Although Wen Jiabao then requested that access to disaster-hit areas be made available by midnight the 13th, it was until 21.30 hours on the 15th that relevant rescuers connected the road from Li County to Wenchuan for the first time, which was already 79 hours after the earthquake. It should be noted that at the time, rescuers were still unable to access 34 of the 58 townships affected by the disaster
10 1 3 7	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier
10 1 3 7	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier. The bodies of the students killed in the earthquake came to rest in the school playgrounds, the unremitting wretched cries of many family members confirming the deceased or paying respects harrowing the hearts of the hearers
10 3	Following the great earthquake, all over Tangshan squares, school playgrounds and pedestrian walks on both sides of streets lay piles of dead bodies and wounded refugees. In disaster-hit areas, streams of people who carried wounded people for medical care and medications can be seen everywhere
10	At this difficult moment, the CPC Central Committee and the State Council decided right away to transfer them immediately to other provinces and cities for treatment. They were carried onto automobiles and aircraft and transported to major hospitals for first aid in provinces and cities such as Jilin, Liaoning, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Henan, Hubei, Anhui, Jiangsu, Beijing and Tianjin. On the very day of July 28, smokes filled the air and motors roared on roads leading to Tangshan, while 100,000 rescue troops of the People's Liberation Army's ground, naval, and air forces rushed to Tangshan from all directions
7 1	In recent years, as some major earthquakes have occurred all of a sudden in areas not previously expected (e.g. the Armenia Earthquake in the former Soviet Union, the Osaka-Kobe Earthquake in Japan and the Los Angeles Earthquake in the United States etc.), while they have failed to happen as expected in some earthquake-prone areas (East Sea of Japan, and Parkfield in the United States), for which there are specific predictive opinions, scientists have been prompted to review if the existing earthquake forecasting system is effective. Britain's Royal Astronomical Society and Geophysical Association held a workshop on "Assessment of Schemes for Earthquake Prediction" in London, the United Kingdom, in November 1996
10 7 3	The Wenchuan Earthquake wrought massive destruction on those in its path. According to incomplete statistics, as of 7pm on the 13th, 12,012 victims had died in the Sichuan quake zone, 9,404 people were buried in the rubble, 7,841 were missing, with 26,206 being treated in hospital
10	In June 1976, 83 year-old Mao Zedong had already been revived once after suffering a myocardial infarction. To get effective care for his condition, the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CCP established a special treatment team, in charge of his medical treatment and care. The Political Bureau also specifically assigned people to the task of Mao Zedong's medical care, taking turns with the doctors and nurses to be on constant vigil at his living quarters. On the day of the Tangshan Earthquake, i.e. July 28th, those on duty at Mao Zedong's quarters were Wang Dongxing, Wang Hongwen, and Mao Zedong's confidential secretary, Zhang Yufeng. In the early hours of the morning, with the clock hands pointing to 3:42, the ground of Zhongnanhai suddenly started to shudder. In Mao Zedong's residence, the glass window in the foyer door rattled uncontrollably, and there was a huge bang from below like a tractor starting up, with Mao Zedong's sickbed shaking non-stop....... While Mao Zedong was convalescing, the employees and medical staff around him were all in a state of high tension, maintaining extremely silent surroundings and atmosphere. In normal times, apart from the talking and noise of medical instruments when the doctors revived him, not a whisper could be heard
7	The Political Bureau also specifically assigned people to the task of Mao Zedong's medical care, taking turns with the doctors and nurses to be on constant vigil at his living quarters. On the day of the Tangshan Earthquake, i.e. July 28th, those on duty at Mao Zedong's quarters were Wang Dongxing, Wang Hongwen, and Mao Zedong's confidential secretary, Zhang Yufeng. In the early hours of the morning, with the clock hands pointing to 3:42, the ground of Zhongnanhai suddenly started to shudder
10 8	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine
10 7 3	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine. The earthquake disaster neatly coincided with the Olympic torch relay within China
10 1	Terminating the torch relay, I believe, will be able to win compassion, understanding and support of the international community, as well as understanding, endorsement and support of the whole nation. Terminating the torch relay will only present an image to the international community that the Chinese people face up to realities, seek truth and pragmatism, fear no difficulties, share one purpose, and unite to fight against the disaster. On the contrary, if we simply continue the relay, the international community will only turn a cold shoulder to and look down upon China
10 7 3	Now with the earthquake in Wenchuan, people all over the country are burning with anxiety over the disaster rescue efforts. But a small number of flunkies of the foreigners went wild and intentionally made hateful insinuations towards and mocked the image of the PLA to stir up tensions between the military and the government and between the military and the people. How can this be tolerated?
1	Now with the earthquake in Wenchuan, people all over the country are burning with anxiety over the disaster rescue efforts. But a small number of flunkies of the foreigners went wild and intentionally made hateful insinuations towards and mocked the image of the PLA to stir up tensions between the military and the government and between the military and the people. How can this be tolerated?! Some flunkies of the foreigners say: "When Israel created helicopter airdrop operations, did they have a landmark? When in a war, will the enemy let you wait for a beautiful and cloudless day to airdrop your troops?" "Helicopters, why haven't you taken off yet? As of now, over forty hours have passed, and according to CCTV reports, only a few helicopter sorties were made, and some have returned because of the rain. ffdds thinks that Premier Wen's remark was absolutely right: "I don't care what you do, I just want these 100,000 people out of harm's way. That's an order!" Isn't it just raining? An American helicopter could save Chinese students who fell down the mountain in a car crash in the mountainous area, and they could save a Japanese fishing boat in a thunderstorm. Why can't our helicopters reach the epicenter? What do these flunkies of the foreigners mean by saying these words? Does it mean the PLA's flying skill is not as good as Israel's, or that the PLA didn't do their best to carry out disaster rescue? Do these flunkies of the foreigners know the maximum limits for which helicopters can fly and land? Do these flunkies of the foreigners know the maximum limits for which paratroopers can be airdropped? Don't these flunkies of the foreigners know that whenever the country has difficulties, they can always see the PLA =unit sacrificing their lives every time
10 1	Ever since the earthquake disaster, the TV stations have been broadcasting the quake zone situation 24/7, and apart from being moved by the Liberation Army, more than that I feel regret that the people in the disaster zone have not been properly mobilized. There are many youths in the disaster zone idling by the wayside, or watching on as the Liberation Army carry out rescues, or just sitting on the ground with nothing to do. Is that because these guys are not concerned? No, the point is that no Party organization has rounded them up efficiently and formed them into a rescue force. Right now, with only regular army troops going into the disaster zone, a lot of large equipment is stuck on the roads, progress is painfully slow. With these kinds of geological conditions, why not fully organize the people, breaking them up into small groups to disperse throughout the disaster zone? If the main routes are blocked, take smaller roads. If the smaller roads are blocked off, take the mountain roads. The local population ought to best understand the lie of the land. It shouldn't be much of an issue to organize a few more people together, find guides and get into the disaster zone. When the Liberation Army can't enter the disaster area en masse, the most effective approach would be the onsite organization of the population for quake relief, or mobilizing the inhabitants of surrounding settlements not badly affected by the disaster, marshalling them together in the quickest possible time and making haste for the rescue effort front line
10 7 3	Normally it's possible, but in this particular earthquake it isn't possible. Because Wenchuan County is in a valley, you must descend in order to be able to conduct a rescue. In addition, for Wenchuan, this sort of place lying on the edge of the plateau, ordinary helicopters cannot necessarily fly up there. A helicopter used specifically for plateaus may be required
7 1	On Wednesday morning, the Juventus club quietly arrived in Hong Kong to kick off their China tour. Hong Kong is the first stop on Juventus' Asia-Pacific tour. They then will head to Shanghai, before finally flying out to Oceania to take on Australia's Melbourne Victory
10 7 3	Amid the serious situation of the strong earthquake in Sichuan, Taiwan companies have been making donations. Donated funds are nearly NT $3 billion from groups including Formosa Plastics, Foxcom, Far Eastern, and Yulon. By contrast, ten richest people in China donated only about NT $140 million in total, which brings the cross-strait gap to nearly 20 times
10 1 7	I am in Taipei, and other than donating a small amount of money to Tzu Chi to support my fellow countrymen, I really couldn't do a whole lot. I could only say: Go fellow countrymen in Sichuan!! Go Chinese people on both sides of the Strait!! Let me share something I've learned with my friends and countrymen in the mainland, especially those in Sichuan
1	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out
7 1	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out. Along with local media, Japan's major national media organizations rushed to the disaster zone at the first opportunity, immediately throwing themselves into a drawn-out exercise of disaster relief reporting
7	Here I'm simply writing down a few thoughts of mine. In the fallout of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, the PLA entered disaster-hit areas for rescue as soon as they could. Due to the urgency in time and unprecedented transparency in news reports, I've been able to see some of the things more clearly than before
7	China's central government recently gave the order for wealthier provinces and cities to immediately provide financial and technical assistance to those areas hit by the earthquake disaster. This order enables cities such as Beijing and Shanghai to collaborate with the less developed regions of Sichuan Province. It signifies that China has realized the difficulties inherent in the task of rebuilding each settlement from scratch, and finding accommodation for around five million people
7 3	Since ancient times, the Sichuan basin has "had one third of the land" in China. Regional advantages of Sichuan have a linkage to the surrounding provinces. Setbacks to the Sichuan economy and damages to Sichuan's road transportation will impact the GDP of surrounding regions
1	According to estimates of AIR Worldwide, a well-known disaster assessment company globally, losses as a direct result of the great earthquake may have exceeded USD $20 billion. However, there's news from the city of Deyang in the earthquake area that losses estimated by the government is as much as RMB 200 billion here in China's powerhouse of heavy equipment alone
7 1	The speed and the scope of influence of transmission over the Internet are enormous. After the rumor "Ma Yun only contributed one yuan to the earthquake relief" appeared on the web, I really worried that too many people had believed this rumor. Supposing that was the case, it would not only harm the reputation of Ma Yun and Alibaba, it would moreover tarnish and sully the sincere compassion towards the people of the disaster zone of those enterprises and entrepreneurs steeped in a sense of social responsibility . The leader of the American civil-rights movement, Martin Luther King, once gave this sort of analogy about rumors: "Rumors are like snowballs; the longer they roll, the larger they become." In the case of these "rumor snowballs" like that about Ma Yun's donations, if we don't put a stop to them, they will certainly roll ever larger. Although it is said that "the wise will not listen to rumors," not everyone has the ability to discriminate. What can really end rumors is not some "wise person," but "openness." Let us take a look here at the real action of Ma Yun and his Alibaba company when confronted by the earthquake disaster
10 1	In the wake of the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, companies have followed up the actual situation with substantial donations, while conducting rational integrated event marketing. Tencent has demonstrated =great strength in this event, as not only has the company donated RMB 10 million, but Tencent users have donated over 10 million in disaster-relief funds
10	Secondly, Tencent brought the time and user dimensions together. This so-called time refers to how at the start of the incident, after Tencent had promptly reported it, it launched a special contingency plan. The company immediately made a decision to donate a million. People were satisfied with the promptitude of their action. Afterwards, Tencent also increased its donation to RMB 10 million in view of the development of the situation, becoming one of the Internet enterprises making the largest donations to the earthquake disaster area. At the same time as this, each of Tencent's main platforms began to call on web users to make donations, and the integration at the same time of Tenpay and Tencent's welfare platform took place as a result of this. Users could not only support the disaster zone by making donations; they could also get published on Tencent's platform by writing articles to express their own friendly wishes for the people of the disaster zone. We need to integrate our marketing focus, seize opportunities in current events, and conduct our marketing as appropriate. We need to lay stress on integrating and meeting the different needs that consumers have of our products. Once again, Tencent has integrated all kinds of link-up methods. This so-called "link-up" refers to how, at the same time that Tencent was calling for disaster relief, it was using all kinds of media to organize and publicize good people and good deeds to encourage more enterprises and individuals to do their utmost for the people of the disaster zone
10 1 3 7	China experienced a great earthquake rarely seen in history, which aroused the concern of the Chinese nation including people of Chinese origins across the globe. Several hours after the earthquake, the respected premier, an old man 66 years of age who was a thousand miles away, risked his life to appear at the front line in Sichuan's worst-hit disaster area. Several dozen thousand PLA and Armed Police troops marched a thousand miles and appeared as soon as they could on the scene of disaster-hit areas
7 3	In Sichuan province alone, more than four million buildings collapsed and were damaged in the earthquake. Since May 12, the millions of people who successively evacuated from the disaster areas in Sichuan were relocated to Chengdu, Deyang, Miaoyang, and their surrounding cities. Most of them live in temporary tents or makeshift shelters
7 1	These frequently occurring foreshocks may disturb those animals that are sensitive to vibration. In particular, it should be noted that the earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale that occurred in Haicheng, Liaoning, on February 4, 1975, is the only successful prediction in the world to date that is undisputed, scientifically meaningful, and of benefit to the public. This successful forecast was precisely based on monitoring of frequently occurring foreshocks, rather than on reports of unusual behavior among animals, which were later widely spread
10 1 3 7	When the earth is still unrest in the aftermath of the Great Wenchuan Earthquake that rocked China and shocked the world, the premier of the Chinese government has personally travelled to disaster-hit areas to organize disaster-rescue efforts, winning applause from Chinese worldwide and life-respecting international friends alike. With the joint effort of people around the world, countless lives have been promptly saved and homeless victims have been initially placed
1 3	Collapsing in the great Wenchuan earthquake were not only buildings, but also a culture of agricultural civilization. Agricultural civilization, characterized by an independent individual economy and a centralized polity of dependent groups, is an early stage in human civilization
10 1 7	Do you know? The 82nd Airborne Division, the first paratroop division in the U.S., the spearhead of the Normandy landings, the backbone of the U.S.'s paratrooper forces in WWII, the Vietnam war, the Afghanistan war and the Iraq war, the king of airborne divisions, with equipment so high-tech it can sneer at the rest of the world -- how many days was it after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans till they went in to do rescue work? A full three days
7 1	(Can't keep on with this blind indulgence, going through the motions, "just this once" mentality), while simultaneously learning the Sichuan lesson; carrying out a general survey of schools, hospitals, and other public facilities in towns, counties, provinces throughout the entire country, particularly in the zones with a high frequency of earthquakes, and setting a time limit for the overhaul of structures not conforming with earthquake safety targets. These tasks shouldn't be too hard to do
10 1 3 7	The strongest earthquake in a generation occurred in Sichuan, China yesterday, resulting in tens of thousands of people being killed, missing, or buried underneath the debris of collapsed housing estates. Emergency rescue efforts were launched across the country as a result. A magnitude 7.9 strong earthquake hit Sichuan, China, causing schools, houses, and factories to collapse. The military and rescue teams in all areas scrambled to advance to the disaster areas by air, land, or sea
10 1 3 7	Reports said the group of 90 helicopters will join 20 helicopters currently air dropping food and supplies to remote areas. A magnitude 7.9 earthquake hit Sichuan on the 12th. Over 40,000 people are currently known to have died or be missing. Wen Jiabao said at a rescue meeting last night, "We must do everything and spare no cost to rescue people.
7	After the strong earthquake occurred in Sichuan, China's Red Cross Society joined with China Mobile, China Unicom and others to open up mobile phone text-message fund-raising channels. Since the platform officially opened at 9 p.m. on the 13th until 1 p.m. of the 16th, more than 3,000 people have made contributions with the total amount reaching 70 million Yuan. "From the continual text messages that came in, we can see the united spirit of ordinary people in China, and the strength of concerted efforts.
3	On the 17th, the report entered Jiuzhaigou County of Sichuan Province from the disaster area of Longnan City Wen County in Gansu Province. The person in charge of the local tourism board explained that with the safe evacuation of 15 tourists from the United States, India, and Israel in the morning of the 17th, thousands of tourists who were stranded there since the Wenchuan earthquake on the 12th all left Jiuzhaigou County safely
7 1	Over 100 people including China's State Office for Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language (SOCTFL) Director Xu Lin, President of the University of Arizona Shelton, faculties and students of the university, as well as representatives of local overseas Chinese attended the ceremony. Before the ceremony began, the participants paid silent tribute in a body for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake in China. Xu Lin briefed the participants on the planning and work of the SOCTFL in the next five years. She added that it will promote Chinese language and culture around the world to deepen mutual understanding with people of different countries and better promote exchanges between different cultures
10 1 3 7	China's Wenchuan earthquake that occurred on May 12 pulled the heart strings of the Pakistani government and the people. The government of Pakistan made several donations of money and material to help the affected areas in China. The hearts of the Pakistani children are also linked to the children in the earthquake-stricken areas of China
3	Afterwards, he returned to South Korea in the afternoon of the same day on a private plane, ending his four-day state visit to China. Accompanied by Foreign Minster Yang Jiechi, Lee Myung-bak went to the hardest-hit area, the city of Dujiangyan, by car. He inspected the city's Dujiangyan Branch of the Bank of China and Puyang Road Public Fitness Activity Center, which were damaged and had collapsed during the earthquake, and visited Dujiangyan's Sweet Home Earthquake Victim Relocation Site. At the relocation site, Lee Myung-bak expressed his deep sympathy and condolences to the earthquake victims, and visited primary and secondary school students studying at the Sweet Home Earthquake Relief School; elementary school students put a bright red scarf on Lee Myung-bak
1	Inside the tent school set up in the Jiuzhou Stadium of Jinyang City, Li Hongmei from Yuli ethnic Qiang village of Beichuan County was the most eye-catching one. Among a group of jabbering elementary school students, she was dressed in a pink gown with lace in the style of the ethnic Qiang, just like a formally dressed girl from ancient times
10 7 3	Furniture fell in the homes of some residents, but road traffic was normal. However, the most recent report stated that two primary schools in Liangping County, Chongqing collapsed. Over 100 students were injured, four students had died, and some students were buried. After the earthquake, the reporter immediately got in touch with the news center at the Three Gorges Reservoir Area and the Three Gorges Dam
10 7 3	Aftershocks continued through the rainy night of the 13th. When the reporter arrived at the county town of Beichuan in the morning of the 14th, collapses in some places had become more serious. But the reporter was pleasantly surprised to find that rescue workers were still working at the place where the little girl was seen the previous day. That means the little girl was still alive
10 1	This afternoon, Princess Sirindhorn delivered her letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao to Zhang Guoqing, Charge D'affaires of the Chinese embassy in Thailand, at Chitlada Palace. In her letter, she said that she was surprised to learn that an especially devastating earthquake had hit the Wenchuan region of Sichuan, China and caused heavy losses to life and property, and she extended her sincere sympathy and solicitude to the people of the disaster-hit region, and wished the Chinese people an early success in their disaster relief work. Princess Sirindhorn handed her donation of RMB 100,000.00 to Charge D'affares Zhang Guoqing for him to forward to China to support the disaster region
10 1 3 7	After leaders of several countries and international organizations expressed their sympathy and solicitude to China for the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, some countries have announced in recent days they would provide aid for disaster relief in the Wenchuan disaster area. The reporter learned from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the aid includes US$50 million in cash and US$10 million in supplies that Saudi King Abdullah has decided Saudi Arabia will donate to China to assist it in disaster relief
7	Since rich and powerful people and property developers in China have not been active in disaster relief, they were accused and criticized by China's public opinion, and their images have dropped to the bottom. As of the day before yesterday, the top ten richest people in China have only given a total of RMB 32.5 million Yuan (about 143 million NT Dollars) for earthquake relief. Of these, Vanke Real Estate which had sales income of more than 52.3 billion Yuan last year contributed RMB 2.2 million Yuan. SOHO China, which is under China's real estate tycoon, Pan Shiyi, who is currently visiting in Taiwan, gave RMB 2 million Yuan. Reports mentioned that many Internet users lashed out that these real estate developers who have made huge profits were "rich but cruel", "cold-blooded", and "profiteers". Some thoughtful Internet users even posted lists of the richest people and real estate developers in mainland online with their contributions, to have mainland people monitor these rich people together, and let these rich people do their responsibilities for society. Mainland Internet users said that the real estate developers' performance was disappointing in the earthquake disaster relief. They questioned, "The earthquake happened, houses collapsed, where did all the real estate developers go?
10	An Meijian, expert at the Institute of Geology and Geophysics, Chinese Academy of Geological Sciences, added that the magnitude of the Wenchuan earthquake was a little higher than the Tangshan earthquake. The energy differential was threefold. The greater the seismic waves and energy, the farther the earthquake spreads, causing damage at a further distance. In addition, the location of the Wenchuan earthquake was also very unusual
1	Sichuan Deyang City, Ying Hua Town, Ying Feng Chemical Plant dormitory. Tan Jianhua sits anxiously beside the messy dormitory debris. Her husband Chen Fujun is buried in the ruins. It is now over 103 hours since from the time the Wen Cchuan earthquake took placehappened
7	When the Wenchuan earthquake occurred at 2:28 p.m. on May 12, the first reaction of Ran Haiyan, who was working in Nanchuan District of Chongqing, was to call her friend, Wei Dong, who was working in a faraway aluminum factory in Wenchuang. Wei Dong is a good friend of Ran Haiyan and her husband's when they were in college
7 3	The high resolution aerial photos and videos taken by a small unmanned plane in the major disaster county of Beichuan showed that there were approximately over 11,000 square meters of construction area in southern part of Beichuan County, visualization of collapsed area accounted for approximately 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. After the magnitude 8 strong earthquake hit Sichuan Wen Chuan, the technology setup work team of the National Disaster Reduction Center under the Ministry of Civil Affairs rushed to the disaster areas of Sichuan earthquake to conduct disaster damage assessment
10 1 3 7	Preliminary analyses were as follows: (1) The construction area in southern part of Beichuan County shown in the aerial photos was approximately over 11,000 square meters, visualization of collapsed area accounted for about 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. (2) The landslide brought about by the earthquake had caused serious damages to the old county town in the southwest of Qushan Town in Beichuan County and had blocked the traffic of provincial-level road S302
10 1	The Sichuan earthquake had claimed the lives of tens of thousands of compatriots. It also unavoidably left survivors with psychological trauma. Normal people can hardly imagine the trembling when the mountains collapsed and the earth cracked, as well as the agony while waiting for rescue
10 1	Vice minister of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Jiang Li, claimed in a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office this afternoon that they have handled the bodies carefully, strictly compliant with the operation rules, respected the dignity of the victims, and done well to appease victims' families. Jiang Li said that the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Public Security, and Ministry of Health have all dispatched teams of experts. They are already instructing the handling of bodies in the disaster areas. In addition, the Central Ministry of Finance is distributing 5,000 Yuan for the families of each victim for solatium. The Ministry of Civil Affairs has urgently allocated 48 body transportations, cremation, and processing equipment. The Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Health, and Ministry of Public Security are consulting together, dividing responsibilities in handling the remains. It is necessary to handle victims who are not identifiable. The approach is to let public security and health departments to number, record, and photograph the remains in accordance with the situation in the disaster area, extract materials for DNA testing; these will be in unified storage and testing of public security departments to build a DNA database to indentify the "5.12" earthquake victims
10 1 3 7	As the first visiting head of state in China after the earthquake, Medvedev, at the beginning of his speech, expressed condolences on the great loss suffered by China and promised to try his best to "provide necessary assistance" to China. Prior to this, Russia was already the earliest to deliver batches of material to the disaster areas in Sichuan. The Russian rescue team also rushed to the disaster sites to participate in rescue efforts. On Medvedev's curriculum vitae, he taught in St. Petersburg State University for nine years, giving him a special sentiment for colleges and universities. "Above-average institutions of higher learning train a new generation of scholars and thinkers who will eventually become public figures. Eventually, they will also take up responsibilities of creating new achievements in scientific, economic, political, and cultural areas
7 1	In 1975, Chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the Haicheng earthquake accurately. Those in power at that time used this as teaching materials to show that socialism is superior to capitalism
7 1	After reform and opening up, China has been geared to international standards for thirty years; but after all, seismology is not a popular subject. Although most scholars have accepted that earthquakes are not predictable, on the public level, there are still a lot of people who believe that there must be some forewarnings for earthquakes. Therefore, after the occurrence of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, incidents such as migration of toads were heated discussions online. If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately
7 1	If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately. A good nation must learn from disasters before it says how difficult it is to be prosperous. If we did not have sufficient financial resources to build buildings with anti-seismic standards after the great Tangshan earthquake, with unprecedented national strength today, we have every reason to learn from advanced countries and shift the focus of response to earthquakes to measures of disaster reduction
7	especially when he met with Chinese President Hu Jintao, he found that both are willing to have great goodwill, to foster mutual trust, to put aside disputes, and resolve whatever they can as soon as possible. Things had reached a stalemate in the past eight years, especially the care and love that Taiwan people expressed after the Sichuan earthquake had greatly moved the people in the mainland. Wu Po-hsiung stated that in the past eight years, the "Kuomintang-Communist platform" has played the role of lubricating and stabilizing the cross-strait relationship. It will continue to play the [lubrication and stabilization function]. Future cross-strait issues will be discussed by the two associations after the approval of the "governments"
10 1 3 7	When the news of a strong earthquake that occurred in Wenchuan County arrived on May 12, residents in downtown of Chengdu, who were 92 kilometers from the epicenter, were sleepless through the night. "When one place is in difficulty, support comes from all over". On the evening of May 13, residents of Chengdu Central Garden community crowded in front of the television, watching the reports of the disaster relief situation tensely
3	On the 15th, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the Ministry of Finance started an emergency procurement procedure, to procure from vendors a number of tents, cotton-quilted coats and blankets, lights, outdoor toilets, and other relief supplies urgently needed in the disaster areas, and delivered to the disaster areas as fast as possible. The National Development and Reform Commission requested to investigate price hikes in the disaster areas. Various price control authorities will conduct comprehensive inspection on food and transportation prices in the disaster areas. They will investigate and deal with violations and irregularities in prices of boxed lunches, instant noodles, biscuits, mineral water, and other convenient foods. The Ministry of Water will put its efforts to implement five major tasks in earthquake relief efforts. The first thing is to ensure flood safety for destroyed reservoirs, hydropower stations, barrier lakes, dikes, silt dams, and culverts, and the most important of the current earthquake relief work is to prevent occurrence of secondary disasters. The second is to increase working teams to investigate the damage of the water supply in rural areas and some cities rapidly, organize efforts to pay close attention to repair damaged water supply facilities, and help the earthquake-stricken areas to restore water supply as soon as possible. The third is to strengthen hydrological forecasting and to do a good job in flood control scheduling. The fourth is to organize and develop emergency repair of damaged water conservancy projects and post-disaster reconstruction planning. The fifth is to ensure that communications with the disaster areas are kept open
10 7 1	"We have not given up, so how can you consider giving up?" These are the words that a netizen wrote to a survivor still buried under the rubble. Many netizens wait in hope that the tenacity of life can defeat cold ruins and grim hunger and thirst, so that the those surviving may persevere until they emerge from danger, and allow the radiance of life to bloom once again. Love and faith have enabled numerous lives to persist, among whom many have moved us with their strong will and courage: many netizens were deeply touched by the photo featuring a boy, after being salvaged from the ruins, saluting the PLA soldiers. "Uncle, please bring me a bottle of cola, a frozen one." This first request by another boy after being rescued made us smile amidst our tears...... . During an interview with reporters, Huang Jianfa, Director of the China Earthquake Administration's Bureau of Emergency Response and Relief, said that, according to international conventions, there is always hope of finding survivors within the first 7 days, but the probability of finding survivors within the first 3 days is higher
7 1	Before the earthquake occurred, Dong Bo was carrying his newborn son who was born that morning at 9:00 from the incubator to his wife's room, which was on the fifth floor. As soon as he sat down to chat with his parents on the corridor, the building started to sway, and he ran back to pick up the baby in his wife's room immediately. In less than five seconds, the building was swaying and shaking. Dong Bo, who couldn't even stand, could only hold the baby tightly on his chest and squat against the wall. At the time, his head was hit by a brick and he started to bleed. Dong Bo's first feeling was I "can only wait for death to come" now. But when his blood dripped on the baby's face, he started to cry. The baby's crying reignited Dong Bo's desire to survive. After four or five minutes of swaying, a side of the building already collapsed, and the building where he stayed was also shaky. Dong Bo struggled to stand up. Dong Bo came to his wife's ward and saw about six or seven panicky women. As the only man there, he started to calm down. He remembered the self-help methods he learned while he served in the military, and started to direct people there to tear the sheets from the bed into strips and connected them into ropes. And he tore his clothes, put the baby in his arms, climbed down to the first floor along the pipeline, and handed the baby to a passer-by. With the back bared and covered by blood, he didn't have time to bandage up, and climbed back to the fifth floor by the pipes again
10	The Olympic torch relay at home was suspended for three days from May 19 to 21 to express condolences to the comrades who died in the Sichuan earthquake. The Olympic torch set out on its journey again today and began to continue its relay in Ningbo and Jiaxing, Zhejiang
10	At 7 a.m., the Olympic torch set out from Beilun Port in Ningbo. All attendees observed a minute of silence for the victims of the Wen Chuan earthquake. At Beilun Port Terminal 4, many people silently prayed for the earthquake-stricken areas. Afterwards, Zhu Shijie, the first torchbearer, read out the "Disaster Relief Proposal" on behalf of all the torchbearers of the Ningbo leg
7 1	A large area of tunnel 109 of Baocheng Line collapsed in the Wen Chuan earthquake, causing trains to derail and tankers to catch fire. The transport of Baocheng Line was thus interrupted. After the disaster, the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee and the State Council had paid great attention. General Secretary Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao gave important instructions
1	At 11:00 tonight, 36-year-old driver, Wang Sheng, with 15 years of driving experience, honked a long horn and drove a large container truck out the door of Huzhou Yinge Outdoor Travel Goods Co., Ltd. His destination is Guangyuan City, an earthquake-stricken area in Sichuan Province, which is 2000 kilometers away. Watching the departing vehicle, Chairman of "Yinge", Tang Ye, said with tears in his eyes, "A tent is a home, ah, the suffering compatriots are more anxious than I am!
1	At a news conference held by the Information Office of the State Council on the twenty-fifth, Vice Minister of Water Resources E Jingping said that the quake lakes are basically under control overall; the reservoirs and hydropower stations damaged in the earthquake have not experienced dam breaks, risk levels are continually declining, and drinking water difficulties are gradually being relieved. E Jingping said that the Ministry of Water Resources Command Center for Earthquake Relief convened a total of 12 plenary meetings and 15 emergency consultation meetings, and issued 47 emergency notices, thus strengthening leadership and guidance of earthquake relief work concerning water resources
10 7 3	"Although the Sichuan earthquake is a disaster, the performances of the Chinese government and the people in the earthquake disaster relief are changing the image of China in the world, letting the outside world see the real China. This is a blessing in an unfortunate event." Mr. Pierre Picard made this comment to a reporter of this newspaper when talking about the Sichuan earthquake
10 1 3	Beijing correspondent of the Italian "Business News", Mr. [Heath], is a reporter who familiarizes himself with realities, writes diligently, holds fast to objectivity, and is good at thinking. Since the great Wenchuan earthquake occurred in China, Mr. [Heath] has sent numerous reports and comments on the disaster and situations of disaster relief. The following is a summary of a commentary article he recently published. In the face of such a super serious earthquake disaster, China took emergency action within a few hours, and the entire nation was united and mobilized into a race against death in just a few days
3	At 2:27:59 early this morning, a 5.3 Richter scale earthquake happened near Tamali Township, 12 kilometers southwest of the seismic station in Taitung City. Since the seismic depth was only 10 kilometers, the largest-magnitude earthquake was 5 in Tamali District and 4 in Taitung City. Many people woke up with a start. Parents held their children to hide beside the bed. A lot of people even rushed out of the door. Mrs. Chen who lives in Dawang Village in Tamali Township said that she watched television news that broadcast the news about Sichuan earthquake last night. It was shocking. She thought about what the situation would be if it happened in Taitung. She fell asleep while she was thinking about it. She did not expect that the earth actually trembled in the middle of the night. She immediately thought that she was dreaming. After she collected herself, she quickly ran out to the street with her family
10 1 3 7	At 2:27:59 early this morning, a 5.3 Richter scale earthquake happened near Tamali Township, 12 kilometers southwest of the seismic station in Taitung City. Since the seismic depth was only 10 kilometers, the largest-magnitude earthquake was 5 in Tamali District and 4 in Taitung City. Many people woke up with a start. Parents held their children to hide beside the bed. A lot of people even rushed out of the door. Mrs. Chen who lives in Dawang Village in Tamali Township said that she watched television news that broadcast the news about Sichuan earthquake last night. It was shocking. She thought about what the situation would be if it happened in Taitung. She fell asleep while she was thinking about it. She did not expect that the earth actually trembled in the middle of the night. She immediately thought that she was dreaming. After she collected herself, she quickly ran out to the street with her family. In addition, Mrs. Li who lives in Taitung City said that her child who sleeps soundly in normal days was also awaken by the shake. He asked with vague awareness, "Is the house shaking?
10 1 3 7	Respect the deceased and console the living. Yesterday (May 19) was the first day of the national day of mourning. The people of Shanghai voluntarily participated in memorial services to find sustenance for their grief. At 2:28 p.m. yesterday, whistles were blown all over the city with alarms. City leaders Yu Zhengsheng, Han Zheng, Liu Yungeng, Feng Guoqing, Yin Yicui and others stood in a three-minute silent tribute with all people of the city to express their profound condolences for compatriot victims in the Wenchuan earthquake that occurred in Sichuan. All places in Shanghai were immersed in grief yesterday. Banners that said "Deepest Condolences to Victims of the Sichuan Wenchuan Earthquake" were found everywhere
10 1 3 7	Later, Wen Jiabao came to the severely hit Deyang City in a car, and paid a visit to the workers who had rushed to deal with the emergency. At noon on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao called for an interim meeting of the Earthquake Relief Command Headquarters of the State Council in Deyang
10 7	After squad leader of an airborne troop force, Ren Tao, whose home was in the hardest-hit Deyang Bajiao Township in Sichuan, heard that his grandmother had died and his mother-in-law had been seriously injured in the earthquate, he quietly hid his grief in the bottom of his heart, picked up the heaviest, hardest, and most dangerous mission of the disaster relief mission, and became one of the 15 warriors who landed in Mao County by parachutes from 4,999 meters high in the sky. Just like Ren Tao, more than 1,500 officers and soldiers of the airborne troop forces whose homes are in the Sichuan disaster area prepared to be involved in the first line of rescuing the wounded, repairing roads, surveying the disaster situation, and dropping materials; this is while facing the grief of their own collapsed homes, and deceased or seriously injured loved ones
1	Turning around, he got back onto the earthquake relief team again. 80% of the houses in the hometown of a deputy commander of a communications regiment, Wang Guoping, had collapsed, and there was no news at all from family members. Wang Guoping couldn't even pause to ask for information on the situation of loved ones, and focused on leading his forces to carry out his mission to protect communications in Shifang
10	As a disaster is a directive, every second counts for a survivor. Upon receiving the notice, this troop immediately collected the personnel and arranged for equipment and materials. At 4:45 p.m., the rescue squad of 150 members, headed by the leaders of the corps, quickly moved to Nanyuan Airport with 12 search dogs, 2 rescue vehicles, 1 command vehicle and more than 180 instruments and devices for detection, search, and rescue, and joined the leaders of the seismological bureau and other medical teams. At 10:30 pm, they arrived at Taiping Airport in Chengdu. At 12:30 am, the rescue squad drove toward Dujiangyan. Upon arriving at the disaster site, they immediately launched the rescue operation. As of 12:50 a.m on the thirteenth, they had successfully rescued 19 survivors. At 9:10 a.m. on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the State Council, appeared at the disaster site in person and expressed his appreciation to the rescue staff. As a member of the China International Search and Rescue Team, this corps carried out 9 rescue missions in earthquake, tsunami, and avalanche disasters in Algeria, Iran, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Xinjiang and Qinghai provinces
7	At 9:10 a.m. on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the State Council, appeared at the disaster site in person and expressed his appreciation to the rescue staff. As a member of the China International Search and Rescue Team, this corps carried out 9 rescue missions in earthquake, tsunami, and avalanche disasters in Algeria, Iran, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Xinjiang and Qinghai provinces
7 1	A 104-year-old elderly specially entrusted a staff to deliver the contribution;. A cadre who lost his families in the Tangshan earthquake stuffed another 5,000 yuan into the donation box after stuffing 2,000 yuan into it. Some seriously ill patients who had difficulty moving about insisted on coming to the donation sites......Up until 18:00 on the 14th, the central government organs had donated 271 million and the contributions are still continuing
10 1 7	In a fund-raising activity organized by the General Administration of Sport on May 14, Guo Jingjing contributed 100,000 Yuan in cash, and expressed her condolences with other athletes to people in the disaster areas. Guo Jingjing sent her best wishes to the people of disaster areas in Sichuan, "I hope that the victims are on their way to heaven, and hope the injured who have hope of survival will stick it out even if there was any only a slight chance of survival. I wish the affected people will be able to rebuild their homes as soon as possible." Not long ago, Guo Jingjing participated in the Mexico diving series competition and the Canadian Diving Competition. She has maintained her winning record in both single and double competitions. Then she will also participate in the British series competition. Guo Jingjing hopes to use her own performances to do something for the disaster areas
7 3	On the 15th, the Ministry of Health issued a "Work Program for Earthquake Relief and Epidemic Prevention". The program gives guidance to health and epidemic work for earthquake relief work in nine areas, including epidemic monitoring, food hygiene, water sanitation, environmental sanitation, biological vector control, disinfection treatment, prevention and treatment of chemical poisoning, body handling, and psychological crises. The program clearly specifies that in the early state after the earthquake, the focus is to rescue and treat injured people. Then, prevention and control work in public health and infectious disease prevention should be in full swing. In order to promptly detect outbreaks of infectious disease and other public health emergencies in disaster areas and among victims and take control measures quickly, post-disaster emergency disease detection mechanisms should be activated timely, and disease detection teams should be set up in front-line disaster relief headquarters or command centers. In order to ensure no major epidemic breaks out after the disaster, all localities must maintain good water sanitation and environmental sanitation. The program requires that the water sources of the centralized water supply be cleaned out and that a protected water source area for a certain extent be set aside, stop emission of excrement, sewage, and trash in this area, and assign special personnel to safeguard it
1	The reporter learned from the Longnan Municipal Irrigation and Water Conservancy Bureau that dangers including seepage and displacement of dams happened in four reservoirs. Zhou Hong, Deputy Director of the Longnan Municipal Irrigation and Water Conservancy Bureau, said that the four reservoirs including the Huangjiang Reservoir in Xihe County, the Hanpingzui Reservoir and Bikou Reservoir in Wen County, and Gaofeng Reservoir in Cheng County suffered the most serious damages in this earthquake. In order to alleviate the relief pressure and ensure the safety of people's lives and properties, Longnan City carried out emergency flood discharge in these ill-conditioned reservoirs
1	The Wen Chuan earthquake happened on the 12th had caused serious damages to the water project in Longnan City. The reporter learned from the Longnan Municipal Irrigation and Water Conservancy Bureau that dangers including seepage and displacement of dams happened in four reservoirs
1 7	After the Wenchuan earthquake hit Sichuan, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development immediately activated a water supply contingency plan in order to ensure the safe water supply for the cities and towns of the disaster areas. After the earthquake, this Ministry provided portable water purification equipment as soon as feasibly possible, and spared no effort in providing safe drinking water
10 1 3 7	On May 19, General Secretary Hu Jintao gave an important directive on arranging for the livelihood of the Hui ethnic people of Qingchuan County in the Guangyuan Prefecture, Sichuan Province and immediately providing the Muslim food urgently needed by Hui ethnics. In their letter of thanks, the Muslim people told General Secretary Hu that the more than 2,000 Hui ethnic victims, including the residents across the township and the refugees from other places, now have access to not only drinking water and lodging but also the Muslim food specially delivered by the government, and "We, with deep affection, thank the CPC Central Committee, General Secretary Hu, the people's government, family-like PLA for their care and love to the minority ethnic people of the disaster areas.
7 1	Huang He was 15 years old when the Tangshan earthquake happened. Her parents and two younger brothers were all killed. She was hurled out of the house and survived. She was the only person left in the family. Zhang Hong was seven years old. Her parents were killed. She was buried in the ruins for a day and a night and was rescued by the officers and men of the Liberation Army
10 7	Under the nurture of the Party and the army, they became a soldier and a healthcare worker and were repeatedly named outstanding healthcare workers by their units. After the Wen Chuan earthquake, the disaster situation worried them a lot. They strongly requested to go to the frontline of the disaster areas to take part in the rescue effort. Huang He is about to retire. The leadership did not plan on allowing her to participate in the beginning. However, she went to see the hospital leaders on her own initiative and firmly requested to go to the frontline. Under the situation of feeling sick and being hospitalized for treatment, she injected haemostatic and antibiotics and hid the truth from the doctor. When she received the order to set off, she pulled out the tube and rushed to the disaster areas with the clinic
10 7 3	Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed. Therefore, parachuting and airlifting rescue must be carried out on a large scale, and reporters must be placed there as soon as possible, provided that spots of airlifting and parachuting are determined first by way of airborne surveillance
10 7 3	Hiding information is not advisable even if the entire town has been buried alive! Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed
10 1 3 7	Sometime past 4 o'clock, I read the online news saying that Wenchuan, Sichuan had experienced a large earthquake, Chengdu and Chongqing had felt powerful tremors, and a large area of Sichuan shook
10 7	Elementary schools and middle schools in Japan are the havens for surrounding residents during the time of an earthquake. The construction of the buildings does not feature luxury but great sturdiness. In an earthquake like the one in Sichuan, the school buildings probably would not have collapsed. In Japan, a structural mechanics calculation must be made by an architect before construction of any house, including ordinary people's houses, can start, to ensure it won't collapse during an earthquake of a certain magnitude
5	residents have taken shelter in mosques , schools , local government offices and even in cemeteries after their homes were inundated by up to three meters ( 10 feet ) of dirty brown water .
5	major nigel cribb , commanding officer of 59 commando said " the construction of winterised shelters in high altitude villages is a vital task if people who survived the earthquake are now to survive the harsh winter .
9	two c-130 transports left subang yesterday with shipments of fortified biscuits , bound for banda aceh .
6	furthermore , a 150 kilovolt-ampere generator has been installed in the hospital , and with the icrc supplying 100 litres of fuel every day the facility can meet its own energy needs and is able to provide round-the-clock service .
9	in addition to food shortages , health problems are emerging as people in the flood areas are forced to drink muddy flood waters .
2	last sunday , it was the scene of a bombing in a crowded market carried out by two female suicide attackers , one believed to be aged around 15 .
9	iom facilitated water trucking for unicef and logistically supported the distribution of food and non food items for various ngos and un agencies .
5	most of the deaths were caused by the tidal wave which engulfed coastal villages , or by flying debris and falling trees that crushed flimsy bamboo and tin homes -- the best that most people in the country can afford .
9	( a ) due to the persistence of drought and the probable food deficit in the northwest pastoral and southeast pastoral sub-zones caused by abnormal rainfall during karan @/@ karma ( the main rainy season this year ) , the minister of interior launched a joint un agencies and djibouti government mission , following a meeting held on 25 october .
9	the grim news comes not only on the eve of the g8 , but as president obama delivers a keynote speech on food security , alleviating poverty and promoting agricultural development in africa .
5	the process of payment of compensation to the affectees has been expedited in order to enable affectees to start construction of their houses in wake of severe cold weather in the area .
9	colocacia and cocoyam are important staple food and income crops for many people primarily in the southwest and northwest regions of cameroon but also in other parts of the country and in neighbouring nations .
9 5	livestock , crops , rural and urban housing , roads , river and canal embankments , and other infrastructure suffered extensive damage , as vast areas of land were submerged .
6	over the years , echo has funded the establishment of effective health and water @/@ sanitation services in the camps .
9	ytb is now preparing rice , baby foods , mineral water , and instant noodles to send to affected areas by plane .
5	in bantul , which accounted for more than 2,000 of the deaths reported so far and where most buildings were flattened , makeshift plastic tents dotted the roads outside ruined houses as residents combed through the rubble .
6	oxfam 's health-related supplies include portable toilets , drinking water , medicine , intestinal drugs , first aid supplies , face masks , and sanitary supplies for women .
5	khan said some 20 people died when their mud-brick , straw-roofed homes collapsed in the 6.4-magnitude quake , but said they had not had any contact from pakistani authorities or aid groups .
2	a double suicide bombing at a busy marketplace in borno state 's largest city , maiduguri , on 25 november , which killed " dozens " of people , is the latest in a wave of terrorist attacks in the region .
6	students will study electrical installation and small-scale infrastructure @/@ civil engineering ( " juru bangunan sipil " ) in a three-month training program that began on july 16 .
9	also , most of the ensete plants ( the main dietary staple in welayita ) are immature and not ready for consumption .
5	roxas city , capiz , 13 march ( pia6 ) – at least four kinds of japan – based emergency and rehabilitation assistance were received by the municipal government of panay in the aftermath of supertyphoon yolanda in the province .
6	to prevent campfires and , at the same time , ensure that heating is provided , major distribution of stoves and fire extinguishers has taken place .
6	gilgit : continuous rains triggering flashfloods and landslides have damaged 42 hydel power stations across the gilgit-baltistan region , disconnecting power supply to 90 per cent of the area , and damaging road infrastructure .
2	the attack comes just a day after boko haram militants gunned down at least 145 people in three borno villages , shooting muslim worshippers during the holy month of ramadan in the bloodiest day of attacks since new president muhammadu buhari came to power .
2	yaound é , cameroon | afp | sunday 7 @/@ 26 @/@ 2015 @-@ 15 : 32 gmt by reinnier kaze a 12-year-old girl suicide bomber killed 20 people in an attack on a bar in maroua in cameroon , while in a crowded market in neighbouring nigeria a " mentally handicapped " female attacker killed 14 .
6	@-@ the capacity to collect and dispose municipal solid waste was devastated by the disaster , as were most public services .
9	even where crop production prospects remain poor , the food security situation has improved since early april , as crops such as pumpkins and other seasonal crops become available .
9	the world food programme has distributed 141,500 metric tons of rice in 320 townships , through its food-for-work programme , contributing to the rehabilitation of land , irrigation ditches and wells .
9	" in these traditionally food-deficit provinces , the sharp reduction in cereal production in 2000 will be compounded by loss of farmers ' food and seed stocks in household granaries , " the organisation said .
5	monsoon rains in pakistan coupled with glacial melting and flash floods have claimed nine lives and affected over 322,000 people in the provinces of punjab , khyber pakhtunkhwa , gilgit baltistan and baluchistan , causing urban flooding in the major cities of lahore , rawalpindi and islamabad .
6	paris @-@ international rescue teams were rushing to japan sunday after a 8.9-magnitude earthquake and tsunami left more than 1,000 dead , at least 10,000 missing and seriously damaged a nuclear power plant .
5	@-@ most critical challenge at this stage is the logistics of delivering winterised shelter material to inaccessible areas .
2	" a man was detained by soldiers driving a car we believed was full of explosives , but when the soldiers told the driver to open the car , he detonated explosives on his body , " said government security official abdi hashi .
0	people who live in critical areas should be evacuated to a prepared evacuation center and not worried about the safety of their accommodations and properties and leave them to the duties of police officers and volunteers who will take charge in looking after their residence .
5	an estimated 20,000 people are in need of emergency shelter and have already spent three nights in the open with pouring rain .
5	msf is providing emergency medical supplies and emergency shelter to the people most severely affected by the floods .
9	the assistance community will also focus on monitoring dams and watercourses , which will provide useful information on the impact of the drought on crops .
5	pyongyang , august 5 ( kcna ) -- it has been ascertained that torrential rains in july did a great deal of damage to people 's living , railway transport , agriculture and other economic sectors in the democratic people 's republic of korea .
2	that bombing followed a twin attack on a mosque and restaurant in the central city of jos on sunday , which left 44 people dead , and a suicide bomb attack on a church in potiskum that killed five .
9	over 16,000 farmers and herders risk falling into poverty after their crops were washed away , their livestock killed and their pasture land buried under mud and rock .
6	a nuclear reactor at the cattenom plant shut down because of a fault , placing fresh pressure on the already strained national power grid friday , state energy giant edf said .
5	her remarks were made after seeing first-hand encampments in viana where 6,000 displaced angolans , and 6,500 refugees from the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) are living in unventilated tents and mud huts .
5	built by the mata amritanandamayi math , the 340 houses will provide permanent shelter to the people of samanthanpettai , five km from here , where the towering sea waves washed away 140 people dec 26 , 2004 .
6 0 9 5	skillshare international , an ngo that provides vocational training programmes in the camp , is sheltering 400 of the displaced in its classrooms , and unhcr is providing food and trying to establish temporary ablution facilities .
9 5	over 80 per cent of refugees from nigeria have found shelter in host families in niger , most of them poor and chronically hungry themselves .
9	most districts visited this year were also visited by the fact in 2000 , which allowed wheat production comparisons to be made .
6	this will be an important component in alleviating serious public health risks due to the disposal of human excreta .
6	groups have been set up , with staff from various government sectors , to improve sanitation , purify drinking water , and disinfect the houses of cholera victims .
6 9 5	in mozambique and botswana , efforts remain focused on rescue , and priority needs are for shelter ( tents and blankets ) , food ( basic rations of cereals , pulses , and vegetable oil ) water ( water purification tablets , and units , water bladder tanks , and water collection tanks ) , sanitation ( temporary mobile toilets , insecticide sprays ) , and health .
9	if the belg fails , these farmers are also forced to switch from long-cycle to short-cycle crops planted during the later rains .
9	johannesburg , 6 august 2012 ( irin ) @-@ as global grain prices begin to climb , the sahel countries of west africa , those in the horn , and in central and southern africa @-@ many of which depend mainly on imported cereals to feed their people @-@ are most exposed to the impact of more expensive food , said the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) .
6	we have also cleaned the sites around the ten water filtration plants , and are raising awareness of good hygiene practices as part of efforts to prevent the spread of disease .
9	humanitarian agencies in the region are experiencing difficulties distributing relief food as most roads have been rendered impassable .
6 5	temporary toilets will also be provided , as will temporary shelter ( cadjan sheds @-@ cadjan being a roof covering made out of coconut leaf ) .
9	m é decins sans fronti è res @/@ holland continues providing support to mental health institutions in the country ( 1,500 beneficiaries ) in construction ; distribution of relief goods ( food , medicines , bedding material and crutches ) ; training of health staff ; and supervision of the health status of patients .
9	family consumption habits have changed , and in many cases been reduced to two meals per day .
9	many families have been left unable to afford even one proper meal .
6	latrine usage is not common in these areas , but the stagnant flood waters make changing habits all the more urgent .
2	about 30 minutes after the first attack , a suicide bomber blew up an explosives-laden four-by-four at the somair uranium mine and processing facility as employees reported for work at the site , which is majority-owned by france 's areva .
9	three-quarters of the funding is aimed at critically food insecure populations that have suffered from prolonged conflict .
2	for your second question , i have been repeatedly and consistently stating that those people who would commit gross violations of international human rights laws and international [ humanitarian ] laws , who would commit crimes against humanity and war crimes , will be held accountable .
5	despite the interim measures adopted by the delhi high court on 7 january 2010 requesting the immediate restoration of the homeless shelter and the protection of the displaced families , the municipal corporation of delhi has not yet assisted them .
5	shelter : the world health organization reported that of the 58,893 people identified in nine ( of 20 ) localities in the affected areas , 21 % are living in their damaged homes , while 79 % are sheltering in schools , churches , and on the verandas of shops and health posts .
9	at the same time , the yield this year is estimated to drop by some 30-40 percent due to the severe water shortages in the two main producing provinces and to significant aphid attacks ( the latter directly observed by the mission ) .
5	the final blow dislodged a dangerous piece of wood from the roof -- one tiny step toward the recovery and rebuilding of this indonesian village , where almost every house was destroyed or damaged in saturday 's powerful quake .
6	locate and repair damaged pipelines , sewer lines , and water towers to help ensure that clean water is available
9	helicopters food , water , medicines , fuel and firefighting equipment were among the supplies much needed for people affected by the eruption of mount nyiragongo , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said .
9	areas affected by the cyclone still flood twice daily at high tide , which contaminates drinking water and makes farming impossible , leaving families reliant on emergency food and water distribution .
9	the 2002 government-unicef-wfp nutrition survey showed that 42 % of the country 's children below seven years of age are chronically malnourished , 9 % are acutely malnourished and 70,000 are severely malnourished , requiring special hospital care for their survival .
6	mr. mccarthy agreed that the current cholera outbreak in zimbabwe and throughout the region is but a " manifestation " of substandard health , water and hygiene systems , noting that more than half of all childhood deaths in africa are attributable to diarrhoeal disease .
0	tens of thousands of residents of goma , a city in the northeast of the drc , who fled their homes for nearby rwanda on thursday as vast areas of the town were set ablaze by lava flows from an erupting volcano , started returning at dawn friday , an afp correspondent in the town reported .
6	mbackombel ’ s photovoltaic panels are used for much more than providing lighting to its 35 compounds .
6 5	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
6	while president john dramani mahama 's administration has built new roads and facilities around the capital , residents in neighbourhoods hardest-hit by cholera often defecate on nearby beaches and buy from merchants selling food next to overflowing gutters . "
9	in pure desperation , she and the children set out on foot recently , tracking three days across parched terrain and areas of famine and war to come to dust filled dollo ado in search of food and water .
5	this is mainly due to the inclusion in the figures of families living in camps adjacent to their homes with tents pitched in their own lands .
9	despite ample evidence that additional food stocks are needed between the months of july and september , typically the monsoon season , in the event of inadequate rainfall , the pakistan people ’ s party ( ppp ) -led sindh government failed to develop and execute contingency plans for the vulnerable residents .
5	at another sichuan school , the classrooms stood but dorms collapsed on napping children .
5	thousands of families were left homeless after floods that followed a prolonged drought and water rationing in algiers since mid-october .
0	the gono kalayan trust ( gkt ) , which works to improve the incomes of poor farmers and is supported by christian aid , is helping to evacuate people stranded by the rising waters @-@ even though its own offices have been flooded .
9	care : in hot and arid somalia , foraging for wild vegetables and other supplements will be harder , and it is here that the effects of drought will be most keenly felt .
0 5	the area was severely affected by the tsunami and lamno received an enormous influx of internally displaced people ( idp ) coming from the surrounding villages .
6 5	they are bringing supplies ( timber , wcs ) to build latrines , and hiring plumbers , masons , carpenters and electricians to set up basic infrastructure in the camps .
5	once aftershocks subside , cities that still have standing buildings will check them for soundness , and likely let people back in some .
9	nusrat mai , a woman from the village of basti ghota near multan , told afp from a makeshift camp : " the floods have completely destroyed us , boats came to rescue us . . . we don't have food and we don't have anything . "
9	kenyan assistant minister for finance christopher lomada has called on the government to increase relief food supply to west potok district in northwestern kenya as a result of drought famine .
9	and illnesses , malnutrition , and poverty-related infectious diseases .
6	" the turbines ( at hydro-power plants ) cannot generate electricity for dushanbe and other parts of the country , " jones explained .
9	in jilib alone , where more than 50,000 hectares of agricultural land ( of which 18,000 hectares were planted with sesame , cowpea , maize and sweet potatoes ) are under water , an estimated 30,000 metric tonnes of maize have been lost to the floods .
9 5	in addition , the agency is using 78 boats in the limpopo river basin for the search and rescue operation and for ferrying food supplies to the four temporary camps where the rescued are being gathered .
5	he urged the people to start reconstructing , at least one room , with corrugated steel sheets as roofing material , till the massive rebuilding operations gets underway .
0	some 200,000 chechens displaced by russian military air strikes and artillery shelling are seeking safety in nearby ingushetia , daghestan , and north ossetia .
2	" an improvised explosive device went off near a military vehicle , killing two soldiers and wounding three others , " a senior security official told afp .
9	but beyond the immediate medical needs of the stricken population , aid officials agreed that waning supplies of food and clean drinking water would quickly threaten traumatized survivors .
5	the result is that in aceh province many prefabricated shelters are now unhealthy , while a large number of survivors continue to live in them .
5	two nearby residential houses and a secondary school were destroyed by the explosions , the prime minister said .
0	" the community must permanently relocate to higher ground to avoid being flooded every time sea levels rise , " he added .
6	can adequate sanitary facilities be provided to prevent illness among the survivors ?
5	maintenance of infrastructure in the shelter communities will include repairing leaky roofs , constructing kitchen extensions , waterproofing wood structures , and improving access roads .
2 9 5	following the attack on ngouboua village by armed militants from nigeria in february , we have been also providing food to the families who lost their homes in the fire , during the attack .
6	the rehabilitation of the water supply systems was recommended through increasing the number of water taps ; installing taps in emergency and intensive care units ; gynaecology wards and improving and upgrading washing points for patients in hospitals and clinics .
9	( b ) for the month of april 2004 , wfp liberia has planned to distribute food commodities to 756,566 beneficiaries under the various components of its programmes .
9	the emergecy operation that we ’ re launching now will take us through until the next autumn harvest season , and most people will be receiving an average of six months of food , depending on their situation .
9	in sirajganj , unicef is working closely with the world food programme and non-governmental organizations to provide emergency supplies such as high-protein biscuits to communities affected by the emergency .
0	the teams will return to the valleys tomorrow by helicopter to deliver aid , evacuate wounded people and collect news of families that have lost contact with their loved ones .
6	i don't know when the electricity will be back on because all the poles and wires have collapsed . '
0	@-@ terrain lower than 3 metres ( 10 feet ) above sea level may be flooded requiring massive evacuation of residential areas as far inland as 10 km ( 6 miles ) .
9	the resident coordinator expressed gratitude to usaid and dfid for their generous joint pledge of us $ 43 million towards food assistance .
6	gm has established , for example , weather monitoring systems , preemptive evacuation procedures for people and hard-to-replace equipment , backup supplier networks , and regular emergency drills -- as well as plans to invest in future technologies less vulnerable to the vagaries of the oil market .
6 9	there are inadequate food and water supplies , and the threat of cholera grows each day as a result of unsanitary living conditions .
9	in those areas where rainfall performance has been satisfactory , further rainfall at this time in the season could actually adversely affect cereals as the added moisture in maturing grain would increase fungal diseases .
6	the quake destroyed or disrupted much of the water systems in the area surrounding the epicenter , with the whole of the zemmouri village remaining without running water , and most of the area around it continuing to lack reliable electricity supply .
6 5	medium to long term needs will include reconstruction and rehabilitation of housing , water supply schemes and sanitation facilities .
9	* internally displaced nomads are facing serious food and fodder crisis .
6	lack of safe drinking water , poor sanitation and unhygienic practices contribute to high child and women mortality rates .
6	luxembourg will sent power supply , kits medicines , equipment for search and rescue teams , communication equipment , 1 vehicle for sniffing dogs and 1 mini bus
6	through collaborative effort of unicef , irc , icrc , oxfam , water supply system with sanitary latrines and washing structures has been installed in the camps .
5	he said that efforts were under way with several institutions to obtain more tents to provide provisional accommodation in resettlement areas while people build their new homes .
5	state administration has mobilized 1953 tents , 50 shamianas , 8 pandals , in addition 4504 tents have been airlifted and 625 tents are to be sent .
9	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
5	entire settlements of mud-brick houses are reported to have been swept away , major bridges have collapsed , and some major provincial cities have been totally cut off after road and rail links were severed .
5	the next year , the family moved into one of the 35,000 " domiks " @-@ soviet cargo containers or shacks sent to gyumri as temporary shelters .
9 5	immediate needs for the victims are water , food , hygeine kits and temporary shelter .
9	preparation is under way for blanket feeding programmes , including fortified cereals and micro-nutrient powder for children under five years and supplements or fortified blended food to all pregnant and lactating women .
9	in collaboration with national institutes such as the central research institute for dryland agriculture , icrisat-mssrf is helping the farmers restart groundnut cultivation .
5	this includes rehabilitating wells , rebuilding homes , restoring livelihoods , and providing appropriate trauma counseling .
6	rs . 2,63,931 @/@ @-@ was sanctioned towards waiver of current consumption charges of the ice manufacturing plants in nagapattinam district affected by tsunami .
6	the power supply has been affected in 4547 villages , 31 towns , while 1800 electricity feeder and 667 electricity distribution transformers has been disrupted .
9	a three-member helen keller nutrition team will work with surfaid carrying out nutrient supplementation for children and mothers , anemia testing and conducting rapid nutritional assessments .
9	as a result the fao has decided to provide 1,500 households each with 100 kg of potato seeds , the main staple food .
9 5	winter demands that the priorities are reconstruction of homes , health services @-@ particularly treatment of respiratory illnesses @-@ food , clean water and restoration of livelihoods .
0	unhcr has begun voluntary relocation of some of the refugees residing in the area .
9	during 2002 , in addition to the regular sfp , there will be a mother and child nutrition component to cater for the malnourished pregnant and nursing mothers and pre-school children .
6	residents claim the flooding was due to poor drainage systems in the area .
6	a generation later , 80 per cent of its energy needs were met from renewable sources .
6	in collaboration with oxfam , concern is planning to restore clean drinking water and construct some 600 temporary latrines in the affected villages .
9	2.1 populations in southern afghan provinces may face a difficult summer after having lost almost all their rain-fed wheat crops and up to 80 percent of their livestock due to the lack of precipitation .
5	now her family faces the prospect of a winter huddled in a small outhouse kitchen , hoping that her husband sends back money , or aid agencies come to the rescue .
5	because the country is so crowded , others find shelter in unexpected places , like abandoned buildings or even cowsheds .
9	( d ) from 21 to 27 august , wfp food assistance was provided to a further 2,700 refugees who were officially repatriated into angola from neighbouring countries through voluntary repatriation convoys organised by unhcr .
0	earlier reports said nearly 50,000 people were driven from mudflat villages by the flooding as local rivers burst banks while the situation was exacerbated by thunderstorms .
9	soldiers temporarily gave up the grim task of gathering corpses from the streets , while private relief groups halted the distribution of food , blankets , clothing and water to victims of the devastation .
5	" severe tidal surges , caused by a combination of unusually high sea levels and tropical depressions , have resulted in flooding that has left an estimated 25,000 to 30,000 people homeless , " mr mccully said .
6	during a previous cyclone 4 years ago , the area of maroantsetra remained flooded for weeks and since it is a low-lying area the few latrines that exist overflow and contaminate everything else .
6	causes of death ranged from drowning ( up to 12 people ) , suffocation in landslides ( 2 children , 1 adult ) and electrocution by fallen power lines or lightning ( at least 2 people ) .
6	* there are also fears of disease from ruined sewage systems and drinking water sources , but health minister mohammad naseer khan told reuters vaccination teams were fanning out to innoculate people against diseases such as cholera and tetanus .
5	a nato spokesman said an antonov cargo aircraft would leave for islamabad on october 15 with material for building a camp @-@ including sleeping quarters , kitchens , communication material as well as fork lifts and transport material @-@ in muzaffarabad in pakistani-administered kashmir .
5	they are also providing mobile clinic services to smaller evacuation shelters .
5	basic household items : the trco and the federation have provided 5,205 families living in prefabricated houses with items such as blankets , quilts , a water boiler , and a radio .
9	what we need in addition to what we have or have ordered is the following : 3,000 more tarps , 1,500 food kits , 5,000 jerry cans ( to hold water ) , 10 2,000-liter water bladders , 10,000 paraffin lamps , charcoal for cooking .
9	wfp rapidly mobilized landing crafts , along with helicopters and light aircrafts operated by unhas , to bring in essential relief items and personnel as well as food to those remote islands .
9	world vision has swung into action in mumbai , providing cooked food and medical care in a number of flood-affected communities around the city .
6	in the aftermath of this massive earthquake , the situation has worsened seriously regarding gasoline , diesel , heavy oil , and other types of fuel .
6	on 9 september , iom signed a us $ 500,000 agreement with world vision ( wv ) to fund iom activities to improve vital water and sanitation services for transitional settlements in ampara and kalutara districts .
9	in the short-term , care is providing medicine to combat diarrhea , cholera and other diseases ; hygiene messages instructing villagers on what steps to take to prevent waterborne diseases ; and five tons of food and other basic necessities .
9	under the response , each household is receiving a 50 kg bag of maize and two litres of cooking oil with pregnant mothers as well as those nursing children under the age of two receivingan extra 10kg of super cereal soya .
5	some idps have been taken in by host families in safer areas but many others had to set up makeshift camps outside villages or find shelter in the bush in order to flee the violent fighting around the towns .
0	the french-led offensive continues to battle ongoing insurgent attacks in a nation weakened by a deeply divided military and where hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes .
9 5	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
9	“ home-grown school feeding succeeds when there is strong commitment from the community .
5	in the mountain villages , local residents are living in makeshift shelters of branches or salvaged materials from their destroyed homes .
5	more than 20 houses of church members have collapsed , and many people in the area are sleeping outside because of the fear of further collapse .
9 5	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
9	bueng kan 24 march 2014 ( nnt ) — heavy rain in beueng kan province has helped easing the current drought situation in the province , benefiting vegetable growers .
9	overland corridors : wfp has several logistical hubs in turkmenistan for cargo in transit to northern afghanistan where some three million afghans need food .
2	over the past three months , at least 80 civilians have lost their lives in indiscriminate attacks on public transport and crowded public places .
5	families whose houses had been completely destroyed by the floods in january had been living since then in makeshift shelters made out of sticks and thin plastic sheeting , sleeping at night under one of the school porches with just a blanket for protection or in the outhouses of their neighbours which themselves were cramped and leaking .
9	residents of turkana , a region of northern kenya withered by severe drought , recently found respite when an ngo bought off their emaciated livestock and slaughtered them to feed the starving .
5	tarpaulin sheets will also be distributed to cover temporary shelters and make them fully waterproofed .
5	many people are reported to have died in northern nigeria after water spilled from hydroelectric dams flooded @-@ and in some cases swept away @-@ villages this week , news organisations reported .
2	**network of informants** the national authorities have announced a hotline to report cases of suspected jihadists , as part of a network of informants to watch out for any strangers .
6	relief operations shifted gears in cyclone-ravaged cuddalore district and puducherry on sunday as traffic resumed on arterial roads and efforts mounted for restoring electricity and supply of essential items even as the death toll increased to 47 .
9	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
0	relief camps have been set up to house evacuated residents and tourists .
6	" currently every level of government is working on getting electricity restored , after that transport will resume . "
6 5	in addition to the at least 350 dead and uncounted numbers of injured , hundred-year-old trees have been uprooted , powerlines brought down everywhere , billboards collapsed , and houses demolished .
2	along with a peace deal known as the algiers accord , it aims to bring stability to the country , which has seen several tuareg uprisings since the 1960 s and has been a sanctuary for islamist fighters linked to al-qaeda .
5	private volunteer groups said scores of flattened villages had yet to be reached because of boulders and landslides blocking roads rising to elevations of 11,000 feet ( 3,333 metres ) .
5	a large number of villagers alongwith their cattle have taken shelter on the expressway hence advisory for speed limit of 40 km per hour has to be issued to avoid accidents by the state government .
9 5	but he feared that if aid for food , clean water , sanitation , shelter , health care and basic household goods was not provided soon enough , there could be a second wave of deaths due to waterborne diseases .
5	half of bibi 's tent floor was soaked in rain water , making the plunging temperatures nearly unbearable at night , she said .
5	cash and in-kind contributions of tents , quilts and clothing are on their way to the disaster area :
5	" this winter killed my three-year-old child as i couldn't fix the holes in my hut and i wasn't able to buy fuel or wood for a bukhari [ heater ] , " he said .
6	ministry of water and power provision of electrical supplies and vehicles for transport ( particularly critical during the loya jirga ) 22,000 kabul residents will benefit from the installation of 2 transformers , 100,000 will benefit from replacement cables , and the population of kabul will benefit from roaming electrical repairs
9	a feed the future project focused on integrating nutrition into local value chains has partnered with the international institute for tropical agriculture ( iita ) to help address this problem by developing a new and higher-performing soybean variety called “ tikolore , ” which means “ let us harvest ” in the local language .
5	the strongest quake to hit the area since 1976 has killed almost 2,000 people and left tens of thousands homeless in the mountainous tibetan plateau in southwest china .
6	a week later , another thunderstorm flooded already inundated main thoroughfares and underpasses , forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency with no power in most of the city .
9	significant commodity shortfalls ( including cereals , oil and salt ) will begin appearing in late summer .
5	torrential rains in the state have left more than 150 people dead , besides rendering some 4,000,00 people shelterless .
0	far away in new zealand , one person was feared dead and hundreds had been evacuated after rain-swollen rivers flooded a wide area and dozens of small earthquakes contributed to mudslides , officials said on monday .
9 5	@-@ 162 u.s. military and civilian cargo airlift flights have delivered about 1900 tons of medical supplies , food , shelter material , blankets , and rescue equipment to pakistan .
9	" i want to get out of poverty and my dream is to be a goat and cow herder , " says samya , who is now doing small-scale poultry farming as a way of trying to achieve some ' food security ' .
5	as part of its long term repatriation assistance initiative , focus is also providing shelter for afghan returnees , internally displaced people ( idp ) and vulnerable families in the province .
6	world vision has provided 91 toilets , 104 bathrooms , 15 drilled wells , 6 water tanks , 45 garbage containers and 1 drainage system , benefiting 22,864 internally displaced persons ( idp ) in aceh besar , lhoong , banda aceh , lamno , meulaboh and leupung .
5	heavy rainfall combined with a landslide turned the river vere , which flows through tbilisi , into a raging torrent that over the weekend swept away dozens of buildings and cars .
2	niger itself suffered an alleged boko haram attack late on thursday , with two of the country 's soldiers being killed in a militant ambush near its border with nigeria , according to the defence ministry .
0	blasting or digging of sluices would be carried out to discharge flood for big such lakes after residents were evacuated safely , according to the plan .
6 5	this enabled crwrc to continue with rehabilitation and reconstruction phases , and build 2,004 permanent earthquake resistant homes , dig 244 wells to provide access to potable drinking water as old ones were salinated , and provide temporary electricity with generators to 18 villages in addition to its short-term aid .
9	" even in the worst-case scenario , the government , with 60 million tonnes of wheat stocks , has the ability to ensure supplies and control prices , " said ma wenfeng , an analyst with beijing orient agribusiness consult ltd.
6	“ we need proper toilets in the camp otherwise we will be exposed to a possible outbreak of diseases including chest infections emanating from dust inhalation which is a major problem at the moment , ” says kisco chika , another teacher at the camp .
9	poor deyr season rainfall over large areas of the bakol region had led to extreme crop losses almost everywhere , representing the seventh consecutive poor harvest in the area .
2	but with the united states preparing for possible retaliatory action against the accused saudi-born terrorist leader osama bin laden and the taliban government that gives him asylum , karim 's life has once again taken a turn for the worse .
9	proshika , operating in cox ’ s bazar municipality and 5 other unions , ramu and chokoria , assessment , 5 kg rice , 1,5 kg lentils to 700 families .
6	chenzhou , a city of about 4 million in the central province of hunan , began its 11 th day without power on tuesday , with people lining up at fire hydrants with buckets to get water .
9	in order to help alleviate the problem of food insecurity , unicef had helped the village build a cereal bank where women could buy or borrow grain a few years ago .
0 5	thousands of people have fled to monasteries , schools or other places so that temporary settlements have been created .
5	" damp floors and leaking roofs have made many poor homes inhabitable and in many cases houses have collapsed , " said anne grace akwango , actionaid 's program manager .
9	at full development , an additional output of 25,000 tonnes of paddy rice , 24 tonnes of fish , and 73 tonnes of broiler meat is expected .
6	in the main city , srinagar , plagued by power blackouts , the snowfall has made the electricity situation worse by damaging power transmission lines .
9	earlier in the year , she raised a first batch of broiler chickens as part of a pilot project , to boost rural incomes and food security here at bourate , in rural mauritania .
6 5	* in mullativu , unicef provided to dpdhs one 27.5 kva generator for mulullativu town hospital , two tents for use as temporary moh offices , and 25 bicycles for spraying .
9	* first 81 mt wfp food convoy , which had left kiurgan tiube , tajikistan , on 16 february , arrives in rustaq .
5	in these neighbourhoods the icrc has begun a winterization programme for 25,000 families , providing assistance to ensure basic shelter and heating .
6	doctors say that wells and streams in many villages have become polluted because of the poor sanitary conditions .
5	mohammad daiem kakar , the head of the national disaster management agency , said the landslide had moved the entire village 20 to 30 metres down the mountainside .
9	early prospects are favorable for 2002 @/@ 03 winter grains , with adequate winter precipitation recharging soil-moisture reserves .
9	although we want to deliver fresh leafy vegetables and fruit , we do not want to waste any vegetables , therefore we are going to deal with the situation until the beginning of autumn , by delivering root vegetables together with some vegetable @/@ fruit juice ( made with agricultural products from miyazaki ) .
9	those were the times of starvation when hunger stricken villagers rummaged around inundated grain storages in hope of finding something to eat .
6 9	the commission said the city is in dire need of food , cereals , medicines and water treatment devices , warning against " a health calamity " due to the destroyed sewerage system .
6	refugees who have moved to the relocation centers have complained about lack of clean water , toilets and electricity and some have abandoned them in favor of other places such as government buildings and mosques .
6 5	auckland , july 5 ( afp ) @-@ the death toll rose on friday as atrocious typhoon weather that has wiped out entire families , made thousands homeless and brought havoc to airlines and electricity grids continued to rage across asia .
0	@-@ evacuations in india @-@ as the grim search continued , india stepped up the evacuation of thousands of residents from its eastern state of bihar , amid fears the landslide would unleash flash floods downstream across the border , inundating villages .
9	adequate funds for the procurement of food supplies , vegetable seeds and medicines is required to ensure a timely distribution .
9	they have no access to clean or safe water , toilets , habitable shelter or adequate food , which has prompted concerns about a possible increase in cases of malaria , water-borne diseases and malnutrition .
5	angola , 22 november 2010 @-@ nearly a thousand bent and broken corrugated metal roofs and three hundred damaged or destroyed mud houses were left in the wake of severe gales and storms that hit cuemba town , angola at the beginning of the rainy season .
9 5	homeless flood victims urgently need warm clothing , blankets , food , medicine , and insulated tents .
6	inland transportation and wiring work for 100 units of 10kva generators ceylon electricity board
6	@-@ construction of one raised platform and five toilets and five hand tube wells in assam ; and
0	informed sources in contact with dungu told irin today the spla had left the town and two refugee camps in the area had been emptied .
9	1.4 bie : following the recent recommendations made by the nutritionists from wfp , unicef , msf-b and icrc to add 100 g of enriched food products to the rations to correct the niacin deficiency , wfp is carrying out a survey in kuito to assess the acceptability of csb by the beneficiaries .
0	in other parts of the state , dams overflowed , forcing the evacuation of thousands .
9	the intrusion of sea water due to the tsunami and resulting soil salinity affected a range of crops such as grasses ( important for livestock ) , vegetables , young oil palm , rubber seedlings , rambutan , and mangosteen .
9	" the price of vegetables will further decrease as the weather is getting warmer , " said huang , predicting that because of the losses from the snow havoc , the domestic edible oil price would be on the rise in the future .
5	the aircrews , flying out of muzaffarabad and chatterplain airfield to the remote neelum , jelum and allai valleys , have transported more than 9,000 tons of relief supplies since a deadly oct. 8 earthquake left 73,000 people dead and more than 3,000 more homeless , officials said .
9 5	people are in urgent need of tents , warm clothing , blankets , wood for burning purposes , medicines and canned and dry food .
6	so much untreated sewage has been pumped into sierra leone 's rivers and coastal waters that much of the water itself is contaminated with the cholera bacteria , unicef said .
5	" normally we are out here transporting passengers in and out of afghanistan on a daily basis so it was a different challenge transporting tents and medical supplies , including anti-malarial medicine , to pakistan .
6	of the 25 sites in total in northern sri lanka , oxfam has been given responsibility to cover all requirements for water and sanitation , garbage disposal , and semipermanent community building for all 12 sites in killinochchi and some of the 13 sites in mullaitivu
9	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
6 5	it caused massive power outages across luzon , toppled power lines , uprooted trees and destroyed thousands of homes .
9	people have to drink dirty water , and they become ill with diarrhoea ; then the food they eat passes straight through them and they get little nutritional value .
9	his family have decided they 'll risk going hungry this month because they need to buy soap and a new pair of shoes so his younger sister can walk to school .
5	islamabad , 12 october ( irin ) @-@ communities made homeless by saturday 's powerful regional earthquake urgently need shelter and warm clothes as cold winter weather saps the energy of hundreds of thousands forced to camp in the open throughout northern pakistan .
0 5	consecutive heavy rains have also wreaked havoc in east china 's zhejiang province , where serious geological disasters have destroyed infrastructure , forcing at least 19,000 residents in 37 counties to evacuate and toppling 1,600 rural houses , according to the zhejiang provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters .
9	plastic rolls , unimix biscuits , unimix , tarpaulins , blankets tarpaulins , bisc .
0 5	zucula said the government was working on a long-term plan to permanently resettle refugees from flood-hit areas , many of whom have been forced from their homes several times in recent years due to flooding .
9	operating within the framework of a capacity development agenda , stakeholders will work together in tackling hunger and ensuring food security and at the same time address acute and child malnutrition .
5	one taxi driver said hundreds of people were thursday taking shelter around public buildings and on the sides of a main road in jatinegara , east jakarta as their nearby homes were awash .
9	each family received food rations including vegetable seeds , blankets , plastic sheeting , hand tools , clothing and cooking utensils and several watering cans for cultivation .
6	about 70 percent of china 's rivers and lakes are polluted due to industrial pollution and lack of waste treatment plants .
6	" health centres that should be there to help people suffering from diarrhoea and infections linked to the water and sanitation conditions cannot function , " yevi magloire , head of medicine and paediatrics in the southeastern department of ou é m é , told irin .
6	power and communications lines are down , and road access to devastated areas is blocked by debris .
9	in pakistan , where half the population already faced food insecurity , according to the world food programme ( wfp ) , there had been a dramatic and unacceptable rise in the number of people in that condition over the past two years , driven by the economic , food and fuel crises as well as climate change effects .
2	security measures were not the only approach , however , and canada ’ s security and intelligence agencies were working on identifying threats , tracking and squeezing off terrorist financing wherever possible .
6	the rp calls for rebuilding the health care infrastructure on all levels : reconstructing hospitals and health centers in the towns and health posts in the rural areas , sanitation projects to provide more hygenic latrines and clean water supplies , and educational & vaccination campaigns .
0 5	government rescue workers evacuated residents and said they found them shelter in nearby youth centres and in open fields .
5	the 8.0-magnitude quake centered on wenchuan county , about 100 km southwest of beichuan , has left more than 69,000 people dead , about 18,000 missing and millions homeless .
9 5	poorly nourished families are continuing to arrive in relief camps , fleeing the oncoming winter and leaving behind villages damaged by the 7.6 magnitude earthquake .
5	most of the displaced are living in temporary camps under tarpaulins , which are not appropriate for families , especially children , who will have to face chilly weather conditions very soon .
6	" the government wants to do this for sanitary reasons , understandably , but people are upset and crying [ because this is not the custom ] .
6	assistance with the provision of safe drinking water , drainage of stagnant water and disinfection for spraying of open communal latrines will be undertaken .
9	* delivery of more than 41 tons of therapeutic milk and 1.5 tons of plumpy ' nut ® to treat children with acute severe malnutrition in 31 therapeutic feeding centres operated by unicef partners .
5	but shockingly the students found their school had been turned into a refugee center sheltering more than 2,000 people .
5	similarly , for the resumption of basic education services to poor and vulnerable primary school age populations , over 6,000 temporary schools have been made functional with basic physical infrastructure ( 20 transitional shelters & 17426 tents ) , learning materials and teachers with the support of unicef .
6	ensuring safe drinking water and sanitation is always a priority , so the red cross red crescent has worked to rehabilitate 56 water supply systems and installed 3,500 latrines , 305 washrooms and 350 waste bins , directly benefiting 105,000 people in affected areas .
9	rome @-@ the connection between climate and hunger was made abundantly clear this summer when torrential rain lashed pakistan , causing devastating flooding that submerged farmland , obliterated crops and left 10 million people in need of food aid .
6	before 6 p.m. sunday when supply of electricity was resumed on the chenzhou section of the beijing-guangzhou railway , train service providers were forced to switch to internal-combustion engines for traction when trains reached chenzhou .
5	residents had spent the night outside their houses fearing aftershocks .
5	around 15 to 20 percent of the city of eight million people , plus large areas in satellite towns , is still under water , officials said .
9	india meanwhile flew in 13 military transport planes loaded with tonnes of food , blankets and other aid .
9	overall the pastoral districts ( turkana , moyale , mandera , wajir , tana river , marsabit , garissa , isiolo , samburu , and kajiado ) are currently experiencing more acute food and water shortages than the marginal agricultural areas .
9	in the maldives , the public health laboratory has been provided with laboratory equipment such as a water purification system and accessories to assist in surveillance and monitoring of chemical and microbiological contaminants in food .
5	according to the national disaster management authority 's estimates , at least 1.2 million houses have either been damaged or destroyed by the catastrophic floods in pakistan .
9	it will be implemented in 2013 and 2014 and will provide specialized nutritious foods as treatment for children aged 6-59 months with moderate acute malnutrition ( mam ) as well as malnourished pregnant and lactating women ( plws ) and food support to mothers whose children hospitalized for severe acute malnutrition .
6	guinea @-@ loan for usd12.2 million to participate in a rural project and improve sewer system services in two provinces .
9	as a result of more than two decades of civil war , however , irrigated farmland and facilities have been neglected , and farming villages have become impoverished .
5	we help them by collecting money in the village and by constructing a new house without charge , " tells one of the participants .
6	the incinerator , proposed by the danish international development agency , would have burned stockpiled obsolete pesticides and other toxic wastes .
6	the power supply has been affected in 6531 villages , 57 towns , while 2343 electricity feeder and 1166 electricity distribution transformers has been disrupted .
9	the initial cost of this operation , us $ 40.5 million , was revised upwards with the request to donors for an additional 21,308 mt to cover november-december shortfalls , 36,908 mt for january to march requirements and 2,198 mt of high-energy , high-protein foods for supplementary feeding programmes .
6 5	our assistance is a stepping stone towards independence by investing in rebuilding the infrastructure including water and sanitation systems , bridges roads , jetties , emergency shelters and schools . "
6	meanwhile , icrc @/@ pmi engineers continued trucking clean water and installing water tanks and sanitation facilities , where they were most urgently needed .
5	" several tented camps of quake-displaced people were flooded after three days ' of continuous rain and we have been providing them with new tents , blankets , hygiene kits and other non-food items , " arshad aziz , field coordinator for the norwegian refugee council 's camp support team , told irin from muzaffarabad .
6 9	dirty water , sick animals used for food and other unhealthy eating conditions are causing health issues in other parts of prey veng too , so mcc ’ s response includes cleaning wells , distributing hygiene kits and training teachers at angkearhdei about hygiene and sanitation practices .
0	" the reason for the evacuation is that these villages have been recently declared highly hazardous areas by the geological survey of pakistan ( gsp ) and prone to further landslides , " abas explained .
9	food provided to the idps consists of wheat , which the idps grind into flour and bake into bread at a nearby village .
0 5	muzaffarabad , 23 june ( irin ) @-@ some 11,000 residents of 30 villages around the city of muzaffarabad , capital of quake-hit pakistani-administered kashmir will be evacuated from their houses by the end of this month after their villages were declared unsafe and prone to further landslides , officials said on friday .
5	the continuous aftershocks , such as a 6.7 richter-scale earthquake from the day before , have made it impossible for ani nunisa and her family to reside in a permanent location .
9	the two supplementary feeding centres in maslakh are already providing extra rations for more than 2,000 children every day , and msf which runs one of the centres reports worrying levels of severe malnutrition , despite the existence of a general food distribution .
6 0	the indian army , which is fighting a two decade-old separatist insurgency in the disputed border state , has been spearheading relief operations by clearing main supply roads , restoring telecommunication links , evacuating residents , establishing relief camps and distributing aid .
9	pre-harvest cereal shortages have been reported in most markets in southern somalia , particularly in rainfed agricultural areas .
0	about 30,000 people were evacuated in the four states , but many have returned home as floodwaters receded in some areas .
6	the earthquake , which was felt in neighbouring countries where it prompted similar tsunami alerts , caused windows to break in sumatra 's largest city medan and power outages across the island , including the devastated aceh region .
9	the primary use of the equipment will be for experiments and demonstration of techniques to ensure conservation tillage practices .
0 5	up to 5,000 displaced residents from across the region are presently living in a make-shift campground .
2	al-shabab remains a spoiler , with the potential to create terror through suicide bombs and guerrilla attacks .
9	actionaid is working closely with partner organisations on the ground to distribute essential relief items , including dry food , oral rehydration saline , water purifying tablets and clothing to over 30,000 people .
9	note to the editors : over 4 million children are projected to suffer from acute malnutrition this year across the nine countries of the sahel , including nearly 1.1 million children who will face life-threatening severe acute malnutrition .
9 5	nato flights delivered 3,778 tons of tents , blankets , stoves and food on 170 flights .
6 5	thousands more remain homeless and emergency relief teams are hampered in their efforts to provide assistance as many areas remain inaccessible , communication is poor .
9	@-@ establish additional therapeutic feeding centres and train health workers in the management of severe undernutrition .
5	pleased and full of admiration to see how quickly people have got back on their feet , rebuilt homes , planted their fields , and yet also saddened to see the wooden frames of locally built houses , standing forlornly with their mud walls now only beginning at eight feet up , just under the thatched roof .
9	distribution of maize and bean seed , sweet potato cuttings and vegetable seed in mulanje and thyolo has now been completed through oxfam 's winter cropping programme .
5	he said at least 4,000 mud houses were washed away and that relief workers had been sent to check on 400,000 marooned villagers .
9	the appeal covers relief and rehabilitation programmes designed to restock herds , improve water supply and pastureland irrigation , provide food security through nutrition and agriculture , and ensure health , education , as well as coordination and monitoring .
6 5	the un official spent about 40 minutes at the sprawling camp , talking to haggard , ill-fed refugees living under plastic sheets without drinking water , sanitation facilities and defences against biting cold .
6	a total of 175 villages were hit with many of them without electricity and water supplies as temperatures plunged below freezing .
2	at the same time , he was increasingly concerned about the spread globally of extremist ideologies and terrorist activities , especially in africa .
9	the world food programme aims to improve the nutritional status and household food security by providing vulnerable families with a basket of food items , including rice and wheat , pulses , oil and iodized salt .
5	cyclone nargis and its accompanying storm surge flattened towns and villages in the delta , affecting some 2.4 million people and damaging some 790,000 houses , 57 % of which were totally destroyed .
6	( 4 ) the earthquake and tsunami resulted in emergency situations including failure of the reactor-cooling systems in tepco ( tokyo electric power company ) 's nuclear power stations in fukushima prefecture .
9	usd 4.2 million ) to distribute subsidized wheat and cash compensation to severely affected families .
9	white bean varieties with enhanced drought tolerance are currently undergoing final tests at ciat ’ s headquarters in colombia , before being shipped to eiar early next year .
9	relief flight operations were temporarily halted when the first major winter storm hit the region earlier this month , but resumed immediately afterward , setting a one-day record for food deliveries , officials said .
5	" my house is now flooded to my knees , " said one resident , out collecting wood from downed trees that he said he would use for cooking .
5	the national committee of disaster reduction , ministry of civil affairs and yunnan 's provincial government have dispatched 9,700 tents , 15,000 quilts , 15,000 clothes and other materials to the quake-hit region .
6 9	the stunting prevention project involves 13 core nutrition interventions including the provision of complementary feeding , the management of acute malnutrition and safe hygiene practices .
5	upon arrival at the camp , the refugees will be given food and other supplies including tents , sleeping mats , kerosene lamps , stoves , fuel , blankets and jerry cans .
6	the minister of energy , ambassador henry o. macauley , in fulfillment of the ministry ’ s commitment and with support of the transition national power authority has installed and commissioned a 315 kva transformer station at the cost of two hundred and eleven million , five hundred thousand leones ( le 211,500,000 ) .
6	" students are learning the importance of hand washing , regular water drinking , and proper use of toilet facilities . "
5	this includes a cash-for-work program that is employing more than 4,600 people salvaging materials such as lumber and corrugated roofing to use in constructing 6,000 shelters , more than half of which are underway .
9	the severe drought parching east africa has left 10 million facing hunger and the scope of one of the world 's worst unfolding humanitarian disasters conjured up memories of ethiopia 's devastating 1984 famine .
5	in addition to these supplies , 400 shelter kits containing eight cgi sheets and various tools were transported to muzaffarabad on monday and 500 shelter kits will be sent today to bagh .
6	a drainage system and septic tank are being constructed for the juba teaching hospital ( jth ) and the water supply is being improved .
6	@-@ $ 1,035,396 from the u.s. agency for international development office of foreign disaster assistance ( usaid @/@ ofda ) to provide an estimated 40,000 displaced and crisis affected persons with an adequate quantity and quality of water and improved sanitation facilities in banda aceh , indonesia .
9	the office of the united nations resident coordinator in madagascar reports that the government has supplied 10 tonnes of rice , 120 packs of high proteine biscuits , 100 blankets , 40 tents and 600 jerry cans ( 5 liters each ) to the affected areas .
9	a combination of kenya 's growing structural deficit , a reduction in the area planted by farmers in the past two seasons , and three consecutive failed rainy seasons , have resulted in the 1996 @/@ 97 harvest falling an estimated 770,000 tons short of national requirements .
9	the planting season started well with good early rains but the return of dry conditions in april , especially in southeastern parts of the country , dampened earlier hopes for bumper crops .
9	@-@ people are mostly engaged in agriculture growing crops like maize , rajma and aloo .
9	services to be provided include : water supply ; material aid and psycho-social support to families , including nutrient enriched porridge for children and the elderly ; temporary learning and recreational centers for children .
6	since that time , the united states has repaired 14 health clinics , one sewage treatment plant and 93,000 meters of sewage systems .
5	downpours and whirlwinds swept over binh dai district of the southern province of ben tre on may 4 , damaging tens of houses and injuring 28 people .
6	unicef is also supplying 24,300 hand washing stations , enough for three in every school , as well as cleaning equipment to prepare school buildings .
2	against this backdrop , he said the recent terrorist attacks had led to five civilian deaths in the capital , bamako , and to the attack against a barracks belonging to the un multidimensional integrated stabilization mission ( minusma ) in kidal that killed two malian children and a chadian peacekeeper , and injured 11 peacekeepers and three civilians .
9	" i am suffering because i see them eating wild foods .
5	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ as prayer meetings and candle-light vigils were held wednesday to mourn the victims of the devastating december 26 tsunami in india , thousands of survivors were still waiting for the permanent shelters promised by the government .
9	**serious situation** this southern district of malawi has some of the poorest communities in the country , mostly existing on subsistence agriculture , and often suffering food insecurity and poor diets .
5	but according to the who , the incidence of aris is a particular source of concern , with the onset of winter and so many people living outdoors .
6	community infrastructure projects have reached roughly 1.5 million households with efforts ranging from safe water to irrigation , roads , flood protection and micro hydroelectricity projects .
6 5	" we cover site planning and camp management -- to ensure there 's enough space between tents , and that latrines are not too close to the tents or water points , to avoid contamination . "
6	emergency goods , portable toilet-shower boxes , valued at 18 million jpy were locally procured by jica .
9	the overall nutritional situation improved compared to the previous months due to increased trade and continuous airdrops .
9	the report also warns that if the clan fighting extends to sorghum-producing areas in the south during this critical stage of crop harvest , it could further hamper harvesting and exert a negative impact on food security throughout somalia .
5	" last winter we saw winterized tents collapsing in heavy snow , but this year we are giving out corrugated galvanized iron sheets which are more durable than the tents , " he adds .
6	@-@ the surface water is controlled and its flow is deviated away from the wastewater treatment plant .
6 5	the overall situation is accompanied with limited camping space , poor hygiene practices , inadequate sanitation facilities and inadequate safe water for drinking .
6	an integrated community-based water @/@ sanitation programme minimizing the effects of both slow and sudden onset disasters was successfully implemented in two provinces with 8,500 dry composting toilets constructed in guangxi province and 5,000 toilets in hunan province .
6 5	in faizabad and kunduz , in idp camps and host communities , who sponsored water and sanitation projects have provided safe water supply , latrines and bathhouses .
9	in ethiopia , killer diseases threaten a population weakened by lack of food ; there are few doctors ( 4 per 100,000 people @-@ undp 1999 ) and most of the households studied cannot afford to pay for healthcare .
9	@-@ a total of 440,928 halal meals were delivered to civilian and military officials in pakistan within 36 hours of the initial flooding via u.s. air force airlift , a contribution of about $ 3.7 million dollars .
9	in rajasthan cereal and oilseed production are expected to fall by 23 percent and 17 per cent respectively , whilst 26 of the total 32 districts are reported to be facing shortages of drinking water and food , as well as feed for cattle .
6	air force c-17 s and c-130 s delivered 19 generators to misawa air base for the base 's power system and resupply pallets to yokota air base .
0	" hundreds of people have been evacuated , most of them from the masirah island , " an oman civil defence department spokesman said , adding that some of the evacuees had been taken to muscat .
9	the quality of the soil on the swales is improved by planting nitrogen-fixing plants such as beans , while the soil is watered and covered with mulch to prevent evaporation , thus remaining fertile .
6	a joint assessment undertaken on four islands located in the southern part of the maldives chain on 6 january indicated that most affected households have saline and @/@ or sewerage contaminated rainwater tanks .
9	the agency , together with feed the children and islamic relief , will now focus its activities on a massive bakery project ; this will provide freshly baked fortified bread rations on a daily basis to each idp living in the maslakh camp .
5	an urgent need for continuous relief assistance remains in the 118 unplanned camps below the snowline that have sprung up in the earthquake-affected areas .
6 0	the country 's worst post-world war ii disaster was compounded by reactor meltdowns at the fukushima nuclear power plant , which sent tens of thousands of people fleeing from radiation .
9	“ we cannot but bring in the community seed producers if we want more farmers to have access and adopt drought tolerant maize , ” said the acting director general , nigeria seed council , dr olatokun olusegun .
0 5	heryawan said the excavation would be only a short-term solution to deal with the floods , which affect hundreds of houses and public facilities in east and south bandung each year .
5	over 2 million quake survivors were left with no option but to live in flimsy tents in officially organised relief camps or crude shelters patched together from ruined homes .
9	the vice premier also urged local governments to help farmers restart farming production in disaster-ravaged areas to minimize the damage to crop growth and harvest .
9	this threatens a collapse in the local distribution of food before winter closes in , and consequently the likelihood of widespread starvation .
5	the cluster 's procurement pipeline which includes more than 114,500 tents and 521,500 plastic sheets , will assist a further 375,500 families in coming days .
9	“ amongst the 101 severely malnourished children we detected during the course of january , 47 were refugees , ” noted dr. boubay .
0	a series of powerful aftershocks rattled nerves after sunday 's 6.8-magnitude quake , which sent terrified people running from homes and hotels in the country 's second-biggest city of mandalay and surrounding villages .
9	the flood victims will be provided with rice , oil , household utensils and cash assistance .
6	with its emergency resources stretched to the limit and blocked roads and broken power lines hindering relief efforts , the indonesian government pleaded for foreign help in the form of specialised rescue workers , equipment and medics .
5	cws is providing cws kits and blankets to local partners as needed and is joining houma , la. -based terrebonne readiness assistance coalition , trac , in building a community of 25 " lift houses , " houses built for economy and ecology , and to withstand hurricane-force winds--a sustainable housing solution for coastal areas .
9	levels of chronic malnutrition and anaemia continue to worsen .
6	however , politicians have criticized the municipal dhaka city corporation for clogged sewers and poor mosquito control , prompting the mayor to announce a massive city cleanliness and awareness raising campaign on 3 october .
9	the catholic church , through caritas namibia , is distributing to every single household one kilogramme of speckled beans , a kilogramme of kidney beans , two kilogrammes of parboiled rice and 750 milliliters of cooking oil .
6 9	he said there was urgent need for planting materials , food , household items , and construction materials for fixing classrooms , latrines and roads .
6	in it , they proposed a series of climate-change solutions , including floating schools and gardens in flood plains , drip irrigation in drought-prone areas , and expanded solar and wind power .
0	floods and landslides triggered by the summer deluge have caused the evacuations of more than 800,000 people , state-run television said .
0	i had thought the entire village evacuated , but when we reached the high ground , about 20 to 30 people were missing .
9	the outbreak in orissa has been caused by drinking polluted water and eating contaminated meat , they added .
9	as outlined by president obama 's feed the future initiative , usaid administrator rajiv shah emphasized the u.s. government 's priority to reduce food insecurity through strategic investments .
0 9	some 0.5 mt of food has already been delivered on 31 october by helicopter on the evacuation mission to the area .
6	to prevent acute diarrhea and other digestive diseases , vietnam is maintaining such measures as monitoring food safety , ensuring environmental hygiene , supplying sufficient clean water to residents , and raising public awareness on the diseases , especially in flood-hit localities .
5	habitat launch fundraising appeals for both disasters .
6	landslides , power failures and fallen mobile phone towers further caused the affected areas to cut off from the outside world and limited information about the damage .
5	in bhuj , people have been advised to sleep outside their homes , to avoid being crushed in further building collapses .
9	with widespread crop failure and food price hikes , the situation will become extremely serious unless emergency measures are put in place immediately . "
9	the un food aid agency has started airlifting high-energy biscuits to emergency depots in pakistan , iran and turkmenistan , and augmenting other food supplies in these countries and tajikistan .
9	until water levels fully recede and infrastructure can be repaired , wfp will have to depend on helicopters and boats to get food to the reception sites .
5	pakistan : heavy rains destroy capital slum dwellings
5	“ that ’ s why , over the last three months , our partners have been working around the clock to support communities that are likely to be cut off , making sure they have shelter during the monsoon , as well as hygiene kits containing soap and water purification tablets , which are crucial for preventing the spread of disease .
5	eleven people died and over 2,000 were left homeless when a series of moderate quakes rocked another area near gilgit .
6	doctors say that wells and streams in many villages have become polluted because of the poor sanitary conditions .
6	she said the agency feared that there will outbreaks of dysentery , diarrhoea , malaria , and bilharzia , in an area where children have been swimming in the floodwaters amidst human and animal waste .
6	also the electricity supply to kandahar and lashkergah could be affected , resulting in several social and economic consequences .
9	* on january 5 , mercy corps continued distribution of rice and other nutritious foods to over 91,000 displaced persons in aceh besar .
9 5	food for the hungry has already been distributing clean water and critically needed items including food , shelter and clothing through its many partners including eficor ( evangelical fellowship of india 's commission on relief ) .
9	the local authorities are providing cooked food until a communal kitchen can be built .
9	the appeal concentrates on priorities for international assistance in emergency management , rural water supply , food relief , health and nutrition , and agriculture .
9	for fy ' 03 , we intend to build on these programs , improve local business environments , train farmers , government and business leaders , and continue our highly successful microenterprise programs .
9	following the example of the wfp and msfb , develop specific programs for the zones that are still having trouble handling their pre-harvest lean period .
6	care has also helped to build a fresh water canal that flushes the fields destroyed by salt water with water from the river based on the community approach .
5	yangon , jul 08 , 2008 ( xinhua via comtex news network ) -- the myanmar authorities are making arrangement to resettle 7,000 cyclone victims out of the remaining 10,000 temporarily accommodated in three relief camps in laputta , one of the hardest-hit townships in the ayayawaddy delta region , according to local the journal newsweek wednesday .
9	health officials fear disease could spread because people are beginning to eat anything they can get their hands on , such as contaminated meat .
6	project outputs : to rehabilitate eight primary schools , including classrooms , teacher housing and bathroom facilities , to government standards .
9	" all my food grain for the year has been washed away , " said an 80-year-old widow named revathi .
5	according to the indonesian state news agency , 1,000 troops have been dispatched to the region along with heavy equipment to help with the rescue effort , and a military plane carried food blankets tents and rubber boats to the area yesterday .
9	it 's been the harshest winter in living memory for tajikistan , leaving hundreds of thousands of people bitterly cold and hungry .
6	the floods severed communications across large areas of the country , which is roughly the size of france .
0 9 5	about 100 families in kandrori area were evacuated and provided temporary shelter and food as gushing flood waters ravaged the villages after release of 60,000 cusecs of water from maharana pratap sagar reservoir ( pong dam ) .
5	last year , monsoon rains triggered floods that killed at least 300 people and destroyed more than 1.5 million homes in pakistan 's southern sindh province and neighboring baluchistan province .
5	samangan province was hardest hit with several fatalities , many injuries and significant damage to houses and public buildings .
6 5	in a field in jallouzai , just inside pakistan , 80,000 afghans are jammed in without proper shelter , sanitation or water .
9	the situation is particularly worrying in the lowlands of eastern and western haraghe where the poor distribution of belg rains earlier in the year delayed planting of long-cycle sorghum and maize by up to two months .
5	weeks of torrential flooding and cyclones have claimed many lives and left hundreds of thousands homeless and without access to the most basic needs .
9	through cash-for-work programs in areas affected by temporary acute food insecurity , about 15,000 people will receive approximately 60 days of temporary work annually , for a total of 60,000 people over five years .
9	the cumulative effect of consecutive droughts since 1998 has destroyed crop production and depleted water sources , devastating the more than 80 % of the ethiopian population which depends on agriculture as their main source of livelihood .
5	several reservoirs overflowed causing extensive flooding of downstream villages with over 8,000 homes reportedly damaged or destroyed .
5	the agency said the most urgent needs were reconstruction of houses , road repairs and the rehabilitation of rice fields .
9	( b ) local food production factories in the country reported a record high production of 6,000 tons of enriched blended food in may .
5	the quakes flattened hundreds of houses , cracked more than 1,000 roads and triggered 11 fires , police and municipal officials said .
5	in some areas , whole villages were covered in mudslides , officials said .
2	in september 2001 , the country was thrust into the world-media spotlight , after saudi dissident osama bin laden was accused of masterminding what was called the world 's worst terrorist attack on america .
6	protection issues to be covered include the construction of toilets and bathing places , and prevention against gender based violence .
9	low-income population groups are anticipated to bear the heaviest burden , because their daily energy intake depends more on cereal-based products and the share of food in their total expenditures is high , the report says .
9	ifrc states in its situation report that , apart from ongoing projects in the region , the pngrcs is launching an international appeal , " people helping people " , to raise donations of non-perishable foodstuffs .
9 5	the lack of nutritious food and proper shelter combine to lower patients ' resistance , making them more susceptible to serious illnesses .
5	their oceanfront homes washed away , they had no choice but to move under rock ledges and caves .
5	millions across south asia are struggling to rebuild their homes as receding floodwaters reveal the massive devastation caused by heavy monsoon flooding , some of the worst in years .
9	already there are reports that the cost of items like fish paste , oil , rice and eggs have doubled and in some areas tripled .
5	with 70 % of the houses severely damaged in the october 8 earthquake , hundreds of affected people in uri sector of kashmir , are seeking shelter under thin polythene sheets and makeshift tents .
6	@-@ appropriate faecal disposal ( i.e. latrines or composting )
6	other towns and villages in the state are also battling power outages and other hardships .
6	in the immediate term the state has requested that unicef support its efforts by supplying diesel generator sets to power water pumps , community water storage tanks , diesel-driven centrifugal pump sets , and related equipment .
6	the suffocating humidity and lack of clean water and electricity have been making life miserable for tens of thousands of people since cyclone yemyin swept through the region on 26 june .
5	the rented accommodation her family were staying in collapsed in the quake , killing a child of a relative .
0	thanks to a well coordination between the vietnamese government and neighbor countries all the offshore fishing boats safely evacuated and no fisherman died of the typhoon .
9	farmers have also experimented with cultivating rice in the some of the flood plains , or oshanas , found in the midst of the arid land , which remain flush with water for most of the year .
6	for example , 2,300 rain water harvesting tanks will be built and several pilot projects for the construction of decentralized sewage plants will be carried out .
9	land and marine ecosystem degradation , heat stress , soil erosion , salinization and nutrient depletion , the spread of plant pests and diseases , more frequent forest fires , droughts and flooding pose an acute and serious risk to food production .
6	in guizhou , guangdong 's shaoguan and guangxi 's guilin , rural power grids were almost completely destroyed .
6 5	unicef is also upgrading solid waste management systems in seven rural schools that currently serve as shelters .
0	officials in orissa said 873,000 people moved before the cyclone made landfall on saturday evening , while at least another 100,000 were evacuated in andhra pradesh .
9	addis ababa , 11 june ( irin ) @-@ women and children have been forced to eat grass to survive in a remote , flood-hit area of southern ethiopia , the international committee of the red cross ( icrc ) said on monday .
9	these include projects to : enable chad 's water network to support the seasonal movement of shepherds and livestock , encourage small-scale water resources management to increase yields in bangladesh and strengthen water harvesting and soil conservation measures in lebanon .
6	with the massive floods triggered by an undersea earthquake last sunday destroying roads , bridges , telecommunication networks and almost all other basic infrastructure , distributing the aid once it arrives is proving problematic .
9	one woman in the village of kogori , when asked what she and her family would eat , showed the leaves from a wild plant .
6	can adequate sanitary facilities be provided to prevent illness among the survivors ?
6 5	preliminary results of the assessment being carried out by the international federation , japanese red cross and the taiwan red cross organisation indicate the acute need for tents and sleeping bags for the homeless , electric generators and flashlights .
6	as part of efforts to prevent disease outbreak , we have started awareness campaigns to encourage refugees to wash their hands , boil water and drink only safe water .
9	background this allocation comes in addition to already foreseen or ongoing funding in the food security sector in the region worth € 208 million , bringing the total eu contribution for development assistance to around € 373 million ( for 2007-2013 ) .
5	the village chief in lhok kruet wants to know when he can move his people out of leaking tents and rickety wooden shacks to a place beyond the reach of waves , real or imaginary .
6	risk of outbreaks is particularly acute in ampara and kalmunai , due to inadequate sanitation facilities ( 1,000 people reportedly have access to just three latrines ) .
6	the grants have rebuilt libraries , wells , waste management systems and marketplaces .
5	2005 @-@ a 7.6 magnitude earthquake kills more than 73,000 people and leaves up to 3.5 million homeless in pakistan 's kashmir province and khyber pakhtunkhwa province .
6	we will provide the new loans to meet the needs of the disaster-stricken areas including the reconstruction of roads , sewer systems and other infrastructure , " said yoshihiro iwasaki , director of adb 's programs department ( west ) .
6	ten metres away lies a fetid rubbish dump and seven latrines reeking of human excrement .
0	bangkok 27 october 2011 – unicef is providing 20,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets to help protect families evacuated to temporary shelters and living in other flood-ravaged areas in thailand from dengue fever and other mosquito-borne diseases .
5	in both yangtze provinces the delegate was able to talk to flood victims who survived the winter in makeshift shelters .
6	to construct a new sewerage treatment plant , construct @/@ rehabilitate six pumping stations , install sewerage pipelines , and rehabilitate existing networks in three of the most populated towns on mahe , seychelles ’ largest island and home to some 14,000 people .
2	this was the first boko haram raid in a few days , although an explosion outside a bus station in the northeastern city of gombe on thursday that killed 10 people was blamed on the islamists ‎ .
9	according to the preliminary information collected by aert , the affected people are in most need of food , potable water and other daily commodities .
5	furthermore , teams have distributed thousands of blankets and tents and more than 100 stoves in recent weeks in an effort to combat the frigid temperatures .
9 5	khaw mhu , myanmar , may 29 ( reuters ) @-@ myanmar 's junta is evicting dozens of destitute families from one of its own cyclone refugee centres , giving each one just four bamboo poles , a tarpaulin and an unlikely promise of a monthly ration of rice .
9	the mining crisis , grain shortage and the political impasse resulting from the conduct of a recent presidential election , which the opposition alleges was rigged , were among issues president levy mwanawasa had hoped to see resolved at a bridge-building meeting he called for monday 28 january at the national assembly .
6 5	new delhi , aug 18 ( reuters ) @-@ the onset of monsoon rains in sri lanka is raising fears for the safety of thousands of war-displaced tamils after rain flooded camps , ruined shelters and caused sewage to overflow , aid workers said on tuesday .
9	harvest prospects for rainfed crops are bleak and the small tracts of land under crops in depressions ( bas fonds ) rule out any hopes for a sufficient harvest before the next rainy season .
9	imc doctor based in leksula returned this week from conducting their mobile clinic programme in the mountain areas where it was found that 20 % of the population in nine villages suffered from malnutrition and 2 children suffered from marasmus ( severe malnutrition ) .
5	" people are already living in temporary camps , or camping on areas of high ground , and if the rain continues , then not only will more villages be cut off and people marooned , but it will be increasingly difficult to get a full scale relief operation underway . "
9	they comforted patients at township people 's hospital ( myebon ) and presented foodstuff and cash assistance .
6	iridium , a long-standing member of itu , has been assisting itu with emergency telecommunication since 2007 , when the first iridium hand-held mobile satellite phones and solar batteries were donated to the union .
6	in pakistan the worst-affected area has been mashkail , in baluchistan , where the lack of paved roads , electricity , mobile phone coverage and medical facilities have hampered the rescue effort .
9	in the second distribution , 40 kgs of wheat or barley seeds were distributed to each household instead of 62.5 kgs @-@ the amount needed for 0.5 hectare .
5	those who get the barracks will be chosen because they either lost everything or live in squalid camps .
6	some of the trees fell onto electricity cables , causing temporary blackouts across yogyakarta municipality and bantul regency .
0 5	he added that evacuees who had been recommended to remain at shelter despite a drop in volcanic activities hailed from suka meriah , bekerah , simacem , gurukinayan , kutatonggal , berastepu , gamber and sibintun hamlets .
5	sirajganj , bangladesh ─ when the rain-swollen jamuna river breached its banks and inundated sirajganj town 4 years ago , the streets were under knee-deep water , forcing shutdowns of businesses and schools .
9	" these people will face starvation unless relief is provided rapidly , " says roger bracke , operations manager at the federation .
6	vital installations , telephone lines , educational institutions and other electricity substations are badly damaged .
9	* assisting farmers with cattle breeding , fodder crop production , and integrated dairy development activities and poultry production activities involving 2,500 women .
6 5	oxfam has to date constructed 180 temporary shelters in the cuddalore district , with 31 bathing units , 5 latrines and 9 hand pumps completed for the same area .
5	balochistan , pakistan , 23 july , 2007 @-@ when cyclone yemyin tore into northern balochistan one month ago , it took only a short period of time before the village of kuch valari was completely submerged under raging torrents of muddy waters .
9 5	a gust of wind blew away roofs of several poultry farms and thatched houses .
9	world vision has worked in myanmar for some 40 years and currently assists children and families across the country through food assistance , agriculture , health , clean water , education , income generation , anti-trafficking and nutritional assistance programs .
5	five-year-old musavir manzoor had a miraculous escape when his house collapsed in the neighbouring village of paran pela .
0	the eruption remained in the stage 3 category , which usually involves voluntary evacuations , but vulcanologists said the chance of a major explosive eruption remained high .
6	ifrc has also purchased portable solar radios , 5,000 of which are being handed out to people in guinea who live in isolated communities without access to radio programming .
9	the world bank estimates that about $ 10 billion ( u.s. dollars ) per year would provide 13 proven interventions in the most vulnerable countries , from food fortification to targeted supplements for the most vulnerable .
0 9 5	kenya red cross society ? s assessment indicates the need for evacuation and resettlement of people , provision of tents to 3,157 households affected , relief food , river bank protection to avoid more water over flow , reconstruction of the main bridge connecting lokori to morulem and other centers .
6 9 5	some 400,000 people are now living in makeshift shelters or evacuation centers , the new york times reported , and compounding the problem is windy and bitterly cold weather , as well as shortages of water , food and fuel , the times reported .
5	on wednesday 17 october the team worked with the fire service to erect tents at the abadan goungou camp .
5	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
6 5	as people began to make a slow transition from tents and big public buildings to other temporary shelters , inform worked to ensure that these new shelters provided access to electricity , water , and sewage and garbage disposal , and that children could start returning to school .
5	children and families are taking refuge in relief centres and temporary camps .
0 5	in the context of providing assistance to people living in emergency evacuation areas and people rebuilding their homes , in addition to the role of the government , volunteers from the community will also have an extremely important part to play .
9	" this would represent a drop in output of about 8 percent compared to the relatively good 1997 harvest , largely on account of reduced planting in many countries as a result of the drought warning and irregular rains . "
6 5	its areas of focus include housing design and construction , institutional construction management , village planning , natural hazard mitigation , water supply and sanitation , and improved indoor living conditions for the most disadvantaged members of society .
6	the western division is still flooded and the central division is also suffering from the electricity blackout and floods .
9	the fragile rice paddies that have disappeared will not be rehabilitated for at least two or three years ; in the interim , villagers will be growing vegetables for their survival .
9	* special arrangements are being made for the procurement of food grains , medicines , cattle fodder , water purifying tablets , ors , boats and vehicles .
9	oussoro @/@ bahr-el-ghazal , 26 june 2012 ( irin ) @-@ in the outskirts of moussoro , the main town in the western chad region of bahr-el-ghazal , mothers line up with their babies in the sweltering heat waiting to be screened for malnutrition .
9	the world food programme has already pre-positioned around 350,000 tons of mixed foods in five locations around the country for rapid deployment to the most vulnerable families .
6	the emergency telecommunications cluster ( etc ) has continued to install telecommunication equipment to support the humanitarian response in flood-affected locations .
9	( a ) wfp has completed its first distribution of food to families that suffered crop losses due to the drought .
9	for days hundreds of thousands of flood victims have been stranded without food and water , awaiting rescue .
5	around 15,000 people fled their homes on manam island off png 's north coast after a series of volcanic explosions in late 2004 .
6 5	" itu will do its utmost to provide assistance to people in the disaster-affected areas by re-establishing telecommunication links which will be vital in the rescue and rehabilitation efforts in the days ahead . "
6	“ where there is no provision of electricity , solar submersible pumps will be installed to provide clean drinking water to the people and the livestock , ” says the report .
9	district 7020 is collecting funds to purchase the following goods locally : batteries , drinking water , charcoal , rice , cooking oil , sugar , cream , propane stoves & canisters , canned goods , bread , fruit , cereal , flour , baby food , diapers , and generators .
0	the quake kills almost 1,000 people on nias island and warnings of a possible tsunami sparks panic and mass flight in coastal regions .
9	johannesburg , 25 april ( irin ) @-@ the world food programme ( wfp ) has warned that harsh weather conditions , economic and political instability and hiv @/@ aids could see the 2.6 million people it is currently struggling to feed in southern africa double when regional assessments are completed in may .
5	it will take up to three weeks to establish wooden barracks to house the homeless residents for up to one year .
9 5	100,500 housing units collapsed , 37,900 housing units were damaged , 1.1 million ha of crops were affected , of which 88,100 ha lost all harvest .
5	the fresh flooding in jaffarabad aggravated the misery of thousands of displaced people from sindh and balochistan who could not reach safe places and had taken refuge near pat feeder canal and other high places .
9	years of recurrent drought and a 2004 locust invasion contributed to food shortages across the sahel last year .
6	but due to lack of installed hydro-electric power stations , the country is dependent on its neighbors for electricity during the winter .
5	they 're making an economic calculation @-@ no one likes having their homes flooded every few years .
9	the food security situation in somali region could deteriorate with reports that the deyr rains ( main rainy season ) have failed in large areas of the seven receiving zones of degehabur , korahe , warder , gode , afder , liben and fik .
9	zongon-bekkel , niger , aug 10 ( afp ) @-@ the free food aid promised by humanitarian organisations for weeks had finally arrived and the news spread like wild fire between nomadic villages in famine-threatened southern niger .
6 5	storms led to the collapse of electricity poles and of power lines , with widespread damage to houses , and a local military installation ( who , wfp , unicef ) .
5	eight people died in liaoning province in the northwest after flash floods from downpours burst dams and destroyed houses in rivers running through huludao city , xinhua reported .
9 5	the national society is taking emergency steps to overcome the scarcity of food as the locals hadslau ghtered their sheep and cattle to survive the harsh winter ; their houses have been destroyed as a result of overflowing reservoirs and burst dams .
5	thanks to your generous donations and funds from cida , tearfund , and the mennonite central committee , crwrc continues to walk alongside these communities restoring livelihoods and rebuilding homes .
5	the government has started to demarcate and allocate plots in some areas , but over 230,000 people are still in camps , awaiting resettlement .
6	rains have also damaged electric wires , cutting the power supply in several parts of the city .
6	in addition to providing latrines and washing facilities in transit camps , the icrc has cleaned and chlorinated wells , installed water tanks at several welfare centres , built latrines and upgraded existing sanitation facilities in cooperation with local authorities in mullaittivu , kilinochchi , trincomalee and batticaloa .
5	the floodwaters inundated two-thirds of dhaka , a city of some 10 million people , and three-quarters of bangladesh .
9	the worst floods in decades triggered by torrential monsoon downpours have ruined many farmers and hammered agriculture , the mainstay of pakistan 's already fragile economy .
9	* continue distribution of high energy @/@ protein biscuits : to children under five years , pregnant and lactating women in accommodation centres and camps .
9 5	on the pakistani side , a medical team of seven doctors and two paramedics arrived on october 12 in balakot , and ten trucks carrying food , tents , blankets and medical supplies reached yesterday .
9	a three-member leadership team has travelled in four-wheel drive vehicles into the hard-hit southern ( maputo ) area with soya products , powdered milk , mealie meal and other basic food products .
9	of particular concern are the shabelle valley and parts of the juba riverine area where the start of the season was delayed and crop germination has been poor .
0 5	in the bihar region of india , which is largely under water , hundreds of rural villages have been destroyed , 550,000 people have been displaced , 400,000 await rescue , and 3 million have been affected .
6	the minister said that steps have been taken to allocate rupees one million for the galle district alone , and due to the g large scale projects being undertaken by the government to develop canal and drainage systems in the recent past , the current flood situation is not very severe .
5	shanghai , june 15 , 2009 ( afp ) @-@ at least 14 people were killed and more than 180 others were injured in a severe hail storm that destroyed thousands of homes across eastern china 's anhui province , authorities said monday .
9	extreme water shortage caused by two to three years of failed rains has killed huge numbers of farm animals and severely reduced crop production .
9	land preparation , planting , weeding and inter-cultivation crops have been underway in zobas debub , maekel , anseba , northern red sea and gash barka .
9	the coverage of the remote areas with food , clean water and medical assistance has been a very difficult and expensive task due to disrupted communications .
9	women needing assistance who had been registered at the center came at a pre-appointed time to pick up bags of weekly rations consisting of flour , cooking oil , and pulses .
6	about 1,000 electricity pylons and poles have collapsed around chenzhou under the weight of ice and snow , effectively destroying the local power grid .
9	according to the humanitarian country team , critical needs will be plastic sheeting , water purification materials , water receptacles , cooking sets , mosquito nets , emergency health kits , and food .
9	the head of the food and agriculture organization ( fao ) , jacques diouf , said in a recent policymaker ’ s handbook that “ sustainable intensification of smallholder crop production is one of fao ’ s strategic objectives . ”
6	work will include expansion of activities under phase 1 , restoration of community infrastructure , spatial redesign of affected zones , power and rural electrification , and public administration .
6 5	in addition to safe drinking water , survivors need assistance with house reconstruction , a teacher for the village school , job opportunities , boats for fishermen and a proper drainage system .
2	*by katarina h ö ije* bamako , 30 april 2015 ( irin ) @-@ the last few years in mali have been busy : an independence declaration , a coup , a mutiny , a northern takeover by islamist groups , a french military intervention , a hostage crisis , a guerrilla campaign , a preliminary peace deal , and finally , in february , a ceasefire .
6	promoting international efforts in early-warning , information exchange , communications and surveillance technologies was also imperative to curb the negative consequences of similar tragedies in the future .
9	to cover part of this deficit , the government plans to import up to 180 000 tons of maize for its relief distribution programme .
6 5	longer-term projects @-@ from highways and electrical grids to tens of thousands of homes @-@ are just getting started .
5	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ floods driven by incessant monsoon rains continued to wreak havoc in india 's northern and eastern states , washing away homes and livestock and claiming 20 more lives , officials and reports said saturday .
6	surfaid is preparing a 60 tonne fuel barge in padang , west sumatera , which will sail to the earthquake affected region early next week to provide support for the surfaid fleet .
6	sanitation and garbage disposals are the important public health issues , which needs to be addressed in a planned manner .
5	apart from home construction , cargill siam awards scholarships to children from families in need and , in rural areas , has installed water purifiers and water coolers in more than 120 schools .
5	many houses in the area were poorly constructed , with wooden roofs that fell on occupants when the quake shook them .
6	beijing , feb. 21 -- the country 's two major power firms have been told to speed up repair work in snow-hit regions to ensure electricity is restored by the end of next month .
0 9 5	ideally under normal conditions teams would be established that would work in rotating shifts , but this is not viable in evacuation shelters with many elderly people because of the extra amount of care they need beyond immediate necessities like food , clothing and shelter .
5	" a general alert has been sounded across the state with a central control room set up to monitor the flood situation with the rising level of all major rivers leading to floodwaters inundating hundreds of villages , " ians quoted bhumidhar barman , assam revenue , relief and rehabilitation minister , as saying .
9	washington , july 14 , 2005 @-@ the u.s. department of agriculture today announced that it will donate 4,780 metric tons of agricultural commodities to the international partnership for human development ( iphd ) , a private voluntary organization , for use in the republic of guinea .
6	trees and electrical poles were uprooted , communications paralyzed , power supplies cut and traffic on highways stopped .
5	villagers continue with makeshift repairs in bitter sub-zero weather .
0	as of wednesday , a total of 59,337 fishermen and marine staff at sea near fujian had been relocated to safe places , said the provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters .
0 5	those evacuated were living in the open after the operation and the overflowing waters were encircling abu hamad town market and water station in northern state , al-ayam independent daily quoted an official report as saying .
6	about 200 china unicom base stations were out of action in aba as well as 500 in neighboring shaanxi province while a fibre-optic cable between shaanxi 's capital xi ' an and sichuan capital chengdu was severed , it said .
6	the telephone facilities which were temporarily disrupted have now been made functional but there is congestion in connectivity in some areas .
5	oxfam aid workers in remote gorkha villages say that 80 % of houses are destroyed and practically everyone has been forced to live and sleep outside .
6	three landfill sites and 12 recycling and composting facilities are to be established in the three cluster areas to process all the daily waste ; 1,500 collection bins have been distributed throughout the district .
2	the movement for oneness and jihad in west africa ( mujao ) , one of the islamist groups which seized control of northern mali last year before being driven out by french-led troops , claimed the near simultaneous bombings at the agadez army base and the french majority-owned uranium mine in northern arlit .
9	now the vulnerable marginal farmers have no resources and the main concern for them is how to survive until the harvesting of the remaining main kharif crop .
5	every year , landslides kill more than 100 people , destroy 3,000-4,000 houses , affect 8,000-9,000 families , and cost uss $ 1 billion , according to the government .
6	the funds would target everything from the restoration of people ’ s livelihoods to new roads and sanitation facilities to coastal development planning , he said .
9	governments need to make sure that people at the bottom of the pile are less hungry and angry and that they are not vulnerable to violent jihad .
6 9 5	thousands of flimsy huts , home to poor labourers , were destroyed along with wheat , maize and pulse crops , the press trust of india reported , while photos showed power poles lying on the ground .
5	most survivors want to stay on their land with their animals but thousands have trekked out of the mountains to towns in the foothills where crowded , unsanitary tent camps have sprung up .
5	saribekian lived with her five children in a two-room apartment when the earthquake hit .
9	unicef will provide daily supplements of fortified blended food to prevent malnutrition among children and women in the most vulnerable households .
9	it is also developing market gardens to improve production during the dry season .
9	second , the increased cost of imported food will drive up demand for locally produced food , already in short supply due to the drought , in markets across afghanistan .
9	**hungary – floods ( civil protection ) ** due to the severe flood situation , caused by the heavy rains in the catchment basin of danube river this june , hunor and husz Á r un insarag classified rescue teams were deployed to give assistance in the flood protection works in hungary .
9	many of the area 's wide diameter open wells have also been filled with contaminated floodwater , and large numbers of livestock have drowned or been carried off .
6	outside the city centre , almost half of the capital 's population live in the sprawling ger districts , with no access to running water , poor sanitation and limited social services .
5	roiling floods triggered by unusually heavy monsoon rain have scoured pakistan 's indus river basin , killing more than 1,600 people , forcing 2 million from their homes and disrupting the lives of about 14 million people , or 8 percent of the population .
6	quetta , 22 may ( irin ) @-@ although ngos have mushroomed in thousands , rutted roads , open sewers , flying plastic bags , swarms of flies and nets of electricity wires hanging overhead in nawai killi , or new village , in the suburbs of quetta , the capital of pakistan 's southwestern balochistan province , present a grim picture of community development .
2	* baghdad @-@ a roadside bomb wounded five people on the airport highway , in western baghdad , police said .
5	haroonur rasheed , a resident of a mountain village to the north of muzaffarabad , capital of pakistani kashmir , said the seven members of his family are sleeping rough , without a tent .
5	unhcr has begun erecting temporary tents instead to house those who had spontaneously settled on the camp outskirts .
9	the initiative seeks to integrate various sectors of society to improve nutrition and involves farmers ’ cooperatives , consumer associations , local and multinational businesses , health professionals , educators , lawyers , religious groups , human rights activists , development workers and politicians .
9 5	there has been a tremendous loss to standing crops and livestock , in addition to important infrastructure , including homesteads , feeder roads and market infrastructure , irrigation schemes , farm equipment and animal disease control facilities .
9	immediate relief was provided by many bringing in food aid , urea molasses blocks , water supply etc.
6 5	the upsurge of cholera cases is attributed to lack of clean water and proper sanitation facilities coupled with the current heavy rains and high population movement from neighboring countries .
5	the most recent eruption of mt . nyiragongo was in 1977 , when the lava flow covered 20 square kilometers , killed 2,000 people , and destroyed 400 houses and a 10-kilometre section of road .
9	as the desert spreads , thousands of families once dependent on farming traditional crops , like millet and sorghum , to feed themselves and earn a living are left unable to support themselves .
9	approximately 8,000 families have been seriously affected , crops of 20,000 acres were totally destroyed and four kilometres of metalled road damaged .
9	nusrat mai , a woman from the village of basti ghota near multan , told afp from a makeshift camp : " the floods have completely destroyed us , boats came to rescue us . . . we don't have food and we don't have anything . "
9 5	although the army has been mobilised and government teams have evacuated areas and are providing relief aid , people are in urgent need of food , clean water and shelter .
9	the world food programme had prepositioned stocks of rice and canned vegetables , as cyclones were predictable natural disasters in madagascar 's northern coastal towns .
6	state electricity company tenaga nasional said in a statement that progress restoring power had been hampered by rain and earth movements and that four of 16 transformers the slide affected had been put back online .
2	in sri lanka , the tamil tigers found women easier to infiltrate targets , he added , pointing to the 1991 assassination of former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi by a female suicide bomber .
6	the lack of clean drinking water and the lack of garbage collection are aggravating the threat of communicable diseases .
0	thousands of frightened nias residents are trying to flee the island through the main port in the capital gunung sitoli , hampering the return of iom 's truck-fleet , while upwards of 80 aid vehicles belonging to a wide variety of organizations languish in the mainland port of sibolga .
6 5	new delhi , aug 18 ( reuters ) @-@ the onset of monsoon rains in sri lanka is raising fears for the safety of thousands of war-displaced tamils after rain flooded camps , ruined shelters and caused sewage to overflow , aid workers said on tuesday .
6	workers of the hyderabad municipal corporation ( hmc ) and its water and sanitation agency ( wasa ) seemed helpless as water accumulated in the low-lying areas could not be drained out because stormwater drains were already overflowing .
9	adequate rainfall , improved security in the south and most of the east and agricultural rehabilitation helped to compensate for a lack of fertilizers and damage caused by floods in some areas , an unusually cold and snowy winter , the devastating earthquakes and continuing conflict .
5	the international organization for migration on monday began moving the bulk of the manufacturing process for thousands of its semi-permanent housing units to banda aceh .
9	it has also earmarked 15 million yuan to subsidize farmers buying irrigation equipment .
6	high winds have continued , causing power outages across the southern region .
5	while on the visit of the village after the storm , the prime minister edward lowasa called on the people to build stronger structures for safer housing of their families and plant more trees that would act as wind breakers during stormy weather .
5	many lost their homes when the huge waves swept ashore on march 11 , killing 20,000 people and grinding whole neighbourhoods into matchwood .
0	they have airlifted 6,000 people from rooftops and trees in several days of shuttle flights .
9	geddo was shown a nearby cemetery with dozens of graves of people who had died in the past three months from malnutrition and from drinking unclean water .
9	local governments were urged to take measures to combat droughts and floods in major grain production bases and to step up monitoring of freak weather .
0	to date , a total of 39 people suffering from ebola or having had a high risk exposure to the virus , have been medically evacuated to europe .
2	according to the report , haider is expected to discuss the plight of afghan refugees fleeing pakistan to escape drought and hunger , as well as an extradition request for pakistanis who have joined the taliban @-@ many of whom are accused of carrying out sectarian attacks within pakistan .
6	in indonesia , there are serious concerns about water and sanitation in various camps and relocation sites throughout nanggroe aceh darussalam ( nad ) .
5	the earthquake rocked the region around 6 a.m. saturday killing more than 5,100 people , seriously injuring 6,500 and leaving 200,000 homeless , according to the indonesian government .
9	bihar has vast areas of cultivation lands and the clayey soil prevents water from easily seeping in to the ground , delaying the drying process .
5	many people have moved into newly-constructed houses , de-silted land and cleared irrigation canals .
5	azerbaijan , baku , june 1 @/@ trend m. aliyev @/@ zagatala , which in early may was hit by a strong earthquake , will have new homes built and delapidated homes restored , azerbaijani emergencies minister kamaladdin heydarov told reporters on friday .
5	dubai , 30 january 2008 ( irin ) @-@ well over half the roughly 5,000 people made homeless by an earthquake which struck southern kyrgyzstan on 1 january are still living in tents and trying to survive harsh wintry conditions , aid officials say .
9	across the board , households are spending a higher proportion of their limited incomes on their food needs ; they are consuming smaller quantities , less frequently ; and they are eating cheaper and in many ( but by no means all ) cases , less nutritious foods .
6	i was interested in getting a solar power generation system for my house , but there was no way that i could afford it .
9	it contained recommendations both for meeting immediate short-term needs and longer-term global food security , focusing on smallholder farmers in developing countries , a group that held the greatest potential for increasing agricultural production .
5	" the water level has gone down in some places but still people are not able to stay in the houses which are collapsed and thatched sheds which are wet .
6	redd seeks to create a financial value for the carbon stored in forests , offering incentives for developing countries to reduce emissions from forested lands and invest in low-carbon paths to sustainable development .
9 5	we have also been able to deliver large amounts of shelter , food and hygiene materials to the affected people to help them get through the next few weeks as the rain buckets down . "
9	crop varieties are unique in the nutrients they require and the pests they attract .
5	this year , however , the idea of permanent resettlement appears to be gaining currency as villagers , weary at the prospect of rebuilding razed homes and livelihoods from scratch , throw in the towel and resolve to stay on terra firma , at least most of the time .
6	mr masisi suggested that goo-kodisa vicinity to thamaga coupled with the fact that a pump station is being constructed at the same makes thamaga an ideal point to connect goo-kodisa .
9	fao warned that other red sea and gulf of aden countries could face important infestations of the cropdevouring insects this winter due to unusually good rains and favorable ecological conditions .
6 9	the ccrif is also considering developing an insurance programme for electric utilities in the region to guard against wind damage and an insurance scheme that would allow governments to cover farmers against crop damage caused by weather-related disasters .
6	thursday the 26 th : an air force plane , chartered by the aeci , with material acquired by it : two water-purifying systems able to treat 3000 litres @/@ hour , with their trailers , and two large electrical generators , and 100 blankets donated by tragsa .
9	since considerable damage occurred to agricultural land , village roads and drinking water tube wells , act @/@ lws india identified urgent needs for installation of shallow tube wells , agriculture land reclamation , restoration of village link roads and de-silting of water sources on a priority basis under food for work schemes .
5	more than 75,000 people died and another 3.5 million were rendered homeless when a devastating earthquake ripped through parts of northern pakistan on 8 october last year .
0	next door in low-lying bangladesh , criss-crossed by a network of 230 rivers , at least 38 people have died in the past few days and 4.5 million were displaced as flood waters rose in the north and centre , officials said .
9	most of the subsistence farmers have lost one harvest and are still dependent on outside assistance .
0	since the earthquake centered on wenchuan county , sichuan province , 84,017 survivors had been rescued from the debris , more than 2.04 million injured hospitalized and 15.1 million people relocated to safe areas .
9	in xai-xai , a small city about 90 miles from maputo , the team contributed food to the national flood relief effort .
0	the flood control headquarters said some 269,000 people in 62 townships in zhangjiajie city have been evacuated because of the flooding threat .
6	the country 's railway and electricity networks , added the appeal , have also been devastated and need urgent repairs .
9	the lack of accurate data is unsurprising given the secretive nature of the authoritarian regime , which is blamed for grossly mismanaging the economy and contributing to the famine .
6	many nonnuclear electricity generating stations ( natural gas , hydro , etc. ) also shut down , particularly in the northeast of japan .
5	heavy rain flooded basements of the houses and washed away domestic animals .
2	dina kawar ( jordan ) said that the sahel had become a fertile ground for terrorism and the al ‑ qaida , the boko haram , and other terrorist groups had taken advantage of that .
5	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ at least 21 people were killed as their houses collapsed after heavy rains accompanied by strong winds lashed several parts of the northern indian state of uttar pradesh , news reports said sunday .
9	what tearfund is doing to help seven tearfund partners in burkina faso , chad , mali and niger are responding to the food crisis , helping crop growers and livestock producers with emergency measures .
5	the first batch of tents was distributed in schuckmansburg ( 40 tents ) and kasika ( 23 tents ) on friday and on sunday in impalila island ( 44 tents ) by helicopter and cargo plane with the support of the zimbabwe air force .
6 9	freaky winter storms have plagued southern china since mid-january , leading to widespread traffic jams , structural collapse , blackouts and crop loss in 21 provincial-level regions .
9	overstretched aid agencies are helping , but people still have to make concessions , whether it is risking their safety to gather firewood outside the camp or trading their food rations for medicine when a child falls sick .
9	some of the roughly 250,000 people who fled their homes in 1999 have since returned , but there are still 100,000 to 120,000 people who live under difficult conditions away from their places of origin , unable to ensure their own nutritional security .
9	in addition , about 32 tons of food was pre-positioned to meet the expected needs in case of flooding after the snow melts in chaghcharan city , the capital of ghor province .
5	in turkana , one of the worst affected areas , hundreds of homes have been washed away by floods or buried under landslides .
9	" we are already distributing cooked food and rations among 100,000 in the district , " he said .
0	evacuees said they would return home only if the government officially stated that it was safe to do so , as they continue to feel mild tremors .
5	sri lanka has built about 50,000 temporary shelters for families displaced by the tsunami , while tens of thousands of people are still living with family and friends , but fewer than 5,000 permanent houses have been completed .
6	oxfam 's teams will also build latrines , continue to provide clean water , and explore ways of helping quake survivors rebuild their livelihoods .
5	this unit , accompanied , by a consignment of temporary shelter material and other supplies , was loaded aboard a french navy frigate .
0 5	as per latest cmo informed about 2000 families ( 15000-20000 individuals ) from highly hazardous seismic zones of 11 villages , tehsil muzaffarabad will be evacuated @/@ relocated to the existing camps .
6	most of the 6,000 displaced people are living in camps , some , just a few meters from the banks of river nzoia without latrines and clean water .
0	the government has been evacuating patients to more distant cities to relieve overcrowding .
9	the victims are said to be suffering from conditions such kwashiorkor , a condition that comes about as a result of a high calory intake and protein deficiency of food and marasmus , which is a deficiency of both protein and energy in food .
5	thousands of people along burma 's eastern border states have been forced to remain in makeshift shelters after days of heavy rains triggered widespread flooding , which observers say was the most severe in two decades .
0	in the southwestern municipality of chongqing , home to 32 million people , an explosion at a chemical plant this week forced the evacuation of 6,000 riverside residents amid fears of benzene contamination , the southern metropolis daily reported .
5	aziz said the first tent village in quake-ravaged muzaffarabad would be set up in the next couple of days .
5	q : given the deplorable conditions and reports coming out of the jalozai refugee settlement , surely your government may want to reconsider its position about establishing further camps in pakistan ?
9	in moyale , rains continued to fall forcing businessmen to charter planes from nairobi as shortage of essential food stuffs like sugar , cooking oil and maize flour continued to bite .
5	thankfully they escaped uninjured , but their house , shop , fishing equipment and all their belongings were completely swept away by the waves .
9	( b ) wfp is running dangerously low on food to assist angolan refugees in namibia , with a corn-soya blend pipeline break expected in june and breaks for virtually all other commodities in the food basket , including the staple maize meal , in july .
5	the city , 100 km northeast of islamabad , was virtually flattened by the earthquake .
9	care is planning long-term assistance to communities by helping to treat contaminated water sources so people have access to clean water , and by providing vegetable seed so farmers can plant new crops to replace the ones they lost .
6 9 5	the true scale of destruction of agricultural land , homes , sewage systems , schools and livelihood is not yet know , but the un is appealing for £ 290m to help fund its efforts alongside the pakistan government in coming months .
2	isayas told the general that eritrea had been a victim of terrorism for the past 10 years and its support for the fight against terror " emanates from its national interest " .
5	the 7.8 magnitude april 25 earthquake and a powerful aftershock on may 12 claimed the lives of over 8,800 people , destroyed 600,000 homes and damaged a further 280,000 in 14 districts , including the capital kathmandu .
9	this leaves a deficit of 1.47 million tonnes , of which 1.37 million tonnes need to be covered by food aid and concessional imports .
9	the beneficiaries have not received fishing boats from the government or other organisations and have been subsisting on food and cash handouts since the tsunami struck .
9	ethiopians generally are constrained to the consumption of the commonly cultivated crops and neglect wild plants like amaranthus and solanium khasianum which have clearly demonstrated their production potential in pocket areas of the country .
5	ms rolnik also drew attention to the growing number of homeless persons in the indian capital and the demolitions of homeless shelters , stressing that the preparation for the 2010 commonwealth games seems to be " one of the factors behind the closing down of a number of shelters . "
6	mercy malaysia has also distributed hygiene kits to more than 1,500 families this year and has begun projects of installing latrines , hand-pumps and water filtration systems to villages in the sindh province .
9 5	last winter a wave of unusually cold weather saw temperatures fall to -25=bac and more than 150 people die in one week , says dr wahdati , who fears the combination of cold , increasing malnutrition and overcrowding this year could have a devastating impact .
9	irrigation systems are needed to grow more food and fight poverty and hunger , but they can serve as breeding sites for mosquitoes that transmit malaria .
9	an indonesian navy vessel delivered donated rice , noodles , biscuits , some medicines and clothing to sirombu .
0	i had thought the entire village evacuated , but when we reached the high ground , about 20 to 30 people were missing .
6	people come to see a huge barge @-@ an electrical power generating station .
6	the outbreak is attributed to poor hygiene and improper sewerage that have led to the contamination of water and food with the cholera bacterium , vibrio cholerae .
9	how heavily the economy will be affected is unclear , but major industrial areas were affected , as well as bohemia 's agricultural heartland .
9	preliminary assessments indicate that infestations of quelea birds which have been reported over the past few months do not seem to have greatly affected crop prospects .
9 5	whole villages have been destroyed and winter crops have failed in the unseasonably cold weather .
0	last year , torrential rains triggered landslides in bududa district , killing 300 people and forcing thousands to abandon their homes in the mountainous villages of nametsi , kubehwo and namangasa .
6	under such circumstance , ceci nepal 's wash initiative plays a significant role in availing earthquake affected people with clean drinking water and toilet facility to combat the possible outbreak of the contagious disease .
5	but a spontaneous settlement in karabulak was completely flooded with water and mud , and many of the 400 displaced people living there have lost belongings and food .
6	referring to the new construction in the earthquake affected areas particularly due to frequent aftershocks , the chairman erra said the whole new construction and structure in the affected areas would be " earthquake resistance " and with proper heating system .
6 5	* care has launched household ( houses , latrines , waste disposal ) and village rehabilitation ( community centers , water systems , small economic activity development , watershed management and irrigations systems activities ) in three blocks of kutch district : anjar , rapar and bhachau .
6	guillermo redoblado , spokesman for the national grid corporation , said it would take two to three days to repair at least five major lines after cables and wires were cut on tuesday night by falling trees , posts and strong winds .
6	hundreds of fishing boats caught in the cyclone failed to return to shore , while trees and power poles were uprooted , disrupting communication and electricity supplies .
5	with millions of people left homeless in the southern province of sindh , where goal is working , the aid agency has also procured tens of thousands of family survival kits containing such items as plastic sheeting for shelter , sleeping mats , soap , cooking utensils , cutlery and other essential items .
6 9	about three-quarters of households in the area harvested nothing , according to albertina hilda namafo , a volunteer with development aid from people to people ( dapp ) , an ngo that uses community health workers to educate the local population about health and sanitation practices .
6	we also installed two water taps and roof gutters , cleared land for a playground , established organic gardens and a composting program , and helped school officials instill a new cleanliness ethic with handwashing posters and a student-led committee on hygiene .
6	the system in chokwe has no backup generators and therefore had no water supply during this period .
6	the falling reservoir levels placed a heavy burden on thermal power generation .
9 5	in northeastern afghanistan , huge mudslides and powerful aftershocks are terrifying quake survivors huddling without food or shelter in the mountains .
9	the source explained that the provided assistance was estimated to be about 2,280 tons of corn in addition to a large amount of drugs and medicines .
9	according to local farmers , the fruit gardens closest to kabul did not yield at all , reflecting the devastation that is happening on a much more dangerous scale in the south and west of the country .
0 5	according to media reports , in andhra pradesh , 150 people have been killed as a result of the monsoon storm and landslides , and 85,000 have been evacuated and are housed in temporary relief camps .
5	another ocha shipment containing 6,760 quilted blankets , 150 tents , 6 plastic rolls , and 5,240 emergency drinking water kits with filter donated by norway is expected later today .
6	flood waters inundated the county seat on monday , disrupting power and water supplies and telecommunication services in several towns , it said .
6	the earthquake and tsunami also destabilized the daiichi nuclear power station in fukushima , causing reactors to overheat and leak radiation .
5	( 5 ) promotion of earthquake resistant houses for reconstruction
6	the agency 's medical and relief staff plan an outreach campaign focused on sanitation issues in the region , where doctors report an increase in gangrene and diarrhea days after the quake .
6	in bihar in northern india , children have reportedly been swimming and bathing in dirty flood waters contaminated by corpses , dead livestock , and waste , while others have been drinking from the stagnant pools .
9	in togo , 60,000 people are in need of urgent food assistance , according to preliminary assessments , but figures could be higher as information from inaccessible areas is being collected .
9	we will ensure that adequate quantities of foodgrains and other essential commodities are available in the state and that agricultural seeds of the desired variety are also available , " he added .
9 5	" a little further west , faryab province has experienced both landslides and floods that are damaging homes , cattle and affecting hundreds of families , " said ms henry .
6 5	the storms damaged hundreds of thatched houses , cut off villages and left many without electricity .
0	defence medical services the norwegian defence medical services @/@ military medical education and competence centre ( muks ) have assisted the civil authorities both with advice and with operational support in connection with the preparation and execution of the medical evacuation tasks .
5	they stressed their common position that israeli settlements , the separation barrier built anywhere in the occupied palestinian territory , home demolitions and evictions are illegal under international law and constitute obstacles for peace and they endanger the viability of the two-state solution .
5	many villages flooded in sokuluk district due to rising water level in sokuluk river .
2 0	the majority of the 1.2 million idps in darfur who fled their homes earlier this year after arab militias launched a scorched-earth campaign of violence and intimidation against a mainly muslim african civilian population perceived to be rebel sympathizers .
5	swollen by torrential monsoon rains , major rivers have flooded pakistan 's mountain valleys and fertile plains , killing up to 1,600 people and leaving two million homeless .
2	the bamako government and various rebel groups , mostly tuareg but also including arab organisations , are seeking to resolve a decades-old conflict which created a power vacuum in the desert north that was exploited by al-qaeda .
9	sc continues to play an important role in the nutrition sector by taking a lead in co-ordination and on the nutrition surveillance task force and in food security meetings .
9	farmers usually grow the plant for animal fodder but also consume it times food scarcity .
9	without such assistance , increasing childhood malnutrition and mortality are anticipated .
2	combating islamist violence is expected to be high on the agenda as the secretary-general holds talks with president muhammadu buhari , whose inauguration in may sparked a massive upsurge in jihadist attacks .
2	the operation was conducted amid published reports that ltte suicide cadres were targeting top political figures in the capital .
5	the children were quite exposed to the cold weather and had to sleep on the wet and swampy terrain with no warm clothing . "
9	the namibian government , with the help of a pilot climate change adaptation project run by the un development programme ( undp ) , is providing improved millet seeds that fruit earlier , and teaching water conservation farming techniques .
9	in order to strengthen the island communities against disasters , the british red cross plans to run health and hygiene campaigns on the safe management of water and sanitation , and aim to educate people in varying the nutrient content in their diets so their health is more resilient .
9	availability of sufficient seed and other planting material to restart crop production on the agricultural lands of afghanistan .
0	downstream in thatta , the towns of sujawal , daro and mirpur batoro , with a combined population of 400,000 , were ordered evacuated after the swollen indus river broke through an embankment early thursday morning .
0 5	it also envisages the preparation of alert activities , and population warning on occurance of disasters , the identification of evacuation routes and accomodation centres , the inventory of existing means and their strategic location , and the determination of additional resources necessary for a prompt response and mitigating actions .
5	( c ) 24 houses were destroyed and 7 damaged when a high tidal wave struck the coasts of la union on 8 september .
9	the food voucher program will provide short-term food security while farmers rebuild and enhance their livelihoods by preparing for the next rainy season .
9	in the early stages of the flooding , before the roads became impassable , hagar received trickles of food by donkey cart from afmadow or kismayo , which could take as long as several days .
9	the country is , however , experiencing a shortage of maizemeal , even in supermarkets .
5	some 400,000 idps had sheltered there at the time .
9	meanwhile , back at the eid gha displaced persons camp , residents continue to line up to receive their monthly wfp food ration @-@ knowing all too well the importance it holds .
6	a few feet away from where a young woman sat baking chapattis , a child was splashing in a bath of stinking , tepid water , with swarms of flies buzzing around human faeces lying in the open nearby .
9	yet in the midst of the international community ’ s response to this spike in regional instability , the sahel faced a serious humanitarian crisis in 2012 brought on by a severe drought and failed harvests that put 18.7 million people at risk for food insecurity , including one million children at risk of severe acute malnutrition .
5	cyclones eline and gloria killed 150 people as rivers burst their banks , flooding homes and small farms and triggering mudslides .
5	" the engineers have trained thousands of people to build and design their houses in accordance with new building codes and standards based on land studies and seismic survey , " he said .
5	corrugated iron-roofed huts now dot the hillsides in rural areas where the sound of hammers and shovels ring out , and many villagers have started laying concrete foundations for the future .
9	a who nutrition expert is conducting a more in-depth assessment on the situation , so as to identify more comprehensive approaches to improve the nutrition deficiency problems affecting the population .
0	" all residents in tsunami evacuation zones . . . should evacuate immediately , " the emergency department said .
5	new homes under construction
9	the poor rains resulted in below-average crop production and weak recovery of rangeland conditions .
6 9 5	since then , more than 9 million people have been directly affected by the cyclone which caused extensive damages to houses , water and sanitation infrastructures , harvests , food stocks and livelihoods , also killing livestock and destroying fishing material and other income generating assets .
6	concerns about the spread of water-borne diseases are also growing as rain continues to pound the ethiopian highlands .
9	associated press reports that road crews have repaired a flood-damaged road along the limpopo river , enabling trucks to deliver food and relief supplies to chiacalane , 120 miles north of maputo .
5	makeshift tent cities have sprung up made up of plastic awnings , old signboards and a few real tents .
5	" i found myself neck deep in water when the gigantic waves engulfed the area , " he recalls sampath managed to swim to safety but watched his home and garden being swept away by the swirling waters .
6 9	health workers say clean water and sanitation , immunization against diseases such as measles , and supplemental feeding are urgently needed .
6 9 5	impacts include damage to pumping equipment , crops , irrigation schemes , villages and livestock ( fao ) .
0	following a joint pakistan and afghanistan contingency planning exercise facilitated by unhcr geneva in june 2000 , a contingency plan for afghanistan has been formulated to forecast possible population displacement as a result of drought and armed conflict .
9	2.2 in addition to the 250,000 tons of cereals and blended food required under emop 6218 , a budget revision was approved to add 2,900 tons of vegetable oil and 600 tons of biscuits .
9	nationally more than three million people are at risk of hunger following successive droughts and swarms of locusts that stripped sparse vegetation bare across the arid country last year , according to nigerien authorities .
6 5	they are currently constructing walkways and drainage systems in camps as well as temporary shelter areas .
9	prime minister nguyen tan dung has signed a decision to provide relief of vnd80 billion ( us $ 4.7 million ) , as well as 6,600 tons of husked rice and 500 tons of seed rice to eight flood-stricken provinces .
0	evacuation : concern will facilitate the voluntary evacuation of households that are found to be in need .
5	with flood-hit families whose houses were totally damaged yet to be rehabilitated , it appears that the government will take some time before it disburses the money as obtained under the norms .
0 5	in the neighboring province of fujian , continuous heavy rains since may 30 have claimed the lives of 22 people and destroyed 19,000 homes , forcing the evacuation of more than 50,000 people .
2	from that perspective , the recent trends in the overall security situation , which included the taliban reunification movement , a shift in terrorist tactics to focusing on " soft targets " , and expansion of opium production were of grave concern and needed the serious consideration of the international community .
2	“ the members of the security council reiterate their call to member states to assist the settlement of the crisis in mali and , in particular , to provide assistance to the malian defence and security forces in order to reduce the threat posed by terrorist organizations and associated groups , ” the council members said .
9	the food basket that they received previously has been partially reduced with refugees receiving half rations of rice , beans and supercereal ( a fortified corn soya blend ) while maintaining complete rations of oil and salt .
9	vtv showed pictures of famished villagers swamping relief helicopters as they landed .
5	situation : torrential rains from late may until early june have triggered flooding which has turned vast areas of southern china into muddy lakes , razed mountain villages and destroyed more than 76,000 housing units .
6 9	low rains have ravaged india 's rice , cane sugar and groundnut crops , and have disrupted the flow of water into the main reservoirs that are vital for hydropower generation and winter irrigation .
9	( b ) as the food security situation in zimbabwe continues to decline rapidly , serious pipeline ruptures are foreseen by the end of the year .
6	by benard ogembo nakuru town and its environs are sitting on a health time bomb , with its inefficient and leaking sewers discharging untreated effluent into the environment .
2	u.s. state department spokesman p. j. crowley said the group was designated a " foreign terrorist organization " because " it is a threat to the united states but most importantly a threat to pakistan itself . "
9 5	crops and food stocks have been totally destroyed , homes demolished and the infrastructure wiped out .
9	katy migiro nairobi , nov 17 ( thomson reuters foundation ) @-@ aid workers in somalia , which faces worsening hunger three years after famine struck the country , believe the humanitarian system is " rotten " and are hamstrung by fears of being prosecuted for aiding terrorists , an expert said .
0	this helped in preventing separation of children . . . as families had to rush out to escape from gushing floodwaters , " says ms. gul .
9 5	as the deadly flooding recedes , relief efforts have now shifted to caring for families without shelter , food or clean water .
6	approximately 32,000 households suffered temporary blackouts yesterday in south gyeongsang as the inclement weather toppled utility poles and trees , cutting power lines .
6	norad , the norwegian development cooperation agency , has funded the establishment of low flush latrines for most of the households in the visited areas .
5	instead of providing emergency shelter in public buildings which the indian government closed , collective centres were set up which also provided material for provisional shelters .
9	the five-year , $ 540 million compact includes a project to improve agricultural productivity in the senegal river valley , the country ’ s rice production heartland , by improving the performance of the irrigation systems in the delta valley and ngalenka perimeter .
9	the british red cross has already allocated £ 75,000 from its disaster fund to provide emergency food for over 130,000 displaced families , and water purification tablets and drugs to treat waterborne diseases for 198,000 people in bangladesh .
9 5	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
6	there are several community water taps , but residents complain of lack of adequate toilets , which are usually clogged with water and waste during the rainy season .
9	urban and rural poverty was acute , the eiu said , and the country was currently facing severe food shortfalls , partly due to drought but also to long-term erosion of food security and general living standards .
6	aai provided twelve voltage stabilizers epi vaccination centers to enable them to operate their medicine fridges at constant temperature .
5	more than 300 houses have been destroyed or have had their roofs blown off .
0 9	some of the roughly 250,000 people who fled their homes in 1999 have since returned , but there are still 100,000 to 120,000 people who live under difficult conditions away from their places of origin , unable to ensure their own nutritional security .
5	while most of the camps have mud houses instead of tents , the stench of human faeces permeates the air .
5	he said that the shelter response to recent disasters had , among other things , demonstrated that efforts to provide a range of in situ non-tent-based emergency shelter options had proven effective in protecting people ’ s housing , land and property , providing survivors with constructive engagement , and rebuilding self-confidence following disaster .
9	the five states own 80 % of the country 's fish aquaculture ponds and 26 % of the shrimp aquaculture ponds .
9	balakot @-@ with helicopters grounded by low cloud , rain and snow and many roads still blocked by landslides , the united nations world food programme ( wfp ) has begun using packhorses and mules to bring emergency rations to survivors of the 8 october earthquake in remote mountain areas in pakistan and pakistani-administered kashmir .
9	outbreaks of fmd , which affects cattle , and peste des petits ruminants ( ppr ) , which affects goats and sheep , would therefore hit both the households ' immediate source of food and its medium-term source of emergency funds .
5	the earthquake , that has killed at least 30,000 people and injured many more , has left over 2.5 million people homeless .
9 5	since then , excessive rains have mitigated the anticipated improvements in food security , especially in the eastern pastoral areas where the adverse impacts of flooding include displacement of households , upsurge in water and vector borne diseases , limited access to markets , impassable roads and loss of life .
6	hundreds of fishing boats caught in the cyclone failed to return to shore , while trees and power poles were uprooted , disrupting communication and electricity supplies .
5	the storm , which struck the eastern state on october 29 and 30 with wind gusts up to 300 kilometres per hour ( 188 miles an hour ) , left millions homeless and flooded vast areas of the state .
5	a widow named sudarna and her four young sons live in a in a three-by-three metre shack in an informal camp down the hill from the fortress .
9	at a press conference during the inter-governmental consultative committee on drought and food security in arid and semi-arid counties , ms waiguru had said the affected people required food aid over the next six months to avert a looming famine disaster .
9	unicef has allocated a total of us $ 1,235,400 to treat children with severe and acute malnutrition , and to reduce the effects of household food insecurity .
9 5	pakistan air force has delivered 1,63,000 kg of relief cargo including tents , blankets , dry ration , medicines in the disaster stricken muzaffarabad and adjacent areas during last six days . the relief activities was undertaken by various paf transport aircrafts that include y-12 , c-130 , casa and mi-17 helicopters .
5	fire-fighters brought under control blazes that had threatened another munitions dump and the unexploded ordnance scattered across the disaster zone of debris , crumbled homes and twisted corrugated iron roofs .
9	while the farms grow fresh fruits and vegetables for export , health centers in hunyu 's village continue to treat diseases related to nutritional deficiency .
9	the report analyses five situations affecting livelihoods : ( 1 ) high variations in cereal production ; ( 2 ) deterioration in grazing conditions ; ( 3 ) depressed production of cash crops ; ( 4 ) market access and ( 5 ) food price changes .
5	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
5	some 30 cottages have collapsed and some have even been swept away by rapti river in deukhuri , according to reports .
6	in addition , volunteers have been conducting disaster risk reduction ( drr ) trainings in 15 local schools , enhancing the capacity of sungai geringging 's future generations to cope with and mitigate the harmful effects of future disasters , and have built ten water catchment systems and six latrines .
5	recovery priorities in an estimated amount of us $ 2,8 million , include restoration of livelihood systems in poor coastal fisheries communities , restoration of shelter in poorer communities , coastal management and environmental rehabilitation .
6	the whole country suffered electricity shortage shortage and subsequent in water supplies in the major cities from night of 15 th .
9	there , our relief team has encountered numerous cases of severely undernourished children .
0 5	tens of thousands of residents of goma , a city in the northeast of the drc , who fled their homes for nearby rwanda on thursday as vast areas of the town were set ablaze by lava flows from an erupting volcano , started returning at dawn friday , an afp correspondent in the town reported .
5	some though have had to take their own evasive action , abandoning their homes and setting up makeshift tarpaulin shelters along the few raised dirt roads bisecting the floodplains .
6	washing has been arranged in 16 washing stations in decontamination-shower trailers , in all , 12,020 people , including 589 children , have been washed , ( over 24 hours – 3,204 people , including 69 children ) .
6 9	weak rains forced the federal government to divert power supplies to the countryside to irrigate rice and oilseed crops and limit damage , a move which threatens to worsen the summer power deficit that has plagued india for decades .
9	he said the prevalence of hiv was not only taking a toll in lost lives and reduced life expectancy , but also directly undermining the capacity of communities to produce enough food .
6	@-@ interagency working group position paper on water and sanitation : an interagency working group consisting of representatives from undp , unep , unicef , ifrc , mec , mwsa and who have prepared a position paper on sludge management , sea outfalls , septic tanks , ground water quality and biomedical waste .
6 0 5	due to the twin factors of non-water resistant tents and the lack of proper drainage some idps in trincomalee were relocated to school buildings last week .
9	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
9	in that regard , he said that plans related to vitamin a supplementation in food had been successfully implemented , as had plans aimed at broad-based eradication of preventable or readily treatable diseases .
5	" there is a big effort now on the part of the ministry of emergency , the government and donors to help establish more permanent structures , so they are looking into prefabricated housing "
5	moments earlier their simple mud-brick home had literally collapsed in front of them following a sudden cloudburst , burying what few possessions they had under a giant slab of still shifting clay .
6	one valid concern is that fecal matter from decomposing bodies may contaminate water .
9	( c ) the expanded operation will provide maize , beans , vegetable oil and blended fortified food .
5	damage was most severe in the delta region , where the effects of extreme winds were compounded by a sizable storm surge that destroyed an estimated 95 % of housing .
5	care staff are also distributing temporary shelter materials such as plastic sheets to provide immediate relief while other supplies are on the way .
0 5	as of tuesday , the local disaster mitigation agency had recorded 1,520 families in tempurejo district to have fled their homes , as well as 1,230 families in sumberbaru , 487 families in semboro , 230 in wuluhan , 40 in ambulu and 40 in jenggawah .
9	admissions of children with severe acute malnutrition to community-based therapeutic care ( ctc ) centres were also high in february with over 5,000 new admissions reported .
9	he said the government alone could not stand the cost of rehabilitating the area and appealed to ngos , international organisations , churches and donor agencies to help by providing food aid , building materials and drugs .
5	the rains have destroyed houses and important roads and installations near gold mining areas , " kahindi said by telephone from geita .
5	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
2	reporters sans frontieres ( rsf ) , a french group protecting the rights of journalists , condemns the attack in august on the prominent journalist , sergei duvanov , calling for a full investigation .
6	“ i want to urge the public to wash their hands before handling food and to maintain clean toilets , ” dr mwaura said .
9	a representative from champion rice warehouses told the irrawaddy on wednesday that pawsan mwe , burma 's highest quality long-grain rice , had shot up in price since the may 2-3 disaster .
6	in a country like chad , with very few paved roads , extremely weak infrastructures and indigent and unreliable electricity supply , challenges in these two domains are substantial .
9	areas of niger remain critically food insecure despite interventions by multiple relief organizations and the government of niger .
6 9	high chronic malnutrition rates indicate a worsening of the food security situation due to insufficient nutritious food , poor access to health facilities , inadequate water and sanitation facilities , poor maternal and child care and limited livelihood opportunities .
9	unicef is also organising the delivery of therapeutic and supplementary feeding for the drought affected population and providing support for the construction of hand-pump wells , water system repairs and bore hole drilling .
6	sanitation facilities and sewage treatment works were damaged .
9	drought during the april to june rainy season resulted in the lowest crop production for 17 years , with matters worsened by crop pests and diseases .
6	taiwan 's nuclear power stations were generating far below normal levels .
9	grass pea is a drought tolerant , high yielding nitrogen rich leguminous crop with high-quality protein and carbohydrate .
6	the lack of potable water , the stagnant putrid smelling water standing on roads and around homes , and lack of toilets together make up a deadly combination for the spread of epidemics .
6	they wove gabion cages to secure river banks and they took classes about how to keep themselves and their children healthy through improved hygiene and sanitation .
9	the food items comprising mainly of rice , milo , biscuits , noodles , milk , mineral water and canned tuna are part of the 1,500 tonnes of relief items that the singapore red cross had sent via a barge to nias on monday , 4 april .
6	the projects include toilets for quarantined homes , fuel for an electricity generator that helps pump treated water into a reservoir for use in the township and at the ebola treatment centres , funds for a group of ebola survivors to help raise awareness of the virus and for a local radio station to produce programmes in local languages .
0	nevertheless , some liberians have packed their belongings and boarded buses and taxis for cote d ' ivoire and ghana , where many have relatives .
9	172 hectares of banana plantations 106 classrooms destroyed ngoma
5	reports indicate that many villages in the more remote areas may have been completely obliterated , while others may have suffered 95 percent destruction .
6	according to the who , cholera , spread by contaminated water and food , is an acute intestinal infection caused by the bacterium vibrio cholera .
0 9 5	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
5	musharraf said he feels satisfied that in a brief period of time , hundreds and thousands seismically safe structures , including houses , hospitals , educational institutions , roads , bridges and water supply schemes have been reconstructed on the principal of " build back better " .
5	temperatures are dipping below freezing at night and survivors remain exposed to the elements , without shelter .
9	in 2011 , when warning signs indicated that another food crisis was emerging in niger and the sahel , concern launched an early intervention program that included cash transfers , reaching some 44,500 .
2	the absence of clear frontlines and identifiable opponents and the increasing use of terror tactics have made children more vulnerable , ” she said .
5	powerful waves also damaged 3 km of sea dike , many embankments , over 100 houses , two schools and 30 salt stocks .
9	many displaced people and other vulnerable people , meanwhile , could go hungry as winter looms and snow looks set to block aid deliveries .
0	( d ) measures to resettle destitutes , orphans and widows
5	the government 's transitional accommodation project ( tap ) in cooperation with unhcr and other agencies announced 18 march , that 10,000 transitional housing units are expected to be completed soon in ten affected districts .
9	family parcels : the tornadoes ripped up gardens and destroyed food caches of everyone in the path .
5	community aid abroad-oxfam responded immediately to the disaster by supplying emergency relief including blankets , cooking utensils and temporary shelter .
6	the tsunami also slammed into the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station , disabling cooling systems and leading to fuel meltdowns in three of the six units .
9 5	in the eastern state of orissa , at least 30,000 homeless people were living without food and water as heavy monsoon showers continued , officials said on monday .
6	the accompanying rains caused water logging in large parts of the kolkata city , while power supply remained erratic .
5	he survived only because he jumped into an underground shelter .
6	sudan 's health ministry is distributing chlorine to sterilise water , repairing latrines and spraying insecticides to try to stop the spread of cholera and malaria after the worst floods in living memory .
9	as such , the wfp and fao recommend a targeted food assistance between october 2001 and june 2002 for one million vulnerable people , particularly those in remote border areas and mountainous regions .
9	the flash floods that followed torrential monsoonal rains in north-west pakistan between 28 and 30 july have caused great loss of life and wide-spread damage to infrastructure , livestock and property in more than 100 villages .
6 9 5	chf 200,000 was released from the dref to start up the relief assistance , followed by an emergency appeal for over chf 2,000,000 chf which includes shelter and food , health , water and sanitation as well as the ongoing rescue and first aid .
9	amity will immediately provide tarpaulins and convenience foods to meet the urgent needs of affected people .
9	double-cropping should cease , to prevent disaster and loss from a water shortage .
0	madras , india , dec 30 ( afp ) @-@ tens of thousands of indians fled in panic thursday from coastal areas devastated by killer tsunamis after the authorities sounded a new alert , while aid workers struggled to bring relief to the living .
6	the irrigation department ’ s kamaladasa said that as of the last week of may , the bulk of the country ’ s major irrigation reservoirs were at between 30 to 40 percent capacity .
9	fao said the irregular and patchy rains since the beginning of the season have made zambia 's cereal crop prospects for 1999 @/@ 2000 uncertain .
9	the returnees were provided with unhcr 's standard repatriation package ( cash grant , plastic sheeting and wheat ) and tea .
9	“ the government of nigeria is committed to reaching more children with cmam , ” said linus awute , permanent secretary of the nigerian federal ministry of health , “ we cannot accept that nigerian children continue to die of malnutrition and that our potential future leaders should be diminished by its effects . ”
9	in addition , wfp assisted 2,300 vulnerable people facing severe food shortages in isolated areas recently affected by a snowstorm .
9	furthermore , due to excessive rains and repeated hailstorms , maize and teff crops have suffered serious damage , for instance in sokoru , gechi , metu and alle didu weredas .
5	rivers of slurry also destroyed and damaged homes homes in populated areas of the province , according to the un .
5	somalis who crossed into neighbouring countries are being accommodated in overcrowded refugee camps .
9 5	concern sent a charter flight carrying 42 tons of emergency supplies , including blankets , shelter material and cooking utensils , to aid those left without food and shelter following the eruption of the nyiragongo volcano ; the shipment arrived in kigali , the rwandan capital , and distributions followed shortly after .
5	the government is appealing for immediate assistance to the evacuees in the form of heated tents , blankets and cooking equipment .
6 9	the additional financing for the sindh on-farm water management project aims to improve the efficiency , reliability , and equity of irrigation water distribution at watercourse levels and enhance agricultural productivity .
5	the crm , together with the local civil authorities , has helped the french government 's action humanitaire france with erecting tents to provide shelter for the homeless .
6 9	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
9 5	@-@ short-term needs are food , medical services , clothing , house supplies like drinking water , candles , match boxes , utensils , beddings etc.
6	" fellows added that " the amounts of excreta and the lack of hygiene is of a scale that i have never had to deal with in 30 years of working in this sector . "
5	in ningbo city two houses collapsed including a workers ' dormitory but firefighters rescued all 12 trapped people .
6	the country ’ s sole electricity provider escom lost 35 percent of its power after shutting down two of its five power stations located on shire river after they were damaged by floodwaters .
6	a nationally coordinated decontamination effort is needed right now , including proper waste management .
6 9	under its strategic innovations and partnership ( strip ) unit set up in 2010 , mr has been working closely with sp to design and develop appropriate technologies to support emergency relief efforts and sustainable development projects at crises-stricken and rural areas , focusing on water and sanitation , food , shelter and clean energy .
9	nutrition champions the high point of the summit was the investiture of three illustrious nigerian citizens : the asagba of asaba , professor obi edozien ; the emir of argungu , alhaji samaila muhamadu meira ; and mrs maryam uwais as national nutrition champions to take the lead in advocating for improved nutrition in the country .
6	flooding in jakarta led to the shutdown of a power plant in muara karang on sat , 2 feb. , a northern part of the city , by state-owned electric company perusahaan listrik negara ( pln ) .
9	meanwhile , the world bank notes that border closures are driving up food prices in the affected countries , and it is magnifying the “ wave of fear ” ( both domestically and internationally ) that threatens a short-term impact ranging between 2 and 3 percentage of gdp of sierra leone , guinea and liberia .
9	the relief aids supplied to the flood victims were rice , soya bean , potatoes , aluminium pots , edible oils , packets of instant noodle , clothes , bottled water , mineral salt packets , enamal wares , and packets of fried rice .
9	as violence surges across somalia @-@ and cereal production turns out to be lower than originally forecast @-@ unicef fears that 2008 could be the worst-ever year for somalia 's children .
9	as well , just this morning , pepsico hosted a breakfast symposium on undernutrition with leading experts from the gates foundation , save the children , gain and valid international , all sitting along side pepsi reseachers and discussing new approaches to address global child undernutrition .
2	although sudan does not expect another us strike like the one in 1998 after bombings of us embassies in kenya and tanzania , sudanese officials are nonetheless cautious , added the news agency .
6 5	new healthcare facilities will include upgraded water and sanitation facilities , furniture , basic equipment , and infectious waste incinerators .
5	by the third week of june , the moegyo humanitarian foundation had provided more than $ 50,000 in relief assistance , most of which is helping to build temporary shelters , " budget huts " , with handy myanmar youth , a local volunteer group .
9	the objectives of the mission included assessing the impact of the current drought on food production and supply , to estimate cereal import requirements in 2000 @/@ 2001 marketing year including food aid and to estimate seed requirements for planting in the coming season .
5	on may 27 a massive earthquake struck the island of java , killing around 6,000 people , while hundreds of thousands of others were injured or made homeless .
0	additionally , we extend our heartfelt sympathy to all disaster victims and the sufferers who have forced to evacuate as a result of the crisis at the fukushima nuclear power plant .
9	in the severely affected districts of gurjaani and telavi in the kakheti region , 70-90 % of the sunflower crop is lost , there is a lack of wheat seed , rain-fed maize is only good for fodder , the quantity and quality of rain-fed grapes is low and there is an insect infestation .
9	the packages include drinking water , pre-cooked rice , noodles , soymilk cartons , crackers , flashlights and other emergency essentials .
5	* approximately 1,150 houses have sustained category ii damage , meaning significant structural repairs .
5	last year , torrential rains triggered landslides in bududa district , killing 300 people and forcing thousands to abandon their homes in the mountainous villages of nametsi , kubehwo and namangasa .
5	around 6,000 people live in cramped concrete and corrugated zinc houses .
5	the most affected populations are poor people living in areas not designated for housing , such as squatter areas .
9	unicef recently donated 300 kilograms of unimix , the high-protein porridge , as well as essential medicines to local health authorities in establishing the center .
2	karachi , june 13 ( afp ) @-@ a bomb injured three people wednesday as pakistan 's commercial hub of karachi was paralysed by a protest strike following a night of anti-government violence in which two people died .
9	commodities yet to be resourced to avoid a pipeline break include 61,000 tons of cereals , 7,000 tons of pulses , 7,000 tons of corn-soya milk , 3,500 tons of sugar and 3,000 tons of oil .
9	the agency urged all parties to the conflict to respect international humanitarian law and make all efforts to minimize civilian casualties , while ensuring that the flow of aid to famine zones is not affected .
9	almost every day , the clinic dispenses monthly rations of plumpy ’ sup , a peanut butter-based ready-to-eat paste packed with vitamins , minerals and other micronutrients specifically designed to treat moderately malnourished children under five — speeding the recovery of those afflicted as well as preventing the onset among those threatened .
5	unhcr in medan is in the process of undertaking a needs assessment before supplying additional tents , as well as other nfis such as stoves , plastic sheets , kitchen sets , hurricane lanterns and blankets .
6	the world bank group funds have been providing support to more than 18,000 schools as they have reopened , including through ensuring cleaning and sanitizing of schools , building or repairing handwashing stations and water points in schools , and training teachers to use thermometers .
5	the rains , which broke 30 year records in mombassa , caused floods , landslides , washed away bridges and houses , damaged roads and disrupted water supplies .
9	jean harman | peace corps | for 50 years , peace corps volunteers have worked side by side with rural communities to promote sustainable agriculture and infant and young child nutrition .
0	when a cyclone hits people are forced to move out to community shelters or to relatives ' homes , bringing with them only vital items such as blankets and food .
9	@-@ an easing of the living conditions of rural populations by enabling them to acquire staple foodstuffs at favourable ;
5	the jiangsu red cross is also distributing medicines and tents , of rmb 375,000 worth , to 5 most affected prefectures to help prevent outbreak of water-borne epidemics .
9	much of the population rely on milk production for important nutrients , but the lack of green fodder has drastically reduced this , and will exacerbate the chronic malnutrition and imbalance of diet .
9	the japan committee for unicef and unicef have also been helping distribute nutrition supplements with partners , a particular need as prolonged stays at evacuation centres are resulting in insufficient or unbalanced diets .
0 5	on tuesday the head of national disaster operations , bonventure wendo , said raging floods had forced thousands of people living in high-density slums in nairobi to move to higher grounds .
9	" with yesterday 's request from the government , and working in close co-operation with government agencies , we can immediately begin providing ready-to-eat foods for distribution to the victims . "
6	cuttack and bhubaneswar experienced frequent power cuts starting from friday night with power distributor cesu snapping supply as a precautionary measure .
0 5	thousands have been evacuated , with 1,300 now in 43 temporary shelters across the island .
9	the current stock of dry skimmed milk will be finished during march 2005 .
0	water conservation authorities have started to evacuate the residents living at the drainage area of the reservoirs to avoid further calamities .
6	caritas internationalis is appealing for € 3,684,050 ( $ 5 million us ) to build water and sanitation facilities in a new refugee camp outside of dadaab , kenya , near the somali border .
9	therefore , we request all our supporters and friends to please consider donating for these emergency food relief aids for flood victims .
5	pakistan air force has delivered 1,63,000 kg of relief cargo including tents , blankets , dry ration , medicines in the disaster stricken muzaffarabad and adjacent areas during last six days . the relief activities was undertaken by various paf transport aircrafts that include y-12 , c-130 , casa and mi-17 helicopters .
6	save the children has been working with volunteers to build sandbag walls and divert water away from homes , and is working to improve sanitation facilities in the communities .
5	rains in mozambique triggered flash floods in parts of malawi 's resort district of mangochi , destroying over 100 homes , district commissioner timothy chirwa told reuters by telephone .
6	restoring basic municipal services such as waste management ( in the city of banda aceh ) ; and
9	@-@ agriculture : rice paddies completely lost : 67ha ; rice paddies affected 109ha , cornfields completely lost : 1,3ha ; damaged aquaculture farms : 1,22ha ; fish was washed away : 900kg ; areas of rice paddies with eroded land and completely lost : 8,2ha .
5	fifteen villages have been destroyed by molten lava flowing from mount nyiragongo and a third of the city of goma is reported to be on fire .
5	in the maldives the ifrc coordinated the construction of an entire community on dhuvaafaru an uninhabited island in the raa atoll .
6	lds has received reports of damage to school roofs , clinics and toilets in their operational area , in addition to roads , bridges and electrical transformers , which has severely hampered communications .
6	the state council also put emphasis on the efforts to restore hydropower facilities , saying priority should be given to the reconstruction and repair of reservoirs , dams , rural water supply systems , irrigation , hydrology and water resources .
5	the wildfires spread to the villages in the verkhnemamonovsky and levoberezhny districts near voronezh , destroying 129 and 85 houses , respectively .
9	( nairobi , 25 october , 2012 ) – as has been the tradition since 2002 , the un family for the 10 th time honored gudliye farm with the un in kenya award 2012 , for its outstanding effort to eradicate food insecurity through embracing modern dryland farming as an alternative means of livelihood in daadab , north eastern province , a predominantly dry area .
5	nearly 290,000 people around the country have been forced to seek shelter in relief camps , ndma said in figures published on its website .
5	the strong earthquake which shook the indian subcontinent on the morning of 26 january 2001 , india 's republic day , caused devastating damage in the western indian state of gujarat .
5	it 's a new concept for most of the people along the coastal belt who until the cyclone hit , had been living in mud houses with straw roofs .
6	it added that a drop in hydropower supplies from the cahora bassa dam to south africa has meant that south africa must use more expensive electriciy from its thermal power stations .
6	in south darfur , the icrc , through a contractor , continues to support the government-run sania deleba health clinics in nyala by expanding their examination rooms and renovating latrines .
2	taliban and opposition soldiers also exchanged heavy gunfire in the eastern province of kunar , but fighting had scaled down since fierce clashes on monday , opposition sources said .
0	in addition , ocha reports that more than 600,000 people have been evacuated while another 1 million remain stranded in flooded areas .
6 5	pwj will target 30 villages in ingapu township and plan to distribute equipment @/@ tools for cleaning and repairing damaged houses , repair and improve water @/@ sanitation facilities ( wells , latrines , water filtering systems , etc. ) , install ceramic water filters at schools , and repair and furnish school buildings .
5	many of the wounded evacuated to hospitals in quetta for emergency treatment , for instance , braved the chilly temperatures and slept outside hospital buildings .
6	at the same time , i would like to thank the people for their proactive efforts to conserve electricity .
6	in addition , malteser international will build 75 rain water harvesting tanks as well as 2.000 mosquito proof latrines and repair 100 sources on the island that have been destroyed during the disaster .
6	in mogadishu , merca , and jowhar , the rains pose health hazards due to poor sanitation resulting from drainage mixing with garbages from cities and population centers .
9	efforts to ensure that food is available to poor households at a reasonable cost through subsidized cereal sales , cereal banks , food for work and cash for work are needed .
9	wfp increased the ration size for tieraliet ( aweil east conty ) to 50 % ration during the last distribution , given recent crop loss due to flooding .
6	" the electricity and telephone cables were also affected and there has been nothing done to give relief to masses who were affected by the monsoon rains . "
9	at that time , many of the bdrcs branches in the affected districts had already started emergency food distribution from funds raised locally .
6	in torit , hundreds of committed volunteers like martin are going house-to-house , distributing oral rehydration salts and soap and demonstrating how to take care of basic hygiene and use water purification tablets .
5	as displaced populations have gathered at monasteries , schoolhouses and other temporary shelters , many have brought with them cows , oxen , goats , pigs , buffalo and other farm animals .
6	the permanent solution to avert this is underground power cabling , which exist in the developed countries like the us which is prone to hurricanes , " he said .
9	the five affected states are famous for livestock production @-@ having roughly 50 % of national poultry production and 40 % of pig production .
6 9 5	and what we 've been doing with that money has basically been providing assistance to the flood-affected populations , which include food , nutrition programs , potable water and sanitation facilities , blankets , plastic sheeting to construct temporary shelters , as well as other relief commodities , logistical support , and other information services .
5	karachi , pakistan 's largest city , was hit by rains that resulted in floods that destroyed at least 500 homes ; most seriously tropical cyclone yemyin hit southern balochistan and another storm struck karachi , killing more than 230 people ; strong wind gusts brought down houses of many residents living in the city 's slums .
9	post harvest grain losses are assumed at 10 percent for wheat , maize and barley , and 7 percent for the more valuable rice .
2	the members of the council reiterated their serious concern over the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the country , and expressed deep concern at the increased terrorist threat in the north due to the presence among the rebels of members of the terrorist group al-qaida in the islamic maghreb and extremist elements .
9	* food : tea , sugar , macaroni , canned beef , wheat flour , condensed milk ; * hygiene : detergent , laundry soap ; * bedding : bed linen , blankets ; * clothing : warm jackets , trousers , suits , felt boots ( for both adults and children ) .
0 5	china has said 5.47 million people were made homeless by the may 12 quake and more than 11 million people were expected to be housed in camps as areas rendered unlivable were evacuated .
5	but many more refugees are staying in temporary accommodation in and around the city , with thousands bunking down for months with host families or relatives in often heavily overcrowded homes .
6	the quake also cut off power to the town of about 30,000 people and it was without lights after dark .
5	about 20 people , mostly women , rested in the shelter -- just a corrugated metal roof and orange tarpaulin .
9	stress migration of rural populations to the centres and supplementing food supplies with wild foods is still continuing .
5	surrounded by murky water , in 35 degree heat , there is no protection from the elements except a plastic sheet draped over a few meagre possessions saved from foul , rising flood waters : a wash basin , one chair , a bed mattress .
5	families are being housed in more than 600 temporary evacuation centres established by the government in 11 districts across the island .
5	more than 75,000 people died and another 3.5 million were rendered homeless when the 7.6-magnitude earthquake ripped through parts of northern pakistan and pakistani-administered kashmir on 8 october 2005 .
9	wfp will be among those watching carefully because climate is intimately connected to hunger and erratic weather threatens to make the poor even more vulnerable to it .
5	the 6.4-magnitude tremor hit balochistan early on the morning of october 29 , triggering landslides that instantly buried hundreds of homes .
6	the ministry of trade and industry is directing efforts on troubleshooting damaged power distribution networks and providing electricity to installations such as water plants , hospitals , medical stations , and media and communication stations .
9 5	" along with food and water , blankets and shelter are absolutely crucial , " explains rainer lang , " temperatures drop to 5 @-@ 7 celsius at night and without a house or your old clothes this gets very cold @-@ not least for small children and the elderly . "
6 9	@-@ worries of epidemic @-@ the new rainfall magnified the stench of death from animal carcasses , rotting vegetables and overflowing drains .
9	responding to the crisis in jijiga , care is tankering water to local and refugee communities , and will launch an emergency food distribution of 360 tons of maize over three months , starting the week of april 24 .
6	the objective is to build 13,500 dry hygienic toilets in the two provinces and to develop community based health promotion activities in the villages supported through the programme .
9	save the children @/@ us ( sc @/@ us ) @-@ drought-related relief activities in a range of sectors , including health with a focus on maternal and child care ; winterization for idps ; and cash-for-work drought activities including well and kareze repair and digging ; and wheat seed distribution .
6	the winds tore down trees and power lines , while the accompanying storm surge submerged countless villages .
6 9 5	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
5	geneva , nov 7 ( reuters ) @-@ the united nations and the global red cross @/@ red crescent said on monday urgent cash support from the outside world was vital to save thousands of lives as winter moves in on homeless survivors of the pakistan earthquake .
9 5	families have appealed to government to assist them with tapelines for drying food , tents for providing emergency accommodations , mosquitoe nets , water purification , posho and beans to help them through the floods ordeal .
6	more than 70 % of the thermo-electric power plant , which is a part of the refinery complex , has been destroyed .
6	telephone and electricity connections have been cut off , leaving the inundated subdistrict virtually isolated .
5	officials said they would begin taking a census of people in camps on feb. 1 to determine who gets to move to barracks first , where there will be communal kitchens and schools .
5	colombo , sri lanka ( tuesday 3 rd april 2012 ) – the un refugee agency ( unhcr ) has stepped in with assistance , after strong winds hit a camp accommodating displaced civilians in sri lanka ’ s north over the weekend .
5	the authorities of benin , burkina-faso , the gambia , ghana , mali , mauritania , niger and senegal have provided initial emergency aid as well as shelter for the homeless , to the extent possible , in schools and vacant buildings .
6	the country , which decided last year to abandon nuclear power , was forced to bring several reactors back on line to deal with the peak in electricity demand , the daily handelsblatt reported .
6	residents of tbilisi generally have electricity only for five hours a day , and lack water and telephone communications whenever the energy is switched off , the protesters said .
9	the assistance should focus on the distribution of bean seeds and cassava cuttings , restocking of animals and distribution of veterinary drugs .
0	typhoon ewiniar , which prompted evacuations of cities along china 's eastern seaboard on saturday , missed china altogether , weakened into a tropical storm and rolled into south korea .
9 5	rome @-@ with historic floods from the mekong and tonle sap rivers destroying thousands of homes and nearly 220,000 hectares of the rice crop in cambodia , the united nations world food programme announced today that it plans to deliver emergency food aid to some 500,000 people .
6 5	concerning recommendations on water , most households in the seychelles received treated water from the public utility companies main supply , however during periods of inadequate rain fall , the public utility companies increased supply through desalination plants and draft plans to maximize the country ’ s use of water resources .
2	aside from its battles against homegrown taliban , pakistan is under intense american pressure to tackle afghan taliban fighters who cross the border into pakistan 's lawless tribal areas to attack u.s. -led nato troops .
5	like all the other people benefiting from the programme , muzakir 's and laila 's houses were swept away by the giant waves .
9	oxfam and world vision have already started distributions of plastic sheeting , tinned foods , and water carriers .
9 5	heavy rainfalls in northern togo have washed away a significant portion of cultivated land , over 30,000 houses have been destroyed , as well as 6 dams .
0 5	" since several areas will remain flooded till monsoon rains taper off by the next month , it is a big challenge to provide tents and rehabilitate the evacuated people , " he added .
9	we went to sogon , driving for about two hours to get there , and we saw extensive examples of flooding as we went down , with widespread inundation of arable lands which , of course , creates concerns as regards the long-term food implications .
9	vitamins and mineral salts are added to this to produce a balanced food which responds to known nutritional deficiencies .
5	when a cyclone hits people are forced to move out to community shelters or to relatives ' homes , bringing with them only vital items such as blankets and food .
5	at least five people were swept away by surging rivers and hundreds of houses collapsed in overnight storms .
9	the largest concentrations of food insecure and highly vulnerable people are found in the central and southern maize-based farming areas , whereas more moderate levels of food insecurity were found in the northern provinces , where cassava is the main staple crop .
9	china has pledged to speed its reconstruction in the farming sector in effort to step up preparation for spring farm work and to ensure farm products supply this year .
9	( a ) wfp and save the children ( us ) plan to start a six-month emergency intervention programme in the coastal areas of northeastern nampula province , to provide corn-soya blend supplement for pregnant and lactating women and children under five years of age , affected by drought and cassava brown streak disease .
9	the rainfed wheat production in 2001 is estimated to be about 40 percent less than even last year 's extremely low output .
9	( b ) household stocks of alternative foods , such as wild edible grass , etc , collected before the onset of winter , have run out in most areas .
5	india plans to build hundreds of homes , roads and government buildings washed away around campbell bay , site of a naval base , but so far , it has repaved just a sixth of a 35-kilometre ( 21-mile ) tsunami-wrecked highway that leads to shompen territory .
6 5	in addition to the damaged or destroyed housing , power lines are down and over 100 households have been left without electricity * and the inclement weather continues .
2	as boko haram continues its territorial expansion in northeastern nigeria , it will need more operational and logistical resources , meaning that the group ’ s use of urban guerrilla warfare is a trend that is also likely to increase .
0	he also plans to travel to mopti , a town some 450 kilometres north-east of the capital bamako , where he will meet with displaced people and civil society groups which have had access to , or fled from , the crisis-stricken northern regions and some of its worst-hit towns such as timbuktu and gao .
5	in addition to distributing hygiene kits , blankets , tarpaulins , kitchen sets , and tents , care mobilized 310 households to help clean up debris -- actions that enabled community members to set up temporary dwellings and tents .
5	maputo , feb 7 ( reuters ) @-@ floods in mozambique have killed 29 people and wrecked thousands of homes after torrential rain and hurricanes swept through the country in the past two weeks , the government said on wednesday .
2	however , sri lanka had successfully defeated one of the most ruthless terrorist organizations , rescuing almost 300,000 civilians held hostage , and providing large-scale humanitarian aid .
0 9 5	families who fled to makeshift camps were forced to scavenge for scarce food in conditions that aid agencies warned would expose thousands to outbreaks of disease .
6	the pumping of contaminated water from the basement floor of unit 1 's turbine building into its main condenser is in progress , whereas at unit 2 that process has not begun because the steam condenser is full .
2	" the gunmen arrived around 7 : 30 pm ( 1830 gmt ) , firing guns and shouting ' allahu akbar ! '
0	american military helicopters have flown over 600 hundred sorties delivering almost two million pounds of relief supplies to the disaster area and evacuating thousands of people needing immediate medical attention .
9	by abdimalik hajir hunger stricken families in garissa county are desperately appealing for relief food , water and medical services from the government and the international aid agencies as drought intensifies and the expected short rains delayed .
9	food price rises have been fuelled by the most meagre annual rainfall last year since 1972 that hurt crop output in the country of nearly 1.2 billion people .
6	the criss-crossing and close proximity of ht cables on the rivers hampered winching operations .
5	the international organisation for migration ( iom ) is spearheading efforts to make sure everyone has some kind of warm shelter , even if it is just a winterised tent or a corner of a makeshift lean-to .
5	preparations and calculations were then made to provide thatched roofing to the 1,000 most affected families who needed to rebuild the homes .
5	nigeria experienced severe flooding last year that affected around half a million people in two-thirds of its 36 states the neighbouring nation of benin was also hard hit by flooding in 2010 , with 55,000 homes destroyed and at least 680,000 people affected .
9	“ the findings attributed the poor harvest to unpredictable rainfall patterns as the rains which were less than normal and sparsely distributed started late and ended early , ” she noted .
6 9	usaid @/@ ofda continues to address needs in water and sanitation , coordination , nutrition , and health , particularly preparing for outbreaks of endemic and opportunistic diseases .
6	britain is supporting the government of pakistan 's efforts to provide safe drinking water , hygiene kits , toilets , sewage clearance and waste removal .
9	the wfp rapid assessments and cfsam indicate 863,000 and 965,000 persons ( 12 % and 13 % of burundi population ) , respectively as vulnerably in need of food and nonfood emergency assistance .
5	the remaining usd 75 million provided under the terp phase two will be utilized for the construction of houses , improvement of infrastructure and the rebuilding of livelihoods in the form of grants ( usd 30 million ) and concessional loans ( usd 45 million ) .
6 9	these families are suffering from food shortages , a lack of clean drinking water and extremely poor sanitary conditions .
5	families have resorted to creating temporary shelters made from whatever can be salvaged from the rubble , but these flimsy shelters aren ’ t enough to protect people from the harsh weather bearing down on nepal .
6	he said that wapda has also been directed to immediately restore electricity supply in the affected areas .
9	treated 305 cases of severe malnourishment .
5	typhoon morakot slammed into taiwan on august 8 , dumping more than three metres ( 120 inches ) of rain that unleashed floods and mudslides which tore through houses and buildings , ripped up roads and smashed bridges .
0	the local maritime department dispatched a group of ships to help about 6,800 stranded passengers evacuate via water routes .
9	hundreds of angolan families in dozens of villages are facing serious food shortages for months to come after flooding and hail storms wrecked essential crops .
6	through monthly contributions , the committee also supports latrine construction and raises funds for the repair of boreholes , and it conducts house-to-house visits to ensure homes have the proper sanitation and hygiene facilities , with female washcom members talking to women on personal hygiene .
6	moreover , a 1-billion-thb emergency budget has been set aside by the bma in order to be spent on improving the drainage system and dredging canals in the capital .
9	" australia will send urgent assistance to mongolia to counter the onset of widespread food shortages after mongolia experienced one of its harshest winters in recent history , " senator patterson announced today .
0	the u.n. refugee agency plans to return 400,000 displaced afghans this year , but high levels of rehabilitation aid and development assistance for afghanistan and the interim authority remain vital for the operation , as well as continued improvement in the security situation .
9	lutheran world relief is channeling funds through the action by churches together ( act ) network to act member organisations in indonesia that have begun to assist survivors with medical care and food .
5	i live here like a homeless person , " said melia prihatiningsih , who recently gave birth to a baby girl at the camp .
5	" they will clear broken trees and rubbish from their villages and from the access roads to their villages , clean up the ponds and wells , and help each other clear away tons of mud where their adobe houses once stood , " tidwell explains .
0	he was working in a hotel on the beach when the tsunami hit , and saved many lives by directing tourists upstairs to higher floors .
9	masimba tarifenyika , editor-in-chief at africa renewal , a un online magazine focusing on africa , writes that autocracy and dependency on aid killed the scheme , and that “ while foreign aid is critical in feeding the hungry and reviving agriculture in africa , food security is too important to be left to the generosity of external partners . ”
0	water levels in the low lying areas of srinagar have gone down but fresh rain could make matters worse as boats are being kept ready to evacuate residents if required .
6	by mid-2012 , oxfam engineers have : @-@ repaired three watering troughs , @-@ built a new tap stand , @-@ repaired broken pipes , @-@ constructed a new drainage pathway to reduce the amount of dirt .
6	it is planning to give substantial cash grants to vulnerable families and rehabilitate water and sanitation facilities .
2	the commission is concerned by the continuous occupation of the north of mali by terrorist groups such as al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) , ansar dine and the movement for unity and jihad in west africa ( mujao ) , which commit massive human rights violations with impunity against civilian populations .
6	the floods severely damaged the water system , electrical infrastructure , and access roads in the oro provincial capital of popondetta , affecting an estimated 20,000 people .
9	save the children is distributing warm clothing , bedding , candles , water containers and thermoses , and flour to children and their families in the districts of khuroson , sarband , kolkhozobod and jomi .
0	in august 2013 , five people were killed and hundreds evacuated when a volcano on a small island in east nusa tenggara province erupted .
9	in malawi , 20,000 moderately malnourished children have been supported through a supplementary feeding programme whilst 1,230 severely malnourished children are cared for in 27 nutrition rehabilitation centers , supported by unicef .
0	with five helicopters including four german heavy-lift ch-53 stallions , and one medevac chopper from luxembourg , nato 's air operation has delivered tons of aid to remote mountain villages while evacuating hundreds of sick and injured people .
5	nepal has been worst hit , with 105 people confirmed dead after torrential rain triggered landslides and flooding , devastating entire villages in what the country 's prime minister termed a " national tragedy " .
0	rescuers had managed to take all the students out on lifeboats by 4 : 30 p. m and those who could not return home were taken to hotels , said shi fang , the school 's president .
9	food stocks are buried in collapsed buildings and the death toll among livestock has yet to be assessed .
6	" we have more than 1,000 oil workers checking and repairing wells around the clock , " liu was quoted as saying .
9	*rising therapeutic feeding centre admissions highlight growing urgency of situation in one of sahel 's driest , most remote areas* by celeste hicks fatouma bashir has travelled for miles in the searing heat to bring her eight-month-old son , ismael , to a feeding centre in the town of mao , in one of the driest and most isolated regions of chad .
9	long-term measures , he said , included research on identifying the causal organism , updating the early warning system and instituting a rapid response mechanism , developing disease-resistant seed and the screening of a wide range of maize germplasm to identify resistance or tolerance to the disease across different agro-ecological zones .
2	28 : declaring it will continue supporting us attacks against terrorists , britain announced it is withdrawing its ambassador and other diplomats from sudan following the american bombing of a suspected chemical weapons plant there .
9	the project was funded to the tune of kshs13.8 million by the foundation and implemented by krcs with an aim of improving food security through increased access to safe water for irrigated farming and domestic needs .
9	drivers transporting food and other goods from gao to agelhouk said they each pay a total of 120,000 cfa ( $ 200 ) at eight checkpoints controlled by several different armed groups and one state-backed militia .
9	loans of about 4,500 tons of maize meal from wfp cote d ' ivoire and of 475 tons of bulgur wheat from catholic relief services ( crs ) in liberia will help meet some of the cereal requirements for august and september .
9	" obviously getting food and nutritious snacks and vitamins and minerals out to the population is one of the key concerns that we 're facing at the moment " .
0	in the himalayan nation of nepal , thousands of villagers were moved to safety on monday after a river in the southeast breached a dam and inundated huge swathes of crop land , police said .
5	workers are also preparing to purchase large quantities of tin in order to repair some of the hundreds of homes damaged by the storms .
9	the floods have caused substantial damage to crops and infrastructure : $ 300 million worth of rice crops destroyed , 9,160 km of roads damaged , over 6,500 bridges and culverts washed away and 1,800 schools being affected , according to the central control room of the ministry of disaster management and relief .
9	in light of needs in disaster-stricken areas , the government of the rok intends to transport to japan 480 tons ( 240,000 bottles ) of natural mineral water , 21 tons ( 100,000 pouches ) of boiled rice and 225 kg of korean seasoned laver .
9	@-@ some 82 percent of niger 's population relies on subsistence farming and cattle rearing , while only 15 percent of the land is suitable for arable farming .
5	the shelters also include gutters for the harvesting of rainwater and a mezzanine floor @-@ both elements that were suggested by women during the consultation stage .
2 0	The Malian officials state that there are no longer hostages of Islamist militants at Radisson Hotel. However, it is not well clarified if Malian security forces managed to get rid of all attackers of the Hotel in Capital city Bamako, the hotel used to accommodate foreigners mostly from the western world. The previous information stated that gunmen took 170 hostages. And the reports say that almost 80 among them were released before, while other stories say that the attackers of the hotel killed 3 people
6 5	Rain kills 20 people in Gakenke, Kigali-Musanze road blocked by land sliding The last night rains has killed more than 20 people in Gakenke District (numberls likely to increase) and caused land sliding which has blocked Kigali-Musanze main road in different areas in the District
6	A tweet by the Ministry of Local Government says: Following too much rain in the North and caused disaster, Nyabarongo valley is currently flooded. Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it
5	Unusual rain caused disaster which killed people, destroyed people's houses, destroyed infrastructure including roads, hydroelectricity turbines as well as vegetation in the night of 7[th] to 8[th] May 2016. Districts that are severely struck are Gakenke and Muhanga. However, Rubavu and Ngororero were also struck by disaster that killed people
5	Districts that are severely struck are Gakenke and Muhanga. However, Rubavu and Ngororero were also struck by disaster that killed people. These disasters killed over 49 people (34 in Gakenke, 8 in Muhanga, 3 in Ngororero and 4 in Rubavu) while injuring 26 and destroying 500 houses and houses including Kigali-Musanze highway and other local roads that were blocked by landslide
6 5	Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it. The highway from Kigali to Muhanga has been flooded by Nyabarongo River near Ruliba Clay factory on the border between Nyarugenge and Kamonyi
6	Nyabarongo Floods Stopped Traffic To and From the South The highway from Kigali to theSouth and West via Kamonyi and Muhanga, and the one from Kigali to the North and West via Musanze were blocked following unusual rain that struck the North and West of Rwanda.
0	Burundians Refugees in Rwanda Are Going Back and Forth Visits: 8772 Comments: 0
0	Ntawukuriryayo said that there is a small number in refugee camps who requested going back to their country, and emphasized that it is a refugee right to go back to their country. In the meantime, about 60 Burundians were welcomed in Rwanda this week on Tuesday 28 June 2015 in a transitory camp of Bugesera, and 40 were welcomed in Mahama, 8 were welcomed in Nyanza while about 428 more chose not to join refugee camps but to remain in the city of Kigali as said by Midimar. Some of the Burundian refugees in Mahama refugee camp in Kireh
5	Rubavu: People Whose Houses Were Destroyed by Rain Allegedly Forsaken by the District Visits : 2012 Comments: 3 0
5	Gakenke: 1,000 Families Left Empty-Handed by Disasters Were Provided with 45,000 Sheet Metals Visits : 598 Comments: 0
9	The Prime Minister said that so far agriculture in Rwanda is faced with challenges including droughts causing fail of harvest, and referred to an issue of famine observed in sectors of Eastern Province. He said, "In Eastern Province, drought has bad effects on agriculture in some sectors, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza and Kirehe districts, but there are some other sectors that are obviously starving. He went on saying that the government has started to fight against the issue and adopted strategies so that it may never happen again
9	This training brings together 1,001 people including agronomists, veterinarians and representatives of agricultural cooperatives from all around the nation, where they examined together how to boost agricultural output. The Prime Minister said that so far agriculture in Rwanda is faced with challenges including droughts causing fail of harvest, and referred to an issue of famine observed in sectors of Eastern Province. He said, "In Eastern Province, drought has bad effects on agriculture in some sectors, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza and Kirehe districts, but there are some other sectors that are obviously starving
0 9	Nyagatare: Some Flee to Uganda Following Famine Nyagatare district usually suffers drought, which caused some people in Musheri sector to flee to Uganda to earn a living. However, some people say that those who flee are not residents there but sojourners
9	Nyagatare: Some Flee to Uganda Following Famine Nyagatare district usually suffers drought, which caused some people in Musheri sector to flee to Uganda to earn a living
9	For others who have obvious issues of water, there is a truck that brings water to them and is paid by the district. Nzabarantumye Mouhamed from Matimba sector says that going to Uganda is normal, but as of now it is serious since some of those who live nearby the border of Kagitumba go to beg there and come back to Rwanda in the evening. He explains it thus, "We are concerned with the issue too as people because Rwanda's reputation is being disreputed
5	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people
5	Rwanda Meteorological Center also called for immediate action following extreme rain that is scheduled nowadays. In Ngororero district of Western Province, Gatumba sector, one (1) person had died while Muhororo sector lost four (4). Patrick Uwihoreye, executive secretary of Gatumba sector told UMUSEKE that they counted 21 houses that were destroyed by extreme rain and landslide as well as by car accidents time after time
5	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people. Rain damaged Kigali Musanze Rubavu highway due to landslid
6 9 5	Over 8,500 Burundian refugees keep coming to Rwanda, and some of them are leading difficult life condition in camps where they are hosted in Rwanda. Burundians who come to Rwanda are hosted in different refugee camps, but those we visited in the afternoon of April 20 in a transitory camp located in Gashora sector, district, indicated that their life condition is difficult in terms of food, accommodation and toilets which are still insufficient. They have porridge in the morning and only eat in the evening
9 5	The camp is located at 40 kilometers from the border between Rwanda and Burundi, and the international law says that refugee do not live near their country of origin. The Rwandan government plans to move them to Kirehe district, especially because they resisted from their leaders' encouragement to return back home. The camp management shows that based on shortage of firewood in Bugesera refugees are given cooked food because it would be difficult for them to cook once given raw food
9	Kirehe: 3,500 Families Receive Food Relief Following Drought Drought has affected one part of eastern province and caused some people to be provided with food relief. (Photo/Courtesy
9	Kirehe: 3,500 Families Receive Food Relief Following Drought Drought has affected one part of eastern province and caused some people to be provided with food relief
9	Normally, in Kinyarwanda drought is when there is extreme sunshine that dries crops and vegetation, while famine is scarcity of food. In districts of Nyagatare and Kayonza, drought dried crops and there is scarcity of food until the government provides food relief for those who suffered more than others. Mukabunani Christine, the representative of political parties in Rwanda and charperson of PS Imberakuri on the occasion of the 6[th] congress of PL on this Sunday of July 31, 2016, she said that she does not understand how people say that there is drought without famine
5	At least 49 people have reportedly died of floods and landslide following extreme rain in the night of this Sunday May 8, 2016 in different areas of the country. 34 people who died are from Gakenke district in northern province of the country, eight from Muhanga, four from Rubavu and three from Ngororero districts. 26 others were injured and are now being taken care of in different hospitals, while over 500 houses were destroyed leaving hundreds of people homeless
6 0 5	Rubavu: Over 900 Houses Now Uninhabitable Following Severe Rain 926 houses from Nyundo, Rugerero and Kanama sectors of Rubavu district in the western province are now uninhabitable after 26 were destroyed by Sebeya floods while others were swept over, and 900 more are filled with water which caused the government to order their owners to leave them temporarily. Now some people who were affected by these disasters were hosted by their neighbors, however the governor of western province Munyantwari Alfonse said that on this Monday they will start to provide affected people with basic relief
6	Rubavu: Over 900 Houses Now Uninhabitable Following Severe Rain 926 houses from Nyundo, Rugerero and Kanama sectors of Rubavu district in the western province are now uninhabitable after 26 were destroyed by Sebeya floods while others were swept over, and 900 more are filled with water which caused the government to order their owners to leave them temporarily
5	Nyabarongo Overflowed Flooding Kigali-Muhanga Highway and Stopping the Traffic.PICTURES Nyabarongo floods are due to extreme rain of the night of May 9, 2016 which followed the one that killed many in northern province in the night of Saturday to Sunday May 8, 2016 resulting in disasters in that province which took up to 49 lives while leaving about 500 families empty-handed and others in hospitals. Following this extreme rain, many people mostly those travelling to different provinces stopped their travels due to Kigali - Muhanga highway which has been flooded by water, while Kigali-Musanze one was put out of use following landslide that blocked it at Cyome
5	IP Gasasira also told us that people travelling to Kigali city who can are going through Muhanga district while the highway is temporarily out of use to be well renovated. Severe rain usually strikes parts of the Northern Province, where it also rained in Musanze district and destroyed 37 houses while killing small domestic animals in the night of April 18, 2016
5	This landslide is due to severe rain in this district from three in the morning until now. According to local reports, this rain struck Gakenke, Mugunga dna Mataba sectors which all are of this district. The leadership of Gakenke district said that Gakenke sector lost 16 people due to this rain, Mataba lost nine while Mugunga lost one; Coko lost two, Minazi and Muyongwe lost three each
5	Rwandans who were deported from Tanzania now live in Mayange Sector in Bugesera District and say that they are living well. 5 years ago, the government of Tanzania decided to deport Rwandan refugees who the government claims lived there illegally
6 9 5	Gicumbi District assisted victims of the catastrophes that occurred in Gakenke On this Sunday, June 5[th], 2016, the Mayor of Gicumbi District, the Vice Mayor in charge of Social Affairs, the District Council and other District Authorities, Private Sector and Civil Society representative, and the National Women Council District representative visited 60 families consisting of 225 people who were displaced by heavy rain on the night of Saturday May 7, 2016. They live in the MINAZI Transit Centre. Those who are not in Transit Centres are staying with their friends who were not affected
9	Gicumbi District assisted victims of the catastrophes that occurred in Gakenke On this Sunday, June 5[th], 2016, the Mayor of Gicumbi District, the Vice Mayor in charge of Social Affairs, the District Council and other District Authorities, Private Sector and Civil Society representative, and the National Women Council District representative visited 60 families consisting of 225 people who were displaced by heavy rain on the night of Saturday May 7, 2016. They live in the MINAZI Transit Centre
0 9 5	Ministers Kaboneka and Mukantabana comforted people affected by natural disasters. On Wednesday 05/18, accompanied by Stella Ford Mugabo, Minister of Cabinet Affairs, they visited this District and were welcomed by Caritas Mukandasira, governor of Western Province, commanders of army and police, executive committee of the District and many joyful residents
9	The Governor of Northern Province asked the authorities that attended the meeting to bolster agriculture and animal husbandry http://t.co/lSNYk3eA6
2	Belgium: A Rwandan among terror attacks that took people's lives
2	Kamonyi: Up to 4 people are accused of genocide ideology
5	Musanze: Extreme rain from volcanoes caused a lot of damage.
2	In this meeting strategies were adopted to fight against extremism and terrorism, promoting cleanliness and fighting kanyanga liquor
9	Kayonza: People suffering drought are being helped to overcome it #Rwanda
5	Kigali: A house ablaze in Muhima immediately killing 2 children
2	Boko Haram released 82 of the girls it kidnapped.
5	Kamonyi: Local man's house set ablaze to ashes
2	The suspect in terrorist attack that killed people in Spain was shot dead
5	Unusual thunderstorm destroyed 126 houses in Rusizi district, took away school roofs, and damaged 22ha of crop
5	Kamonyi: House demolition goes on, some people hit by outside
5	Governor @gatjmv requests those still living in Kisangani to come back home and join other Rwandans in rebuilding Rwanda...
9	JEAN NEPO MPORAMUSANGA: "We see it coming and keep quiet. Kagame's grudge has no end
9	Belgium agreed to contribute 1.5 million Euros through World Food Program, n...
6	RT @reg_rwanda: Today in @BureraDistrict, more than 200 Tangata households in Rwerere Sector received electricity. ..
5	RT @Umuseke: 2/2: 256 houses were damaged and 38 houses were completely destroyed. 328 hectares of crops were damaged, 14 livestock died, two bridges were damaged..
5	Karongi: A hill collapsed and destroyed people's houses #Rwanda
9	Food relief was given to citizens who suffered floods in Buterere...
9	0Share The ministry of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry in announces that some people in Rwanda are suffering drought but denies that what it is being said about those who are fleeing to Uganda following famine is true because they might have gone to look for job as usual. This was announced by Minister Mukeshimana Geraldine in a press conference on this Monday 11 July 2016
9	She said It is for the first time in 60 to suffer such a drought in some parts of Africa including Rwanda. In July and August they were talking about El Nino and as we talk it is not only Africa because South Africa is importing food from abroad, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Angola and Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia it is even worse; until here in Rwanda. Days ago, izubarirashe.rw visited people from Musheri sector in Nyagatare district, eastern province where people were suffering famine so much that they needed immediate relief
9	In July and August they were talking about El Nino and as we talk it is not only Africa because South Africa is importing food from abroad, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Angola and Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia it is even worse; until here in Rwanda. Days ago, izubarirashe.rw visited people from Musheri sector in Nyagatare district, eastern province where people were suffering famine so much that they needed immediate relief. Some people we found their houses closed and headed to Uganda to earn a living because they mostly saw that they are not producing crops for eating
9	People of this Province are escaping from this famine to Uganda. This famine ravages not only the Eastern Province but also the rest of the country and everyone who is in Rwanda notices it. RPF says the drought period that characterized Eastern Province, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza, Kirehe and Rwinkwavu areas, is the cause of this famine. The same famine is in the lowland of Southern Province in Nyanza, Ruhango and Kamonyi, normally known as cassava producers but, have recently experienced cassava virus
9	Rwanda : Drought is ravaging Eastern Province. People of this Province are escaping from this famine to Uganda
9	This famine ravages not only the Eastern Province but also the rest of the country and everyone who is in Rwanda notices it. RPF says the drought period that characterized Eastern Province, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza, Kirehe and Rwinkwavu areas, is the cause of this famine. The same famine is in the lowland of Southern Province in Nyanza, Ruhango and Kamonyi, normally known as cassava producers but, have recently experienced cassava virus. Some people from these Districts are moving to neighboring countries, searching for a way of life, while others stay there because they have no means
0 9	ANNOUNCEMENT: WE CONDEMN KILLINGS COMMITTED BY THE BLOODTHIRSTY CIRCLE OF THE DICTATOR PAUL KAGAME AGAINST BANYAMULENGE TUTSI REFUGEES WITHIN KIZIBA CAMP. The announcement by the government of Rwanda operating in Diaspora No 2018/02/00
2 0 5	Government didn't do what Gota did in Hambantota. Although during the Rajapaksa regime, former Defense Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, had taken steps to remove people who have been living in Kompanyaweediya for decades by- force from their homes within 24 hours, the current government has not done anything like that in Hambantota, says Mujibur Rahman, MP. Mujibar Rahumann said that the Rajapaksas took steps to expel families with children within 24 hours by using the army and the police and destroyed the houses to the ground and transferred those lands to foreign companies. He said when those families were expelled without even giving the children the time to take out their books from their homes
0	As a result of the fire in the Kumara Veediya, 9 containers of leather goods are destroyed from the fire in Kumara Veediy
5	2 died, 11 injured, and 71 arrested in relation to Kandy riot. (Tharindu Jayawardane and Indika Ramanayake
5	The police has released today the report regarding the incidents that occurred in Kandy district in areas, such as Teldeniya, Menikhinna, Digana, and Akurana. The report was released in a press conference held at the Police Headquarters today with the presence of Director General of Government Information Department Sudarshana Gunawardena, Police Media Spokesman Ruwan Gunasekera, and Military Spokesman Brigadier Sumith Athapaththu The Police Media Spokesman stated that on the night of March 05[th], a shop and a house in the Pallekele police division had been set on fire and that a 26-year-old youth was found dead inside the house. The postmortem report has revealed the cause of the death as inhaling poisonous smoke, he further added. The Police Media Spokesman further stated that a person was killed by exploding an armed grenade on his way to Mullegama in the Pujapitiya police division to carry out a violent activity. He further said that the safety pin of the grenade was found somewhere near to the dead person's body and that he was 28-year old
9	Facebook friends in cooperation with train passenger's society of Good Friend have held a program called children will have a smile once again on the 30th in order to provide school supplies, including lost books, to school children who were affected by floods. They are requesting all passengers who travel on coming 30[th] (Monday) to Colombo from different part of Sri Lanka to hand over school supplies as much as possible. The organizing committee of this social service requests the passenger's to bring at least a book, pen, pencil, color box, geometry box, water bottle, school bag, or a story book used by their children
5	Floods in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka Reports say that eight killed, including an infant, and three more are missing due to the severe weather conditions that has prevailed in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka
9 5	Fourteen districts throughout the country under floods One killed, three missing, and 4960 displaced in Ratnapura district. Meanwhile, the Director of the National Building Research Institute M. Bandara asked people to be cautious about changes that occur in their area soil. He further stated that there is risk of landslides across nine districts in the country
0	Parliament too is in danger of flooding Defense Secretary Dr. Karunasena Hettiarachchi says that since there is a flood threat to the Parliament located in Shri Jayawardanepura Kotte, attempts to control the water level in the Diyawanna Oya by placing sandbags are in progress. He further added that security forces have been deployed throughout the country to provide relief to the affected
0 9	Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd] , 2016 Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd], 2016. 2016-05-25 10:09:52 The Sri Lanka Air Force continues on rescue missions to save flood affected people and distribute relief. Bell 212 Helicopters had conducted search operations at 0600 hours. Since May 16[th] 2016, Sri Lanka Air Force had conducted missions to rescue people, distribution of aid and search through four B200 operations, Bell 412 two helicopter missions, twenty five Bell 212 missions and eleven MI 17 helicopter missions
5	Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster in May 2016 Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster - May 2016. In May 2016, the heaviest rainfall for 18 years was experienced in certain areas in Sri Lanka and due to that, a severe flood situation occurred in 24 districts and the worst recorded landslides had occurred. As a result of these disasters, it was recorded that 493,319 persons were displaced, 93 died, 33 were injured and 117 persons went on missing
6 0 9 5	(SBS Sinhala / Documentary) Natural disasters such as floods and cyclones have originated in several counties in Australia at present. Thus SBS Sinhala, decided to put forward a note of following protective steps and preliminary methods to be taken at such a situation
9	One million Euro humanitarian aid from Germany ..From Germany to the people of Sri Lanka who got affected by the floods and landslides...
5	Taking the advantage of the situation.... when the flood has destroyed the houses, when landslides have buried entire villages...
6	Dengue Prevention National Program again - Minister Rajith
5	Twenty one homes damaged at Nuwara Eliya by strong winds
0	Moragahakanda a water level goes pass 115,000 acre feet
2	Blast in Syria: `Missile attack from Israel"
2	Manchester blast: `Several dead'.
2	Bomb disposal unit to Manchester area.
0	Floods and landslides caused many casualties ?
0 5	Due to the bad weather 91-die 110- missing 53000-displaced, Kelany River flood aler
0	A vast area of low-lands flooded due to overflowing of Kelani river
5	Floods and earth slips: Is the reason destruction of nature?
0	A young priest being taken across floods (PHOTO)
0 5	Floods and earth slips : More than a hundred thousand people in Galle affected by floods.
6	Floods and earth slips: Sixteen students of Sabaragamuwa lost their lives.
5	Floods and landslides: 9,354 houses destroyed.. Floods and landslides
6	Here are the aids received from Australia to overcome floods (Photos)
5	Daham comes forward to grant a house to flood-affected Devmini (Video/Photos)
2	A massive Cyber attack on several countries
6 5	"People in the area hit by landslide will be resettled soon "
6	A tax on Western Province to eradicate dengue
6	Relief for debted-customers affected by floods
5	Aids for 600 families displaced by floods
0	Irma cyclone: relief missions commences in Florida..
2	Blast in the London underground: one suspect in custody..
5	Rohingya refugees: Buddhist priests protest..
2	A mad person who had killed fifty nine in the Las Vegas attack yesterday (video) fifty nine people being dead ...
9 5	Aids given for 1000 families affected by floods in Elpitiya
6	The storm is out of Sri Lanka: The death toll rises
6	Adverse weather for Dickwella - Hiniduma
5	7 killed, 23 injured due to adverse weather
6	Moragahakanda prepares to generate electricity
2	Details of the New York bomber revealed.
5	Two thousand displaced by floods in Italy
0	Taiwan earth quake of 6.4 on Richter Scale...
0	Earthquake that affected Mexico - VIDEO
2	An announcement from the Army headquarters about the explosion in the bus - two soldiers serious.. (UPDATE) (PHOTOS)...
2	Regarding the explosion at Kahagolla area in Diyathalawa, from the Superintendant of Police at Bandarawela ..
2	Grenade exploded when trying to put it from the pocket to the bag. Leg of the soldier who brought the bomb had his leg amputated Diyatalawa bus bomb.. Update hand grenade ...
2	True story of the article on LTTE taking responsibility for the bomb blasted inside the bus.
5	Sixty houses built for people affected by landslide of Samasara mountain has still not been handed over
0	Next 36 hours critical - Red notices to fishermen and Navy personnel
0	Engaging in fisheries activities in the next forty eight hours in Mannar, Colombo, Galle and Hambantota through to Potuwil in the sea areas....
5	" At first one lakh , later another four lakh " government compensation to restore damaged businesses, houses, and religious places , given...
0	Flood threat to Matara. Warning to residents in the Nilwala valle
0 5	50 families evacuated due to a warning of landslides in Bibile...
2	Bomb blast at Texas County
5	Phase one compensation for 131 houses and business places which were damaged due to riots that occurred in Kandy...
6	Dengue spreads due to a swimming pool of the Ceylon Electricity Board.. PHOTOS
6 0	Two dead due to a poisonous gas in a factory in Dambulla...
0 5	The terror of the elephants which deprived the children of their parents is revealed.. #ElephantAttack
2	LTTE is further banned From Europe.
2 0	Seventy die from a poison gas attack in Syria
2	Seventy dead from a poisonous gas attack in Syria..
5	A house struck by lightning and 5 injured
0	Sudden fire in the Public Library
2	IS terrorists claim lives of 13 people.. #News1st #SuicideBombAttack #Afghan #Kabul
2	> IS terrorists behead three brothers of the same family in Afghanistan
2 0	Arousing fear in Canada, a van runs over pedestrians killing nine (PHOTO/VIDEOS)
9	66673 families in Puttalam District affected by the drought and the rough sea
0	Rain water which drowned Nawalapitiya #HiruNews #StandBy 9.55pm
2	Reason for closing down of the library of Melbourne University due to a poisonous gas attack (PHOTOS/ VIDEO)
2	How two explosions in Kabul claimed twenty one including four journalists.. Photos
5	Dhammika Senevirathne, Saturday May 21[st], 2016 - 1.00 Due to the adverse weather conditions resulting in floods and landslides, they have taken a toll of hundreds of lives and lakhs being subjected to hardships had become a frontline story in the International Press. The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties
0 5	The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties. Attention of International media has been drawn to the landslide catastrophes at areas like Aranayake and Bulathkohupitiya. As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide
5	As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide. Security forces along with people from the villages have been conducting rescue and relief missions with a great effort. AP report which mentioned that the number of people in the villages of Elangapitiya, Siripura, Pallebage reported that it cannot be known exactly but had mentioned that it could be 1000 - 1500. The displaced persons have arrived at temporary camps and secure places
5	That website on the 18[th] reported that from the Aranayake landslide 200 families had disappeared. Guardian website states that within the Western Province, about 135,000 have been displaced. But according to official statistics of the Sri Lanka Government, those who had died or missing are about 200
0	Syrian refugees at Jordan border are undergoing hardships due to lack of water. Massive bushfires are heard at North Alberta in Canada. About 88,000 people had to be evacuated from that area
5	A forest area of about 400,000 hectares had been burnt out. Massive property destructions have happened at places like Macware. The authorities have instructed the people who have been evacuated from the bushfire areas to drink boiled water and to have in stock adequate essential goods and medicines till the end of June. The damages at Macware area due to the bushfires seem to be devastating
5	it was reported that all over the world people are suffering from floods, storms, bushfires and unbearable temperatures. South Texas area in America had gone under floods. A rainfall of 300 millimeters within twenty four hours was recorded there
9	(WHO, 2003) (Source: Food and Agriculture Organization) By international guidelines and by national policies (including of Sri Lanka) it is strongly recommended to breastfeed babies till 6 months of age. According to guidelines by the World Health Organization, unadulterated pure cow's milk shouldn't be given to a baby until 12 months is completed. Also additionally iron or food containing iron should be given. But for babies over 6 months, milk products such as cheese yoghurt could be given. (WHO, 2003; WHO, 2004
0	A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts
5	Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected. These are the camps established in the Colombo district as the Divisional Secretary Divisions
5	The latest data on floods, land slips and natural disasters: by admin May 27, 2016 According to the daily position reports issued by the Disaster Management Centre May 26, 2016, there were 301,502 individuals of 74,808 families who were affected by the continuous rains and flood related land slips. There were 104 deaths and 31 injured. The number considered disappeared were 99. There have been 623 houses completely destroyed and 4,414 houses partially damaged. Minister of Disaster Management, Mr. Anura Priyadarshana Yapa disclosed to a special media meeting held yesterday (26) at the Ministry that 92,159 belonging to 20,957 families are being detained at 253 camps of affected inmates. The highest damage has been reported from Colombo District. A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts. The wounded were 13. Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected. These are the camps established in the Colombo district as the Divisional Secretary Divisions: Kolonnawa Dharmodaya Temple Kandaviharaya Anandaramaya Kalatuwawa Viharaya Henawatta Viharaya Galpatha Viharaya Walgama Community Centre Vidyawaran Primary School Kolonnawa Girls College Nagurukkarmaraya Ketthamarama Kolonnawa Vihara Kaduwela: Maithri Bodhi Vihara Roman Catholic Church Munidasa Kumaratunge Vidyalaya Bolwela Road Camp Gunasekara Viharaya Welihena community Centre Sankhapitti Vihara Camp near the Korathota Power Station Homagama: Embuldeniya Viharaya Colombo Suwasetha Suffers Keththarama Vihar in the Kegalle district displaced people live in more than 100 protected places. More than 1,000 people have been affected by the floods in Gampaha, Kalutara, Ratnapura, Kandy, Galle, Matara, Hambantota, Vavuniya, Mannar, Mullaitivu, Kilinochchi and Batticaloa districts. The latest relief requirements issued by the DMC can be accessed here
5	Flood disaster reliefs and solutions, how they were published in the websites Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. More than one hundred thousand people are displaced in Sri Lanka and six persons lost their lives. There are much more work to provide reliefs to the affected people
9	RT @VOATigrigna: It was announced that due to famine in three African countries and Yemen, millions of people are exposed to the risk of death.
9	RT @VOATigrigna: It is estimated that because of famine that has hit three African countries and Yemen millions of people are exposed to the threat of death.
2	Al Shabab attacks the military camp of the African Union in Somalia
2	Al-Shabaab conducted attack on the base of Africa Union forces in Somalia.
2	Shooting in the middle of the city of Ouagadougou. Heavy shooting and explosions was heard in one of the big hotels in Ouagadougou, the capital city of Burkina Faso. The hotel, Westerners...
2	Fighting in town center Ouagadougou. In Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, tonight heavy fighting and explosion was heard. The hotel is frequented by westerners. ...
2	One suspect of France attack is arrested: Police France have arrested one suspect of the Normandy attack: two others who in the attack ...
2	A suspect of the France attack has been arrested. In connection to the attack in Normandy, the French police have detained a suspect. Two others who took part in the attack...
2	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in the rocket attack incident that fell in Mogadishu near the governmental presidential residential houses at least
2	1 person died and 7 injured in an attack that took place in Mogadishu.
2	Pr. Barack Obama said, the Orlando attack, is "the most shocking in the history of America"
2	Pre. Barack Obama has described the Orlando attack as "most horrific in America's history".
2	Describing the Orlando attack, President Barrack Obama said the attack is "the most shocking in the history of America": president Barack Obama, the killing that was carried out in on Sunday in Orlando, Florida
2	President Barack Obama has described the Orlando attack as "most horrific in America's history". President Obama, the ... that took place Sunday in Orlando, Florida ...
2	It was stated that Daesh group is responsible for mass killings.
2	ISIS terror group said to be guilty of genocide.
2	(Pictorial presentation) Turkey: 20 people died due to explosives that exploded on two military vehicles
2	(picture caption) Turkey: 28 individuals die in an explosion in two military vehicles.
2	John Kerry the American secretary of state says that the
2	ISIS methods causing extermination, says American Secretary of State John Kerry.
0	"Eritrea: a country that is bleeding because of the flood of refugees of its citizens" Amnesty International
0	"Eritrea: A nation bleeding from mass migration of citizens", Amnesty International.
0 9	A preparation has been done to tackle flood accidents-Mr. Getachew Reda... Mekele May 04/2008 People living in those areas in danger of flooding are being moved to other regions, Mr. Getachew Reda Minister of communication of the government reported. The minister indicated in a seminar he conducted more than 100 people have died in different parts of our country. Though the government had made preparations, the natural disaster has caused damages. The minister also indicated that based on information from the meteorology department, preparations were done, including moving residents from flood endangered areas. Meanwhile, food aid operations in drought affected areas has been continuing with good progress, the minister indicated
0 9	Preparation made to prevent flood disasters - Mr. Getachew Reda. Mekele, May 4, 2008 (Voice of Woyane Tigray). Mr. Getachew Reda, Minister of Government Communication Affairs, stated that communities in some regions of the country that are faced with flooding risk, following the current rains, are being relocated. Commenting on current affairs, the Minister announced that more than 100 persons have died due to floods in different regions of the country. He said the fatalities happened despite the government's prevention measures, as this was a natural calamity. The Minister stated that several prevention measures have been taken, including the relocation of communities living in areas prone to flooding risk, as determined by information obtained from the National Meteorological Agency. On the other hand, he indicated that food assistance to communities living in areas affected by drought has been stepped up and was continuing
9	Dr. Berhanu Nega gave a presentation about the issue of Ethiopian draught and famine at the European parliament
9	Doctor Berhanu Nega briefed the European parliament on Ethiopia's famine and drought.
2	Member of Daesh leaders, Cherafi Al-medan has been killed: The Syrian Daesh leader who had a direct connection with the attacks in Paris, during an air strike from allied... ...
2	ISIS leadership member Cherafi Al-Mudan has been killed. The ISIS leader in Syria, who had a direct connection with the suicide attack in Paris, .... in an allied forces' aerial bombardment.
9	pictorial corner Cambodia fishes fish found in areas attacked by famine
9	Photo corner. Cambodia: a fisherman living in a drought-affected district. #Drought #VOATigrigna
9	This campaign has still continued due to the commitment of the entire people of Tigray
9	And now the projects are continuing strongly with the goodwill of the people of Tigray
0 9	Disasters caused by climate change; they have also occurred in Ethiopia in many instances
0 9	Disasters due to climate imbalance have been widely experienced in Ethiopia
5	Due to the flooding, 300 lives were lost and several houses and business buildings were overwhelmed
5	300 Diredawa residents were killed, and many houses and businesses were destroyed due to the flooding
2	France: hunts suspects of the Paris attack
2	France hunts down Paris attack suspects.
2	I am working for the normalization of relations between Ethiopia and Eritrea, said Herman Cohen. `The Horn of Africa is a zone persistently in turmoil. Somalia, is an almost fallen center of terrorists...
2	Herman Cohen says he is working to bring back Ethiopian-Eritrean relations to normal. The Horn of Africa is a region that has never been free of trouble. Somalia, almost a failed state and a center for terrorists ...
9	Based on this the number of the children who are affected by the drought has reached 450 thousand. The delayed assistance supply of the Ethiopian government has created a gap which worried the community.If the world community fails to respond to the needy Ethiopian people in these days or at least in a week a huge human crisis may occur in Ethiopia, added the report
9	As a result, after reporting the number of children severely affected by the famine has reached 450 thousand. The support allocated by the Ethiopian government for these affected communities is being delayed and is creating a gap in delivery, which is troubling. At this moment, if the international community did not deliver aid to Ethiopians suffering from starvation within days, or, at the latest, in a week, it warned that a serious humanitarian crisis will ensue in Ethiopia
9	USA: due to the drought in Ethiopia affirmed its readiness to give emergency aid
9	The United States has announced that it was ready to provide emergency aid for drought in Ethiopia.
2	African leaders reiterated the importance of development to curb the mass exodus of African migrants African leaders said that development is vital for putting to an end the horrible exodus of desperate African migrants. Far from the city of Johannesburg where the AU Summite is being held, more than 100,009 African migrants crossed the Mediterranean Sea by small and congested boats to lead a new life in Europe. According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 102,000 persons are estimated to have attempted to make the horrifying trip in this year. Most of the migrants were from Sub-Saharan Africa. Unfortunately, not all have succeeded. More than 1800 migrants have drowned at the Mediterranean Sea in this year alone. Leaders attending the summit in South Africa said that the problem originates from their countries. They agree that migrants are forced to flee their country due to conflicts, unemployment and unfriendly environment. South African President, Jakob Zuma, stated that leaders have a responsibility. "We have seen with pain and humiliation when our African brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers and children lose their lives while trying to travel to Europe for a better life to escape from war, poverty, abuse and unemployment." said President Zuma. "We all share the blame and this crisis requires us to double our efforts for improving the life of our people." He added. Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, said that Africa's hope lies in its commitment for growth. If we focus on training the people with technique and vocational courses as well as science, engineering, technology, mathematics and invention, they will stop their dangerous trip through the Sahara and Mediterranean Sea. Doing so will make it very hard for extremists and armed terrorist groups from conscripting youngsters. This important issue was supposed to be among the top agendas of the summit, though it was dominated by the news regarding Sudanese President, Omar Al-Bashir
2	African leaders say that development is decisive in stemming the flow of African refugees. African leaders at the African Union Congress outside of Johannesburg said that development is decisive in order to stop the blood-drenched flow of hopeless African emigrants. Recently, over 100 thousand African emigrants have made the dangerous journey to cross the Mediterranean for a new life in Europe. The International Organization for Migration said that approximately 102 thousand people have attempted to undergo this dangerous journey. Most of the emigrants were from Sub-Saharan Africa. Unfortunately, all of them don't make it. In this year alone, 1800 people have drowned in the Mediterranean. The leaders meeting in South Africa say that the problem starts at home. The emigrants leave because of the conflicts in their home countries, unemployment and bad treatment. The President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, said that leaders should take responsibility. President Jacob Zuma said: "We have witnessed, with suffering and shame, the death of our African brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers and children trying to escape conflicts, poverty, oppression and unemployment and cross to Europe for a better life." He added that: "Because we should all take responsibility, we should redouble our efforts to improve the lives of the people." African Union Chairwoman Mrs. Nikizazana Dlamini-Zuma said that there is hope if African countries will commit to development. She said:"If we educate and train people, focusing on science, engineering, technology, mathematics and inventions, people will stop making the dangerous journey across the Sahara and the Mediterranean. By doing this, extremists and armed terrorist groups will find it difficult to conscript our young." This very important issue, expected to be one of the main points of discussion, was swallowed up by the news of the President of Sudan, Omar Albeshir
2 0 5	The United Nations refugee organization says that due to the attack of Boko Haram, the lives of thousands of Nigerians is being disrupted. In the Southeastern Niger, in the tens of thousands...
2 0 5	UN Refugee Agency says that because of Boko Haram terrorist attacks thousands of Nigeriens have been displaced from their livelihoods. In south eastern Niger tens of thousands ....
2	Even though the fear of terrorist attacks was announced repeatedly in South Africa, authorities say there is nothing to fear from. In South Africa, the fear of terrorist attack that might happen...,
2	South Africa: Although repeated terrorist fears have been announced officials of the country say there is nothing to fear. The fear of terrorism could take place in South Africa ...
9	Ethiopia: TheRed Cross said more than 150-200 million Birr aid is needed to tackle drought.
9	Ethiopia: Red Cross Society: 150 million Birr needed to support those affected by drought.
2	English tourist takes photo with Egyptian hijacker: An English tourist, with the hijacker of the Egypt Airways which was forced to land in Cyprus ...
2	An English passenger takes a photo of himself with the hijacker of the Egyptian plane. A British passenger in the Egyptian airplane that was hijacked and forced to land in Cypress yesterday... with the individual who....
0 9	Due to the severe drought in Ethiopia, the number of nationals who need support is increasing from time to time, and the world human rights agency reported its worries that the drought could take lives of many people
0 9	The number of citizens who need aid due to drought that has hit Ethiopia and the famine that followed, is increasing from time to time. The international human security office expressed fear of the possibility of mass mortality due to that
0	According to the report gathered from the Gambela zone, nowadays life is insecure and lawlessness has prevailed , wide lands are being taken by the authorities of EPRDF and distributed to their fellows and foreign investors.As a result of this, to control the peoples' potential protest, the military forces Agazee, other security forces and more from the Nuer tribe of South Sudan are still killing and wounding the people
0	According to the information received, Gambela Region now has turned into a region where constitutional rights are not guaranteed, disorder is widespread and the region's extensive lands are selected and distributed by EPRDF officials to their foreign investor partners. Popular uprisings have been suppressed by Agazi and other security forces. At the same time, they are arming the South Sudanese Nuer and have been perpetrating killings and injuries on the people
0	In most parts of our country people are reportedly being displaced because of floods. In our country, climate change due to El Nino is blamed for the drought; and the other extreme weather conditions of La Nina, which has caused summer floods, are creating problems. La Nina is characterized by heavy rainfall and is expected to cause damage next year. As a result, people living in river docks are being displaced and are going to other parts of the country. The report also indicated that 1.5 million people are at risk; the flood risks are prevalent in both rural and urban areas. This is due to the lack of an early-warning system which should be introduced by the government; as a result many people are being displaced for their safety
0	Residents are being displaced because of the risk of flooding in most regions of our country, reports indicate. In contrast to El Nino, the weather condition which is believed to be responsible for drought during the rainy season in our country, La Nina is causing frequent damage from flooding. The La Nina phenomenon is expected to bring irregular rain to our country the next rainy season and cause severe damage, which has prompted the displacement of people living near river banks. According to news reports, 1.5 million are facing serious risk, and floods have caused severe damage in towns and rural areas. This is because the government has not done any preventive activities. As a result, many inhabitants are at risk and have been fleeing to various areas, according to the reports
2	a terrorist attack in a hotel in Bomako - capital city of Mali killed oer 18 people
2	(video) Terrorist attack in a hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, has killed 18 people.
9	Ethiopia: The Red Cross said supporting draught victims requires 150-200 million Birr aid. The Ethiopian Red Cross said, supporting children affected by draught
9	Ethiopia: 150-200 million Birr is needed to aid those affected by drought, the Red Cross has said. The Ethiopian Red Cross ...drought-affected ... and children ...
2	The ancient city of Palmira-Syria: It's know the Russian supported Syrian army controls the ancient city of Palmira. The city was under the control of Daesh for about 10 months...
2	Ancient Syrian city of Palmyra: It is to be recalled that Russian backed Syrian troops captured the ancient city of Palmyra. For 10 months, the city remained in the hands of ISIS ...
9	It was stated because of the shortage of food that happened in South Sudan, people who are numbered by the millions are exposed to hunger. Aid donor organizations of the United Nations, in South Sudan that is divided by war
9	Millions said to be at risk of starvation in South Sudan due to food shortages.
2	Victims of the wanted human trafficker say that the arrested one is not him 10 June 2016, Washington, DC. Italian and English authorities said that when they arrested a human trafficker they were under pressure. When victims of the human trafficker said that the arrested was not him but rather an innocent refugee, Italian and English police were criticized. The person who participated in the mission said that the time has not come for England's National Crime Agency to answer the questions pertaining to this incident. "The National Crime Agency is confident of the way it gathers information," was the response. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for the 27-year-old Medhanie Tesfamariam who was taken from the streets of Khartoum and extradited to Italy. They said that Medhanie Tesfamariam is an innocent refugee who didn't participate in human trafficking. "I know Medhanie Yehdego Mered, I know him very well. This is not him,'' says Eritrean student Ambes Yemane, who was trafficked by Medhanie Yehdego Mered to Italy in December 2013. Ambes recalls that before going into the sea they were contained in a very small and messy place and that they were treated like cattle rather than humans. "The way they treat you is very bad. Medhanie himself had threatened me. He used to threaten us with a gun. But the photo I have seen from the Italian police is not Medhanie." Another client of Medhanie Yehdego, who didn't want his name to be mentioned since he believes Medhanie Yehdego is still working freely in Khartoum and could put his relatives there in danger, said, "The man arrested by Italian police is not the one who trafficked me. I know Medhanie Yehdego very well. I have known him since 2011. Therefore, I can identify him easily. The one arrested is not the human trafficker,'' he said. "He is very dangerous and has power; I have relatives in Sudan, and if he knows I am saying this he could take revenge on them.'' According to the information gathered from victims of the trafficker, the man called Medhanie Yehdego Mered, 35, who is a human trafficker in Sudan and is said to have been arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in Sudan as he was previously. Who is Medhanie Yehdego Mered? Nicknamed "The General," Medhanie Yehdego Mered is carrying out a multi-billion-dollar human-trafficking business. This 35-year-old Eritrean became known to the world after a boat capsized, killing all 359 refugees just by Lampedusa Island, near Italy, in late 2013. Canadian Kathrin Duhay, an attorney with regard to illegal human trafficking money, said that Medhanie could be the leader of a network of human traffickers in Africa and Europe. She explained in an interview with BBC that, "He has become strong because he has a lot of money and controls a lot of people." "As a coordinator, the money he mobilizes is understood to be in the billions." An Italian journalist called Couriere Della Siera explains that Medhanie Yehdego has been heard boasting that he has connections with Libyan leaders in Tripoli and that he has some workers in Italy as well. Medhanie had been living in Italy, and when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai, he attracted the focus of criminal investigation agencies. Later he moved to Libya, where many African refugees were passing through to take the risky journey to cross to Europe; and then to Sudan, where he was arrested and imprisoned. Kathrin Duhay: "If we can talk about human trafficking from Libya and other parts of Africa by the Mediterranean Sea, he must have connections with Daesh as well." Medhanie Yehdego Mered has not responded to these allegations
2	Victims of the smuggler who is being hunted say that the one apprehended is not him. June 10, 2016: Washington, D.C.: Italian and British authorities are facing huge pressure after reportedly catching the dangerous criminal human smuggler. When victims of the dangerous criminal said that an innocent refugee was caught instead of the dangerous criminal, Italian and British police were criticized heavily. The British crime agency, which participated in the operation, said that it is not the time to comment about the suggestions. "The National Intelligence Agency is confident about its methods of intelligence gathering," said the announcement. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for Medhanie Tesfamariam Berhe, 27, who was apprehended in the streets of Khartoum and taken to Italy. They explained that Medhanie Tesfariam is an innocent refugee who never had any hand in human smuggling. "I know Medhanie Yihdego Meried, I recognize him very well. And this is not him." said Eritrean student Anbes Yemane, 27, who was smuggled to Italy by Medhanie Yihdego Meried. Anbes remembers that they were treated like animals rather than humans in a crowded and dirty place before they set out to sea. "Their treatment is really bad. Medhanie intimidated me personally. He was threatening us with a gun. But the picture that I saw from the Italian police is not Medhanie Yihdego." Another individual, who wanted to be anonymous because he believes Medhanie Yihdego is in Khartoum working freely and that his relatives might be in danger if he identifies himself, said, "This individual caught by the Italians is not the person who smuggled me. I know Medhanie Yihdego really well, I have known him since 2011. So I don't have any problem recognizing him. The arrested individual is not the smuggler." "He is a very dangerous and a very powerful person; I have relatives in the Sudan, and if he knows that I am giving this information, he can visit revenge upon them." According to information from former victims of the smuggler, Medhanie Yihdego Meried, 35, who is allegedly the smuggler, who is the person arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in the Sudan. Who is Medhanie Yihdego Meried? Nicknamed ʼGeneralʼ, Medhanie Yihdego Meried runs a human smuggling business with a worth estimated in the billions of dollars. This 35-year-old Eritrean's name is mentioned in connection with a horrifying accident involving a boat that sank at the end of 2013 near the Italian island of Lampedusa, killing 359 refugees. A Canada-based lawyer, Kathrine Duwhay, who practices law on illegal money transfers, says that Medhanie is suspected of heading the smuggling network in Africa and Europe. In an interview with the BBC, she said, "He is dangerous because he controls a lot of people and a lot of money." "As a kingpin, it is understood that billions have been transferred through him." The Italian newspaper Corriere Della Serra explains that it has been heard that Medhanie Yihdego has connections with Libyan authorities and has employees in Italy. It has reported that Medhanie was living in Italy and that he caught the eyes of organized crime investigators when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai. After a while he moved to Libya, where many African refugees start their dangerous journey to Europe, and later on moved to Khartoum where he was arrested. Katherine Duwhay said, "If he is involved in human smuggling from Libya and other parts of Africa via the Mediterranean, he must have had connections with Daesh." Medhanie Yihdego Meried has not responded regarding these allegations
2 6	Later he moved to Libya, where many African refugees were passing through to take the risky journey to cross to Europe; and then to Sudan, where he was arrested and imprisoned
2 6	After a while he moved to Libya, where many African refugees start their dangerous journey to Europe, and later on moved to Khartoum where he was arrested
2	French police tighten guarding and searching after the Paris attack
2	Following Paris attack, French police tighten security intensify searches.
9	"there is no gap between demand and supply of aid in the Ethiopia Somali region" a high authority, the problems cause by draught in the Ethiopian Somali region in the zone of Shenle or Shetti...
9	Ethiopian senior official: "There is not gap between demand and supply of aid in the Somali Region of Ethiopia.". The difficulties created by drought in Shenle or Sheti Zones, in Ethiopia's Somali Region, ...
2	authorities said, Somali security forces killed armed people who carried out an attack. Yesterday, Somali security forces, killed those who carried out an attack at the Hebub Hotel in Mogadishu killing 24 people...
2	Somali security forces killed gunmen who carried out an attack, the authorities have said. Somali security forces ... those who attacked a well-known hotel in Mogadishu, killing 24 individuals ...
9	Due to lack of preparation by the government, the on going drought in Ethiopia has created shortage of seeds
9	Shortage of seeds is reported due to the lack of preparation from the government of Ethiopia for agriculture following the severe drought in the country
2	Tunisia: at least 12 persons died due to the attack that targeted the presidential security department bus. After the attack state of emergency was announced in the country hours...
2	Tunisia: 12 people have died in an attack on a presidential security bus. Following the attack, state of emergency has been declared in the country, and hours...
2	Libya: an explosive that exploded in a cargo truck killed 60 people
2	Libya: Bomb blast kills 60 people in a truck.
0 9	UN: Due to the drought in South Sudan thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan
0 9	Thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan due to the famine affecting South Sudan - the UN.
2	An Egyptian professor hijacks an Egyptian Airline airplane. An airplane flying from Alexandria to Cairo the capital city of Egypt with 81 passengers most of whom are Egyptians...
2	Egyptian professor hijacks AgyptAir plane. The plane, which was travelling from Alexandria to the Egyptian capital Cairo carrying 81 mostly Egyptian passengers, ...
2	Hijack of Egypt Airways has ended.
2	The hijacking of EgyptAir is over.
9	The outgoing US Ambassador to Ethiopia, Patricia Haslach, said at a farewell ceremony organized by the embassy staff that the efforts made so far to prevent the worsening of drought into the level of hunger are quite impressive
9	The outgoing US Ambassador to Ethiopia, Patricia Haslack, in her farewell speech at the Embassy's compound, said that the efforts to prevent famine due to the worst drought in 50 years are actions to be proud about
9	Due to the drought in Ethiopia, the country is rated as the third highest receiver of donations in the world.
9	It is reported that Ethiopia holds third place with respect to the current drought, per international donor agencies' standards.
6	The number of cases reported in Addis Ababa and in regions was not specified, though
6	The announcement didn't mention the number of patients in Addis Ababa or other regions
6	"Some cases are reported in Oromia, Somali, Afar and Amhara regions. Hence, the trend is now that of spreading. All of us need to ensure that our environment is clean, our personal hygiene is maintained and make sure that our foods and drinks are safe to eat. We should also create community mobilization." Said Dr. Dabi Jim
6	"There are some patients in Oromia, Somalia, and the Afar and Amhara regions. The trend is for it to keep spreading. We should all ensure clean water and food by collectively keeping our environment clean and maintaining personal hygiene," said Dr. Dabi Jimma
2	In Mogadishu six people were killed in Alshabab attacks.
2	6 people have been killed in attacks by al Shabaab in Mogadishu.
9	Effects of drought in Eastern and southern Ethiopi
9	Drought effects in southern and eastern Ethiopi
9	But the highly affected areas are in Boren and Guji in Oromo region; as well as eastern Harege and Somalia regio
9	But areas that are badly hit by drought are Borena and Guji in Oromia Region, and East Hararghe in the Somali Region
2	France: Chases Paris attack suspects: One of the suicide attack terrorists on last Friday had a Syrian passport and in Greece last month... ...
2	France hunts Paris attack suspects: Among those who carried out suicide attacks in Paris last Friday, one had a Syrian passport and last month ... through Greece ...
9	In Raya Kobo due to the drought cattle are dying, but no people have died, said residents: In Raya Kobo, especially in Keyu gara area due to very little rain...
9	Livestock are dying In Raya Qobo due to hunger, but no death among people, residents said. In Raya Qobo, especially in the locality known as Keyu Gara, due to the very low level of ....
9	In Raya Kobo due to drought cattle are dying, but no people have died, said residents
9	Livestock are dying In Raya Qobo due to hunger, but no death among people, residents said.
2	it was stated the cause of an Egyptian airplane that fell into the Mediterranean Sea could be a terrorist attack. An Egyptian Airlines airplane that was heading from Paris to Cairo ...
2	Terrorism suspected in the crash of EgyptAir plane in the Mediterranean Sea. The EgyptAir plane which was travelling from Paris to Cairo, in ...
2	Russia says the cause for the falling of the airplane in Egypt is an explosive: the chief of the Russian security said the cause for the fall of the airplane in the Sinai forest in Egypt is a work of terrorism
2	Russia says the cause of the plane crash in Egypt was a bomb. The cause of the plane crash last month in Egypt's Sinai desert was a terrorist act, said the intelligence chief of...
2	Eritrea, said it supports Saudi-led initiative to combat terrorism: Eritrea said it supports the Saudi initiative to combat terrorism without reservations and would cooperate ...
2	Eritrea stated that it supports the Saudi-led initiative against terrorism: Eritrea supports, without reservation, Saudi Arabia's initiative and is ready to cooperate with....
9	RT @VOATigrigna: Britain's envoy to East Africa said the drought in Somlia should be dealt with before deaths happen #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #Somalia #Famine..
9	RT @VOATigrigna: The UK envoy in the Horn of Africa appealed for emergency aid before people start to die because of the current drought in Somalia. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #Somalia #Famine..
2	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in attack that happened in Mogadishu
2	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey.
2	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey.
2	The Nice France attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians
2	Nice, France, attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians.
2	The Nice attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians. the Independence Day of France what is known as Bastille Day on the killing incident that happened in a city called Nice
2	Nice, France, attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians. The incident that took place on French Independence Day, known as Bastille Day, in the city of Nice, France, ...
2	The commemoration of Eritrean and Ethiopian ISIS victims was attended by four church leaders, namely from the Eritrean Church, Ethiopian Church, Egyptian Church, and Syrian Church
2	In the remembrance program, collectively attended by leaders of four churches, namely: Eritrea, Ethiopia, Egypt and Syria, as well as the public, prayer was made for the Eritrean and Ethiopian nationals killed in Libya by ISIS
2	The peculiar nature of the Swedish Stockholm commemoration was the unity of the Eritrean and Ethiopian Churches in the ceremony
2	This commemoration program, which was held in Stockholm, Sweden, is particularly special because of the joint participation of religious leaders from the Eritrean and Ethiopian Orthodox churches
2	the identity of the person who carried out an attack in Nice yesterday Thursday became known
2	The person who committed yesterday's attack in the city of Nice in France has been identified.
9	Some educated people explained to our sources that lives of people and animals is being wasted due to the shocking draught that has inflicted the Tigray region
9	The terrible drought affecting Tigray Region is killing people and animals, while the government has not provided aid, some scholars have indicated
9	When most districts in the region are hit by a draught accident among the worst hit are the districts of Atsbi Wenberta 12 localities, many localities of Kilte Awlaelo; most localities of Raya Azebo and Raya Alamata; over half the localities of Afla; many localities of Hintalo Wajrat; over half the localities of Seharti Samre, most of the districts of Tanqwa Abergale and there are many from the Western region, it was learned
9	While most districts in the Region are suffering from the drought, some are severely affected, namely: 12 localities in Atsbi and Wenberta districts, several localities in Kilte Awla'lo, most localities in Raya Azebo and Raya Alamata, more than half of the localities in Ofla, several localities in Hintalo Wajrat, more than half of the localities in Seharti Samre, most districts Tanqua Abergale, as well as many localities in the Western Zone
2	It was stated that Daesh group is responsible for mass killings. John Kerry the American secretary of state said the crimes that the Daesh terror group created in Iraq and Syria, is mass killing.
2	ISIS terror group said to be responsible for genocide. American secretary of state John Kerry said the atrocities committed by the terrorist group ISIS in Iraq and Syria are genocide.
5	#Eritrea #ارتريا In Ethiopia, South Region, 38 farmers have reported that they have been displaced from their properties due to road constructio
5	#Eritrea #Eritrea. 38 farmers in Ethiopia's South Region say their livelihoods have been disrupted because of road construction.
6 9	Paulos was a 24-year-old Eritrean who came to Libya through Chad from Sudan in April
6 9	Paulos is a 24-year-old Eritrean who started from Sudan, crossed Chad and entered Libya in April
9	Though Saleh managed to escape from the place he was held, soon he was found by other traffickers and held in a place called Sabratha, which is close to the sea
9	Even though Saleh escaped from his captivity, soon he was captured by other smugglers and imprisoned in Sabrata near the coast
9	A call has been made to help deal with the Ethiopian drought before it worsens
9	An appeal has been made to combat the drought in Ethiopia before it turns into the worst devastation.
2	an understanding was reached to present to court the armed members of the Murle clan who carried out an attack in the Gambella zone in Ethiopia. Those who killed 208 by crossing the border to Ethiopia.
2	Understanding reached to bring to court Murle tribe gunmen who carried out an attack in the Ethiopian region of Gambela. ... who killed 208 after crossing the border to Ethiopia ...
2	Click the following link to follow the interview by Meron Estephanos the producer of the Voice of Refugees with three underage Eritrean girls who escaped from the hands of Daesh
2	Three Eritrean captives who have escaped from the hands of ISIS have been interviewed by the host of the radio show Refugee News, Meron Estefanos. To follow the interview, ... the link below.
2	As a result of the American aerial attack in Somalia, 150 armed Al Shabab...
2	150 armed persons from Al Shabab have died in an American air raid in Somalia.
9	In Ethiopia the number of people in need of emergency food aid increases: In Ethiopia, as the member of people in need of emergency food aid increases, an additional 88 million dollars...
9	The number of people requiring emergency relief in Ethiopia is said to be on the rise. As number of people in need of emergency food aid in Ethiopia increases, additional 88 million dollars ... ...
0	Its being stated that refugees numbering in the hundreds have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe. Report: During the last week, those who departed from Libya and were heading towards Europe...
0	Hundreds of refugees are reported to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe. Report: ... who were headed to Europe after leaving Libya last week ...
0	It is being stated that refugees numbering in the hundreds have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe.
0	Hundreds of refugees are reported to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe.
9	UNCEF has called on the international body to pay attention to the drought in Ethiopia: In Ethiopia, due to the shortage of food caused by El Nino... ...
9	UNICEF has appealed to the international community to give attention to the drought and famine affecting Ethiopia. In Ethiopia due to change in climate and El Nino, prevailing shortage...
0 9	It is said that the regions at risk from drought are Tigray, Amhara, Oromia, Afar, and Somalia
0 9	The regions facing the risk of drought are said to be Tigray, Amhara, Oromia, Afar and Somali
9	USAID said it will give additional help to draught in Ethiopia
9	(USAID): USAID said it will provide additional support for drought-affected Ethiopia.
9	RT @tarzaneri: Aid agencies have warned that the drought in Ethiopia could escalate to famine.
9	RT @tarzaneri: Aid organizations have warned that the drought affecting Ethiopia could turn into a severe famine.
5	He further added that in West Gojam and Hawi zone, Dangla town, protesters burned down five houses including that of a city official
5	Similarly, in Woreda Dangila in the Hawi zone of western Gojjam five residential houses, including officials' houses, were burned down by people, as described by Mulugeta
2	Leita Taylor, senior supervisor of terrorism and anti-terrorism conditions at Human Rights Watch, said, "The world is more focused on the atrocities in Syria and Iraq, but Daesh in Libya has committed mass murders and is getting away with it.
2	The Human Rights Watch head of observing terrorism and counter-terrorism, Letta Taylor, said, "The world's focus is on the atrocities committed in Syria and Iraq, while Daesh is killing freely in Libya.
2	Martyr's Square, which is located in the heart of Sirte, has became a place of massacre - including hanging, slaughtering, as well as different measures carried out without trial - for many that they say have committed crimes
2	The so-called Martyr's Square at the center of the city has been turned into a stage where unlawful killings, including beheadings for alleged crimes of character, take place
2	The Daesh group is affiliated with ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The group is now deeply rooted in the country where Muammar Gaddafi was ousted and killed in 2011 and which has benefited from the situation, which is favorable to terrorists
2	This armed branch of Daesh took hold in an environment suitable for terrorists created by the anarchy after the deposing and killing of Muamar Gaddafi in 2011, and is a branch of the larger group in Iraq and Syria
9	Caused by the cruel governance that is ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women who escape the system and head to be refugees, barely surviving the shoot to kill policy but fell in the hands of the PFDJ soldiers, beyond the miserable prisons that doesn't have water and food, victims who didn't want to disclose their names stated they are forced to cook food for the soldiers
9	Due to the brutal administration of the regime ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women try to escape the regime and decide to migrate. Some victims who asked to remain anonymous said that, even when they narrowly escape the regime's policy of shoot to kill at the border, and fall in the hands of PFDJ soldiers, they face, in addition to brutal prison conditions with meagre food and water, a life of toil preparing food for the military
9	According to the information from the sources in the spot, the process of recruitment for food aid in Amhara region south Wollo,district of Borrona has bribery, familial and corruption. As a result last week at night, a man named Yassin Tessema was killed at his home, for he accused the chairperson of the locality mister Hassen Muhedin for the repeated mistakes over the people and why he dropped him from the food aid list while he has nothing to eat but others better than him were included
9	According to sources from the area, in Amhara Region, South Wollo Zone, Borena District, in the process of registration for allocating emergency aid, it is suspected that favoritism and discrimination has been practiced, of which, the chairman of the Kebele Mr. Hassen Muhdin was alleged to be responsible. In response to these repeated allegations of favoritism and discriminatory practices, last week, by night around 4 o'clock an individual named Yasin Tesema entered into the Kebele chairman's house and told him that, "while I don't have anything to eat, you registered someone better than I am' and shot and killed him, according to sources
2	Mass killings in California: 14 persons were killed and 17 wounded due to the attack unleashed on individuals in San Diego California
2	Mass shooting in California, America: 14 people have been killed and 17 injured in a mass shooting in San Bernardino in the US state of California. The commander ...
9	Washington - the UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction stated that 32 serious droughts occurred globally in the just ended 2015 and most of them were in Sub-Saharan Africa
9	Washington - The UN Office for the Prevention of Natural Disasters said that last year 32 severe droughts occurred worldwide, with most of them in Sub-Saharan Africa
9	2015 was a year of drought Washington - the UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction stated that 32 serious droughts occurred globally in the just ended 2015 and most of them were in Sub-Saharan Africa. The Belgian based organization conducts research on earthquake, drought, flooding and natural calamities. Director of the organization, Dibarti Guhaseper reffered the year 2015 as a year of drought. "At this time, 50 million people are in danger. The year 2016 is expected to be worse. We will see human catastrophes and the rate of migration and displacement will also rise in this year. 5 years ago, drought has displaced 12 million people in East Africa. 260,000 of the displaced are Somalis. According to Guha Sapir, early warning was made. But, governments didn't consider the warning. Hence, the same mistake shall not be repeated in this year
9	The UN says that 2015 is a year of drought. Washington - The UN Office for the Prevention of Natural Disasters said that last year 32 severe droughts occurred worldwide, with most of them in Sub-Saharan Africa. The Belgium-based research organization observes natural disasters such as earthquakes, droughts, flooding and hurricanes. The director of the organization, Dibarti Guha-Sapr, describes 2015 as a year of drought. Currently there are 50 million people affected. It will be worse in 2016. She said that we will see human destruction, and we will observe migration and displacement. 12 million people were displaced by drought in the previous 5 years. 260 thousand of them are Somalians. Guha-Sapr said that the warning was announced early in the year. But governments ignored it. Therefore, similar mistakes shouldn't be made this year, she said
0 9	5 years ago, drought has displaced 12 million people in East Africa
0 9	12 million people were displaced by drought in the previous 5 years
9	The website indicated Ethiopia's development of green economy projects implemented in the previous years, a budget approved for renewable energy and achievements in this regard to help the people to recover their environment, the government paths to achieve economic growth especially in policies of agriculture and investment opportunities have made good changes in the country
9	The website said the activities implemented in the past few years by Ethiopia to build a green economy, the budget it allocated to renewable energy and the results it realized, the efforts of the people of this nation to rehabilitate their environment, as well as the Ethiopian government's success in achieving economic growth, particularly in agriculture, and its policy of attracting investment, have all resulted in a noticeable change in the country
2	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey. The administrator of Istanbul in the Istanbul airport...
2	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey. The mayor of Istanbul, at Istanbul airport ...
9	WFP said more than 30 million people in Sub-Sahara Africa are exposed to drought
9	30 million people in Sub-Saharan countries are exposed to famine, the World Food Program said.
2	(Video) The people of Brussels pay tribute to Tuesday's terrorist victims
2	(Video) The people of the city of Brussels remember the victims of Tuesday's attack.
2	Meanwhile, protests are still underway today, Tuesday, in Woliso, West Arsi, Horo Gudru Wollega and Jeldu West Shewa, according to residents who wish to remain anonymous for security reason
2	Meanwhile, today Tuesday, there were protests in Woliso, western Arsi, Hora Gudru, Wolega and Jeldu, westers Shoa, described residents who remained anonymous for fear of their security
9	Food aid for South Sudan moved through the port of Massawa. Eritrea allowed food aid for South Sudan to be unloaded at its port of Massawa. The world food program...
9	Food aid destined for South Sudan arrives in Massawa port. Eritrea has given permission for South-Sudan-bound food aid to be disembarked in the port of Massawa
9	It is also reported that Egypt has donated one million dollars worth of aid
9	Moreover, Egypt has given one million dollars in aid to combat the current drought in Ethiopia
2	(VIDEOM) Brussels, Belgium is rocked by three bomb attacks that killed tens of people
2	(Video) Brussels, Belgium, terrorized by three attacks that took tens of lives.
2	Somalia: 20 people were killed in Lido restaurant by Al Shabab attack
2	Somalia: 20 people died in Al-Shabaab attack in Lido Restaurant.
2	The terrorist attack in Paris and the affect it will have on refugees: regarding the incident that happened last week in Paris capital city what will be the affect it will have on refugees ...
2	Paris terror attack and its implications on refugees: What are the implications on refugees of last week's terrorist attack in Paris ...
9	The study has up to now identified four affected regions, namely Afar region, Amhara region, Oromia region, and Somalia region
9	So far, four Regions, namely, Afar, Amhara, Oromia and Somali, are confirmed to be affected by the drought unfolding in Ethiopia
9	The U.N. stated that wealthy countries did not respond quickly to alleviate the serious drought in Ethiopia. The U.N. also warned that the drought caused by El Nino could affect the region of the Horn of Africa at large
9	Donor countries have responded quickly to the current severe drought in Ethiopia, the United Nations has stated, warning that the drought, which is attributed to the weather condition known as El Nino, could cause a disaster not just in Ethiopia, but also in other countries in the Horn of Africa
9	People in the drought-affected Amhara region are drinking unclean water and getting infected by contagious water-borne diseases, Reuters reports
9	Also, in the drought-affected areas in Amhara Region, the people are drinking unclean stagnant water wherever they find it, which is exposing them to infectious diseases, The Reporter has indicated from Addis Ababa
9	In Ethiopia about 35,000 children have been affected by hunge
9	"An estimated 35 thousand children affected by starvation in Ethiopia", U
2	The Paris attack and the affect it will have if will have on refugees
2	Paris terror attack and its implications on refugees.
2	American politicians on confrontation with president Obama over the settlement of Syrian refugees: following the Paris attack some Americans; to re.. Syrian refugees...
2	American politicians disagree with President Obama on the resettling of Syrians. Some Americans -- mainly after the Paris terror attack -- ... receiving Syrian refugees..
2	French police have searched for suspected terrorists in Saint Denis area.
2	French Police, aiming to capture the Paris attack suspects, conduct search in the neighborhood of St. Denis.
2	French Police raid and search in Saint Denis area in Paris, after the attack in the city of Paris last week, today in the city of Paris in S...
2	French police search in the Paris neighborhood of St. Denis: Last week after the bombing attack last week in Paris, the French Police today in the neighborhood of St ... in Paris
2	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners: Those who claimed responsibility for the attack in the capital city of Bamako, Mali last Friday...
2	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention. Groups who claimed to have carried out the attack in Mali's capital, Bamako, that killed 21 people...
2	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners
2	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention.
9	To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country
9	Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability
9	Women's right has no approval by EPRDF!! Even though everybody believes women are half part of our society, but because of the previous dictator leaders of our country they cannot participate and benefit equaly from the political,economic and social life of the society and also do not get democratic rights or opportunities to express their problems with their own voices. To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country. For that reason, our country's women participate in all section of the combat during the armed struggle to get their rights and the rights of underprivileged people by resisting all natural and man-made obstacles. They joined the battle alongside their fighters and sacrificed. By giving their forehead to the bullet and tread explosives by jumping to the front battle field were able to be called lioness of the struggle. Even though, our Ethiopian women particularly the Tigray region pay spectacular effort by sacrificing their lives to reach into their goals,because their reward of struggle and sacrifices have been hijack and betrayed by the TPLF,EPRDF party, and their achievements which cost the hereon blood has been wasted, nowadays they are exposed to miserable lives. Women-the half part of society isolated alone cannot be beneficiaries; apparently, as every underprivileged Ethiopian society who was not able to get his reward of the17 years bitter and miraculous battle. Therefore, as all part of the society and women are loaded with many problems on their shoulder and their life fall in to famine,illiteracy,rape, detention,migration,adversity and death by the atrocity,horrible,rule of the TPLF, EPRDF ruling party. As a result of the human right violation and unemployment being an obstacle to women's social life,those who failed to resist the situation headed their way to migration blindly. As a result they became victims of rape and disgrace in the wild, or at the sea in a dreadful manner. The regime uses different systems to be trusted by the women. By systematic preaching in the name of union, league,women's federation, Meles leadership training academy etcetera and trying to control the women under his cruel and dictatorial administration and halt them from fighting for their future rights through writing, organizing themselves and incite argument against the dictators. The bloody and bitter army struggle performed to pervade justice, peace, democratic right, equality, and respect was jilted before reaching its goals as it falls to benefit the few elites, the oppressive, corruptive elite administration. The people and country are in danger of disaster and violence loss of integrity which resulted many innocent people being killed in the street and many other nationals are hunted get detained and tortured by security forceswithout any reason.Thissituationescalates grief and pain of our mothers and sisters. Because women are all the social life of community Looking at the threat and cruelty experienced by the ruling EPRDF party for the whole society especially women for 25 years, currently there is no hope that democratic right be secured.Therefore, we should unite and eliminate our sexual divergence and start the army struggle for democratic rights and abolish the ruling dictatorial EPRDF part
9	Women rights would not be guaranteed by the EPRDF. It's a known fact that women are half of society. Because of the policies of the past autocratic rulers in our country, women were not able to equally participate in the social, economic and political life of society. There was no chance for women to come out and express their voices and to express their democratic rights. Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability. Women of our country have contributed everything required by the struggle for their own rights and the rights of the oppressed population. During the struggle, they faced natural and human-made obstacles, but confronted these obstacles by arming themselves on an equal footing with their brothers; participating equally fearlessly in battles, facing bullets and land mines, and acted like lionesses. Ethiopian women, and especially Tigray women, have paid a heavy toll in terms of life and disability; they performed historic and heroic acts; and became lionesses, achieving their objectives in total victory. The fruit of their struggle and sacrifices, however, have been hijacked by the treacherous TPF/EPRDF regime, and the victory that was paid for in blood is wasted. Today, women are facing countless problems and live abject conditions. As the entire dispossessed population of Ethiopia did not see the fruits of its spectacular 17-year struggle, women, as half of society, have not been able to realize any gains, either. Therefore, since the governance that women and the whole country are subjected to is so abusive and atrocious, women, like all members of society, are devoid of their rights. They are experiencing double abuse by the TPLF/EPRDF regime. They are burdened by these problems and are in dire conditions of merciless poverty, migration, famine, diseases, ignorance, abuse, imprisonment, suffering and death. The abuse of human rights and unemployment prevailing in our country have created disorder in the social livelihoods of women. Those sisters of ours who cannot withstand all these problems have emigrated to take refuge elsewhere and are facing abuse and humiliation along the way. Even for their future lives to live freely fighting for their privileges, they have been deprived to struggle for their rights, to organize and to educate themselves. They keep them in darkness. In name only, the regime talks tactically of associations, leagues, women's federation, Meles leadership training academy, etc. Presenting women as part and parcel of the evil regime, it does everything to keep them under its full control, obedient to its policies, by depriving them of their human rights. Therefore, the struggle that was aimed at justice, peace, democratic rights, equality and respect has been hijacked. It is serving the needs of the minority. Today, because of cheap and cliquish administration, the country and its people are moving toward dangerous downfall and confusion with the unity of the country in perils. This has led to the lives of innocent citizens to vanish in streets. Many citizens are being hunted and taken to prisons by security forces for crimes they didn't commit. This increases the agony and suffering of our mothers and sisters. This is because women are the social life of society. Therefore, the ruling EPRDF regime, which, for the last 25 years, committed atrocities by trampling the rights of citizens, and especially those of women, it will not guarantee human and democratic rights now. Therefore, without difference of gender, we must get rid of the selfish regime by joining the process of armed struggle for democratic change
2	RT @VOATigrigna: An air raid by the US air force killed 80 Deash militants in the city of Sirt
2	RT @VOATigrigna: It has been reported that over 80 ISIS fighters were killed in the bombing by US fighter planes in the city of Sirte. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrigna #USA #Libya #Sirte https:/..
5	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and resident was looted and destroyed says "I lack a shelter for my children". Because of the unrest and turmoil that happened in Gondar last week 9...
5	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and residence were robbed and destroyed says, "I have no place to shelter my children." In the crisis and unrest that occurred last week in Gondar, 9 ...
0	Our sources in Sudan reported that human traffickers in Sudan and the Sudanese police are targeting houses rented by Eritreans and they are forcing them to make the perilous journey to Libya. The smugglers and the police have made this arrangement for financial gain
0	In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them through the vicious journey to Libya. The traffickers are gambling with the lives of Eritreans in exchange for bloodstained money, according to our sources in Sudan. In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them to Libya, according to the information obtained from our sources in Sudan
2	More than 60 Eritreans who have been smuggled out of Sudan and taken to Libya by human traffickers became victims in a fighting between the Sudanese border officers and Libyan terrorists at the Sahara desert. One girl and one young man were shot dead and another Eritrean who lied on the soil after injury remained in the desert and his fate is still unknown
2	More than 60 Eritreans were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, before they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. More than 60 Eritreans led by human traffickers were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, when they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. Another Eritrean who was shot was left behind as no one could pick him up and his whereabouts are unknown now, from the reports obtained from Sudan
6	"When we complain about water, now we have electricity problem as well" residents of of Mekele City, starting from 7[th] February including today have been experiencing power cuts and are hindered from work and daily...
6	"We were talking about water supply; electric supply is even worse". Residents of the city of Mekele starting from yesterday, Lekatit 7, including today, in the whole town of Mekele, electric power was interrupted and work and daily ...
9	The World Health Organization (WHO) sent an emergency aid group to Ethiopia, an emergency aid group was sent to Ethiopia that is experiencing the worst draught in the last decades
9	World Health Organization (WHO)'s has sent an emergency team to Ethiopia. ... an emergency team to Ethiopia, which is facing the worst drought in the last decades.
9	The information that indicated the people who live in the town of Sekota in the North Wollo zone in the Amhara region, is exposed to serious hunger caused by draught, the lack of food that doesn't give time and since the authorities of the ruling regime who know this has happened in the town could not look into the matter and are unable to provide the necessary help, it was learned they are leaving the villages and migrating
9	The entire population of Sokota town in North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, are suffering from starvation due to drought. But, because the authorities of the ruling regime, who know the urgency of the food shortage in the town, did not care or provide the needed assistance, the residents are leaving the town and migrating elsewhere
6	in addition it was understood that as a result of using unsafe water the disease started to spread in Addis Ababa residents starting from June 2008. Especially in this week the disease is spreading highly in vast areas, in Addis Ababa City, districts of Bolie, Yeka, Aqaqi, Kolfie, and in Nfas Slklafto district
6	Moreover, the disease is spreading in the city of Addis Ababa since June 2016 due to unsafe drinking water. But in this week, the epidemic has spread to several localities of Addis Ababa including Bole, Yeka, Akaki, Kolfe and Nefas Silk Lafto districts
6	According to news that just reached us, lighting power that has been interrupted in most areas of Mekelle has been restored, the reason for the interruption is unknown//Laza Tigriny
6	News just received indicate that power supply, which was interrupted in most neighborhoods of Mekele, has been resumed. So far, the reason for its interruption is not known. Laza Tigrigna
2	The Paris terrorist attack wasted over a hundred lives November 13, 2015
2	Paris terror attack has killed over one hundred people. November 13th, 2015.
5	The ruling government has not done enough deal with the floods caused by heavy rain in Moyale and surrounding areas, and as a result there were heavy losses in human lives and property, a report based on eyewitnesses said
5	Reports citing residents indicated that heavy rains and flooding that hit Moyale and the surrounding areas in the last few days, coupled with the ruling regime's inaction, have caused serious damage to human life and property
0 9	According the information reported, the flood caused by rainfalls which took lives and damaged property also made a huge disaster on the agricultural lands and roads. In the last few days in Oromo province, Balie zone, a rainfall caused flooding which took life of nine people and several domestic animals, and 560 hectare of farm land was totally destroyed
0 9	According to the received information, flooding caused by heavy rainfall in different parts of the country is claiming lives and damaging agricultural products which are still uncollected from the farm. In Bale zone of Oromia region, uninterrupted heavy rain and the following flooding claimed 9 lives and killed several domestic animals. Moreover, crops on 560 ha land were also damaged
0	The heavy rainfall in different parts of our country has caused huge loss in life and property and 400 thousand citizens have been exposed to danger, reports indicate. According the information reported, the flood caused by rainfalls which took lives and damaged property also made a huge disaster on the agricultural lands and roads. In the last few days in Oromo province, Balie zone, a rainfall caused flooding which took life of nine people and several domestic animals, and 560 hectare of farm land was totally destroyed. After the torrential rainfall breached the road from Robi to Goro, transportation service has stopped in the area. In similar news, the rain in the east Harerge killed two children and the road from Deriedawa to Harere was breached. Moreover on the road from Mojo to Hawasa a bridge was blocked by debris of flooding from the rainfall of Meki surrounding and became difficult for the movement of vehicles. Besides a flood passed through Asala town,destroying the town road. There was massive disaster due to the heavy rainfall in the Afar region of north Shiwa (shiwarobit) in the Seltie zone; Jijiga, Deredawa,Arba mince, Debubewelo and other parts of our country.400 thousands of citizens may have been damaged by the accident and about 180 people were displaced from their settlements. However, the government had no any appropriate preparations and actions taken for the safety of the natural disaster affected citizens
0	Heavy rain has damaged properties, claimed lives and put 400,000 people at risk in various parts of our country. According to the received information, flooding caused by heavy rainfall in different parts of the country is claiming lives and damaging agricultural products which are still uncollected from the farm. In Bale zone of Oromia region, uninterrupted heavy rain and the following flooding claimed 9 lives and killed several domestic animals. Moreover, crops on 560 ha land were also damaged. The continuous heavy rain has cut off the road from Robe to Goro and transportation service has been halted in the area. In a related news, heavy rain in East Hararghe claimed the lives of 2 children and broke apart the road from Dire Dawa to Harar. The road from Mojo - Hawassa has also been blocked following the heavy rain and resulting flooding of the road. This has caused road traffic blockage. Apart from this, flooding in the town of Assela has broken the main road in the town. Effects of heavy rain are also observed in Afar region, North Shewa Zone (Shewa Robit), in Silte Zone, Jigjiga, Dire Dawa, Arba Minch, South Wollo zone and other parts of our country. 400,000 people are at the risk of flooding and 180,000 are expected to be displaced from home. However, the government has not provided victims of this disaster with sufficient assistance and early preparatory works are not undertaken as well
6	Besides Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease has been reported in South Sudan and Uganda, according to some reports
6	Apart from Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease is also reported to have occurred in South Sudan and Uganda
6	The Sudanese Ministry of Health reported that the contagiousness of the disease has stopped and fewer people are now reported to have the disease. Radio Tamazu reported that 12 people have died at the border of Sudan and Ethiopia, and doctors in the region have demanded that the government declare a state of emergency in the region and ask the U.N. for medical assistance, the report said
6	Sudan's Ministry of Health has indicated that the epidemic had stopped and the number of infections was decreasing. However, in areas along the border between Sudan and Ethiopia, 12 people died from cholera, according to Radio Tamazuj, which added that doctors in the State called on the government to announce the presence of the disease and ask help from the World Health Organization
6	Even though medical personnel confirmed the disease is attacking many people in Eritrea, the Ministry of Health has not given the public any information on how to combat the disease
6	Although medical professionals have confirmed the disease is infecting people in Eritrea, the Health Ministry has not made any statement or given any instructions for the public to take precautions
2	The Government of Ethiopia says `I apprehended terrorists sent from Eritrea and killed those who tried to escape.' Today night the federal anti-terrorism joint police task force...
2	We have captured terrorists sent by Eritrea, and killed those attempting to escape, says Ethiopian government. The joint anti-terrorism task force of the federal police today ...
2	Video: Iraqi Forces Capture Eastern Mosul from ISIS Iraqi army has controlled eastern Mosul, the former capital city of Daesh
2	Video: Iraqi Forces 'Capture Eastern Mosul from ISIS: The Iraqi military took control of western Mosul, which was the capital city of ISIS.
2	following the attack on Paris French tighten guarding and searching
2	French police tighten security and searches following Paris attack.
9	Based on the information, after explaining the draught shortage that has happened in the South Ethiopian region in the surroundings Hamer is exposing the people and the cattle to serious dangers, particularly at this time when 25% of the total number of the resident of the region have become dependents of aid, since they could not find attention from the occupational regime, they have become victims of suffering brought about by hunger
9	The information indicated that both people and animals are facing severe danger due to the drought in the Hamer areas of the Southern Region. Currently, 25 percent of the population is in need of aid, but because of lack of attention by the ruling regime, they are suffering from starvation
9	In addition, the information said, even though the authorities of the regime say that Ethiopia is showing many fold growth and there is stored emergency food enough for the next three years, they said they need 500 million dollars to feed the 8.5 million people affected by hunger nationwide and have sent appeal messages begging from international donors, though they were lecturing earlier that they have three years-worth of emergency food
9	The regime's officials were saying that, as a result of the fast growth that Ethiopia had registered, they had emergency reserves of grain sufficient for three years. However, they have now appealed to the world's humanitarian donors to provide them with 500 million dollars to feed the 8.5 million people affected by drought nationwide. Not what they have been saying about three-year emergency reserve
9	A spokesman for the Government Communication Affairs Office of Ethiopia has announced that Ethiopia is about to enter into the new Gregorian year of 2017 after successfully resisting the impacts of the El-Nino caused drought and the restoration of peace and stability after the riots in the country. But, Dr. Derese Getachew, Associate Professor at the Oyona college of New York says that the country is moving into the New Year with serious predicaments at hand
9	The spokesperson for Ethiopia's Office of Communication said that Ethiopia is entering 2017 of the Gregorian calendar after fighting against a drought caused by El Nino and the winding down of the clashes in the country. But Dr. Derese Getachew, assistant professor at Ayona College, New York, says that the country is entering the year facing big challenges
9	UNICEF:"The victims of the drought in Ethiopia are women and children"
9	"Women and children are the victims of the drought affecting Ethiopia" Save the Children.
9	RT @VOATigrigna: In Ethiopia,it is repoted that 612 million dollars is needed for emergency food ai
9	612 million dollars needed for emergency food aid in Ethiopia.
2	The Israeli government follows a policy of denying refugee status to Eritrean migrants
2	The Israeli government has been enforcing a policy that automatically denies all asylum applications submitted by Eritrean refugees
2	Current news - DW reported that German politicians and experts warned it is unwise for Germany to follow a policy of ignoring the gross human rights violations by the authoritarian regime of Issayas in return for containing migrants. (Israel,, Iran, Ethiopia as well) Germany - a delegate from the authoritarian regime of Issayas including the foreign affairs minister met with senior German officials. It was after this meeting that DW put a headline entitled "what shall come first from the protection of human rights and containment of the influx of migrants' and reports of German politicians and experts warned it is unwise for Germany to follow a policy of ignoring the gross human rights violations by the authoritarian regime of Issayas in return for containing migrants. "We have to take care that the talks between Germany and Eritrea don't just prevent the migration to Europe and change nothing about the human rights situation in Eritrea," warned the German Green Party parliamentarian "What is important, is that the Eritrean government allows an investigation into the human rights situation before the two governments speak to each other," added the lawmaker who is also the deputy chairperson of the German-East African group in the Bundestag. From the European side, there is the hope that if they invest money in the country, people will no longer be forced into this long military service and as a result, will not want to flee. That is simply naive," argued Nicole Hirt, an expert on Eritrea at the GIGA institute in Hamburg. She warned that Europe should rather put more pressure on Eritrea before putting money into it. According to the information from Deutsche Welle, Germany is one of the countries affected by the influx of Eritrean migrants and 25,000 Eritreans sought asylum in Germany in the past year alone. DW also mentioned the UN report accusing the autocratic regime of Issayas of committing crimes against humanity including abuses, rape and violence. The report also quoted the Chairperson of the UN Commission of Inquiry as saying "Eritrea is an authoritarian State. There is no independent judiciary, no national assembly and there are no other democratic institutions in Eritrea." -- -- -- -- -- -- Israeli newspapers reported that a court in Israel overruled the interior ministry's legal opinion that Eritreans who deserted from their country's army are never entitled to refugee status. The Israeli government follows a policy of denying refugee status to Eritrean migrants. This ruling of the court allows migrants to submit their individual requests. Only 4 migrants are granted refugees status out of the 43,000 Eritrean and Sudanese migrants who entered in Israel until March of this year. Iran/Yemen - The Iranian news agency (Farsi) reported that Saudi Arabia is training 5,000 militants in Eritrea to use them in the on-going war in Yemen. The terrorists were transferred from various terrorists groups in Libya. The terrorists, some of whom are from the Al-Qaeda, will be dispatched to Najran, Jizzan and Asir provinces to fight against the Yemeni army and popular forces and prevent their further advances in Southern Saudi Arabia. The authoritarian regime of Issayas gushed that it is the main force fighting terrorism in the horn of Africa and dismissed the information. However, the regime has been involved in the recruitment, training and supporting of militant groups such as Al-Shabab in Somalia with the support of Qatar. The regime has also been involved in the internal affairs of Yemen alongside Saudi Arabia, playing a destructive role with bigger consequences in the region. Ethiopia - BBC reported that 23 inmates died inside a prison in Ethiopia due to a fire accident while they were demonstrating against the government. The news cited reports of gunfire after the incident in the prison located inside Addis Ababa. The news also cites unconfirmed reports that the fire was deliberately started by the prisoners in a bid to escape from the prison
2	Germany's decision to ignore the open human rights abuses by the autocratic regime of Isaias as a tradeoff to block the influx of refugees has raised concern and criticism from politicians and experts, who have called the approach "naïve," reports Deutsche Welle. (and also Israel, Iran, Ethiopia) After official delegates including the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the autocratic regime of Isaias had met and held talks with the countries' officials, Deutsche Welle published an article titled "Defending Human Rights or Curbing Migration." Germany's decision to ignore the open human rights abuses by the autocratic regime of Isaias as a tradeoff to block the influx of refugees has received criticism from politicians and experts, who have called it "a naive approach." They have also expressed their misgivings, reported Deutsche Welle. "We have to take care that the talks between Germany and Eritrea don't just prevent emigration to Europe and change nothing about the human rights situation in Eritrea," warned the German Green Party MP. "What is important is that the Eritrean government allows an investigation into the human rights situation before the two governments speak to each other," adds the MP, who is also the deputy chairperson of the German-East African group, according to Deutsche Welle. "From the viewpoint of the European politicians, there is the hope that if they invest money in the country, people will no longer be forced into extended military service and as a result will not want to flee. That is simply naive," argued Nicole Hirt, an expert on Eritrea at the GIGA institute in Hamburg. She also warned, "I think that Europe should instead put more pressure on Eritrea before putting money into it." According to the information obtained from Deutsche Welle, since Germany is the preferred destination of refugees, therefore 25,000 Eritreans sought asylum in Germany just last year. The United Nations has confirmed that Isaias' autocratic regime has committed crimes against humanity in its detention camps and military facilities, including torture, enslavement, rape and murder, reports Deutsche Welle. "Eritrea is an authoritarian State. There is no independent judiciary, no national assembly and there are no other democratic institutions," said the chair of the UN's Commission of Inquiry. -- -- -- -- -- -- Israel: the Interior Ministry has rejected the asylum requests of Eritreans based solely on their status as army deserters in their home country; an appeals tribunal has overruled the Interior Ministry's legal opinion that they are never entitled to refugee status. The Israeli government has been enforcing a policy that automatically denies all asylum applications submitted by Eritrean refugees. The ruling from the tribunal requires the Interior Ministry to assess all applications for asylum individually. Up until March of this year, Israel has refused to consider more than 43 thousand asylum applications by Eritreans and Sudanese nationals. Of these, only 4 were approved. Iran/Yemen: according to the Farsi News Agency, Saudi Arabia has transferred nearly 5,000 militants from Libya. The militants, who belong to a number of terrorist groups, are now receiving military training in Eritrea to fight against Yemen. The terrorists, some of whom are from Al-Qaeda, will be dispatched to Najran, Jizzan and Asir provinces to fight against the Yemeni army and popular forces and undertake to prevent their further advances in southern Saudi Arabia. However, the autocratic regime of Isaias has attempted to dismiss the report by stating, "Eritrea has been in the forefront of the fight against terrorism," in a statement issued by the government. However, the regime in its bid to quench its perpetual desire for power and control, has demonstrably cared less for the stability of the Horn of Africa. In partnership with Qatar, the regime has been involved in supporting militant groups like Al-Shabab by providing them with recruitment and training services. The regime continues to play a highly destructive role in the region by joining the Saudi Arabia-led coalition to assist the Saudis' involvement in the internal affairs of Yemen. Ethiopia: at least 23 inmates have died after a fire broke out at an Ethiopian prison where anti-government protesters are reportedly being held, reports the BBC. Gunfire could be heard from the vicinity of the detention facility, which is located on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, according to the report. Reports that the fire was started deliberately as part of an attempted jailbreak have not been independently verified
2	However, the regime has been involved in the recruitment, training and supporting of militant groups such as Al-Shabab in Somalia with the support of Qatar. The regime has also been involved in the internal affairs of Yemen alongside Saudi Arabia, playing a destructive role with bigger consequences in the region
2	However, the regime in its bid to quench its perpetual desire for power and control, has demonstrably cared less for the stability of the Horn of Africa. In partnership with Qatar, the regime has been involved in supporting militant groups like Al-Shabab by providing them with recruitment and training services. The regime continues to play a highly destructive role in the region by joining the Saudi Arabia-led coalition to assist the Saudis' involvement in the internal affairs of Yemen
2	Somali troops said they killed 8 armed Al Shabab members
2	Somalia's army says it killed eight armed men from Al Shabab.
2	12 people died in a suicide bomb attack in Cameron
2	Suicide attacks that occurred in Cameroun killed 12 people.
0	#Eritrea #ارترياLibyan authorities said they have arrested 120 illegal migrants on Triploi sea coast
0	#Eritrea. Libyan officials have reported that they have taken in custody 120 refugees along the coast of the city of Tripoli.
9	Even if the EPRDF regime covers up the increase of prices it will be uncovered. The increase of prices in our country created because of the corrupt administration of the EPRDF regime has resulted in social problems our entire society and it is getting worse from time to time, because of the high prices, particularly those who have low income cannot find the different things them need, it is clear they are exposed to worse problems. However, the occupational EPRDF regime that says it is administering our country and people, because it could not find supply for our people who live in different places and in a time that they are suffering from the increase in prices and demand they are heard saying the economy of the country is on the fat road of growth and lecturing with dead words. Particularly at this time the regime is not providing enough support to a considerable number of our citizens who are hit by draught caused by shortage of rain and they are losing their lives, in addition to the increase of prices that is coming to our country from time to time and knowing this the regime says the people lack nothing through the window of television, this proves it is not a group that stands for the people. And this has enabled the people to totally lose faith on the occupational regime and to lose hope. The occupational EPRDF regime that is know by its pretension not by its deeds, the people, be it girls or boys, old and young are forced to stand queues at hotels to buy leftovers. And this clearly shows the failing of the economy of our country Because of that the affected society is repeatedly presenting its problems to the government but not listened and that has made it make its anger worse; and the wealthy are increasing prices and selling as they please, and that has made the poor unable to buy and has expose them to problems. And because the monthly salaries that is paid to government workers has been lowered and the lack means to buy grain, sweetener items like oil, onions and sugar, and to pay rents, they are migrating to other countries. As such, the EPRDF regime is saying our people are eating three times a day and saying that in particular forums for years, but the people, because of the living price hikes and what followed, and being asked to pay taxes beyond their means and lack the means to pay, in frustration is asking to hand over their lands but they could not find anyone to listen to them. In the last weeks in a market survey they conducted in a grain store, the leaders of EPRDF in Addis Ababa they were heard saying there was no price hikes; but the people are angered by the lopsided answer. Food items that are needed to build the life of human beings, such as meat, butter. Eggs and the like that have been missing from their tables for many years, wealthy people who opened restaurants that are found in many localities of Addis Ababa rare not benefitting, the problem is worsening from time to time, after investing their heavenly wealth to serve the people, now they are seen closing the restaurants
9	Price hikes exposed despite EPRDF's cover up It is apparent that the worsening inflation created by the EPRDF regime's corrupt administration has been causing great difficulties in the living conditions of the entire society, and particularly for low-income citizens, who are unable to meet their basic needs. However, as the public suffers from skyrocketing prices, the ruling EPRDF regime, who claims to govern the nation and people, is unable to provide for the basic needs of the population living in various locations, while at the same time it vainly claims the country's economy is on a fast lane to growth. Especially at this time, as many citizens have lost their lives because of the regime's failure to provide adequate aid to those affected by the drought, and as price hikes increasingly get worse in various parts of the country, the regime has been saying on television that the public's needs were satisfied, which is testimony to the fact that this is a clique that doesn't care about the people. Hence, the public has completely lost confidence in the ruling regime, and it has lost hope. The ruling EPRDF regime, known for its hypocrisy rather than its action, has forced the public, girls and boys, old and young, to wait in queues in front of hotels, to buy leftovers. And this shows clearly the failure of our nation's economy. The affected communities have repeatedly been complaining about the problems they face, without anyone giving any heed, which has increased their anger. Meanwhile, businesspeople have been increasing prices as they wished, depriving the public of its purchasing power and exposing it to hardship. Government employees as well are unable to pay with their low salaries for grains and other groceries like cooking oil, vegetables and sugar, as well as rent. Therefore, they have been leaving for other countries. For many years, and on various occasions, the EPRDF regime has said our people get three meals a day. But, the people have been suffering from the effects of inflation and, on top of that, are being asked to pay taxes beyond their ability. Out of frustration, they have told the government to take their land, but didn't get any response. Following a market survey of a grain store in Addis Ababa in the previous week, EPRDF leaders were heard saying prices were not rising. The public, however, is angered by this perverse response. It has been years since the public brought to its table such nutritious foods as meat, butter and eggs, that are necessary for building the body. Due to the worsening living conditions, businesspeople in various regions and in Addis Ababa who had invested their life savings in restaurants, with the aim of serving the public, are being forced to close them for lack of customers
9	The number of South African children suffering from hunger and shortage of balanced diet is increasing
9	The number of children suffering from hunger and lack of balanced diet in eastern and southern Africa is on the rise.
2	`alleged terrorists sent from Eritrea were apprehended and those who attempted to escape were killed' Th government of Ethiopia
2	The Ethiopian government says it captured what it described as terrorists sent by Eritrea and killed those who attempted to escape.
0	In a time that EPRDF ruling regime authorities are blubbering in their media claiming that their country has developed and peace and good governance is wide spread, youth who number in the thousands are migrating and becoming victims, risking death and suffering, the agency added after mentioning that 317 refugees need 200,00 dollars to return to their country, but since there is no one who is interested in Ethiopians, concerned representative diplomats of different countries in Malawi indicated that the Ethiopian leaders are not interested in their citizens
0	At a time when the ruling EPRDF regime is making a lot of noise about the country's development, peace and good governance, thousands of youth are leaving the country becoming victims of suffering and death. The news organization further added that 200,000 dollars was needed to repatriate the 317 migrants. However, as there is no one who cares about these Ethiopians, various foreign diplomats in the country who were concerned about this situation have indicated that Ethiopian leaders did not care about their citizens
2	Ethiopian opposition group, Arbenoch 7, claimed responsibility for the attacks in Southern Ethiopia.
2	The Ethiopian Opposition front - Ginbot 7 Veterans Movement has taken responsibility for the attack in the south of Ethiopia.
2	In Somalia six people have died in a suicide attack: In Somalia, Galkayu city, suicide attack which was aimed at the Minister of the Treasury of the country...
2	Six people killed in a suicide attack in Somalia: The suicide attack in the town of Galkayo, Somalia, which targeted an official of the Ministry of Finance....
2	(pictorial news) bombs that exploded in Jakarta waste lives
2	(Pictorial account) Bombs exploded in Jakarta resulted in loss of human life.
2	Heavy shooting and sound of explosives rocked the city of Mogadishu. Heavy shooting and sound of explosives were heard in Mogadishu, the capital city of Somalia.
2	Heavy fighting and explosions rocked Mogadishu. Heavy fighting and explosion was heard in the Somali capital, Mogadishu. The attack happened in a well-known restaurant Lido.
2	3 people were killed and 4 wounded in Mogadishu due to the heavy shooting and explosion.
2	3 died and 4 wounded in a Mogadishu heavy fighting and explosions.
2	7. Just yesterday, we have seen our Eritrean brothers and sisters sinking in the sea, and others being brutally slaughtered by knives and guns in Libya
2	Only yesterday, we saw our young brothers drown in the Mediterranean in droves and being brutally slaughtered with knives and shot with guns in Libya
2	America conducted an aerial bombing of areas that Daesh controls in Libya. ... America carried out bombing on the Western coastal areas controlled by Daesh
2	The US has conducted air raids in areas of Libya controlled by Daesh: The US conducted air raids in the eastern coasts of Libya controlled by Daesh, said Mi......
0	It is being reported that 700 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean Sea. Even if there is warm air and calm sea, over 700 migrants who were crossing to Europe in the Mediterranean Sea...
0	Over 700 refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, reports say. Even as the air is warm and the sea is calm, more than 700 refugees who were attempting to cross to Europe, ... in the Mediterranean ...
2	A call was made for transparency on the attacks that America carries out by unmanned airplanes against terrorists. In recent days in Pakistan from the leader of Taliban until...
2	A call made for transparency in drone attacks carried out against terrorists by America. In the last few days in Pakistan, from the leader of the Taliban to ...
9	On his part, a spokesman of Ethiopia's Ministry of Agriculture stated that the hunger has not yet affected humans and there is sufficient amount of food if the situation worsens
9	Ethiopia's Ministry of Agriculture spokesperson has sent a message that the famine hasn't hit people, but if it does, we have enough food reserves
9	On the part of Eritrea, 3 farmers from the southern zone who spoke to VOA stated that their locality is experiencing shortage of rainfall
9	In Eritrea, three farmers from Zoba Debub who were interviewed by the VOA said that there is a shortage of rain
0 9	Ethiopian refugees and journalists in Nairobi, Kenya went on hunger strike sitting in front of amnesty international office, demanding the sanction on Habtamu Ayalew- political party member to be lifted and allow him for medical aid abroad
0 9	Ethiopian refugees living in Kenya are holding a hunger strike in front of the office of Amnesty International in Nairobi to demand that Habtamu Ayalew, a journalist and politician shall be allowed to get medication in overseas
9	Report indicates that from the meeting conducted by the Amhara region north of WOLLO ,Lalibela district, many people have died by the drought
9	In a public meeting that took place this week in the Lalibela area, North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, it was revealed that many people had died due to drought
9	Drought affected students were given educational material as aid: In Tigray region, sub zone Awlailo, due to decline in household earnings, families were unable to buy educational materials...
9	School materials donated to students affected by drought. In Tigray Region, Kilite Awla'lo District, families affected by low harvest ... to enable them to buy school materials for their children.
9	The number of Ethiopians in need of food aid are18 million in total- USAID officials: In the new year 2016, which started today, a number of people are in need of aid...
9	"18 million Ethiopians in total need food aid", USAID official: ... who need food aid in the new year 2016, which starts today, ...
9	" The number of Ethiopians in need of food aid are 18 million in total," USAID officials.
9	"18 million Ethiopians in total need food aid", USAID official.
2	the Ethiopian ambassador stated that Al Shabab that set out to attack the Ethiopian army camp was met with defeat, today, Thursday, at dawn to the camp of the Ethiopian peace keeping forces in Somalia...
2	The Ethiopian Ambassador said that al-Shabaab group that was planning to attack an Ethiopian army base was defeated: Early today, Thursday, ...into Ethiopian Peace Keeping Forces base in Somalia....
0	Looting of properties and houses and displacements in Shinfaa Gondar: around 400 residents of Shinfaa Metema; due to the unrest that was created in the city, they were displaced from their houses; federal P...
0	Robbery against property and houses, and displacement in Shinfae, Gondar. Around 400 residents were displaced from their homes because of the unrest in Shinfae Metema. Federal ...
2	The 29 years old Habtom Weldemichael; on October 18 in the city of Beersheba; in the attack that happened at a bus terminal, Israeli security forces thought two people among those who committed the attack was one, after they shot and wounded him in the leg , Israelis who live in the area beat him with chairs and other things and because of the heavy wounds it is remembered that he breathed his last breath after he was taken to the hospital
2	In the aftermath of an attack in a bus station in Be'er Sheva, 29-year old Habtom Woldemichael was shot and wounded in the leg by Israeli security forces who thought he was one of the two attackers. Israelis who were in the area then battered him with chairs and other stuff causing him grave injuries. He died soon after being taken to the hospital
2	A terrorist attack was carried out in Munich, Germany, in the terrorist attack that was carried out in Munich, Germany, ten people were killed, including the person who executed the terrorist attack
2	In Munich, Germany a terrorist attack operation killed 9 people: A terrorist operation that took place in Munich, Germany took the lives of ten people, including the terrorist.
9	The USA; sent emergency aid workers to help combat drought in Ethiopia: The USA has sent emergency aid workers to Ethiopia, and who will arrive today... ...
9	America has sent emergency aid workers to combat drought in Ethiopia. Emergency aid workers sent by America to fight drought in Ethiopia started to arrive today ...
9	The USA: Will give additional 268 million dollars aid of food to Ethiopia: USA: will send 268 million dollars in the coming three months... 268...
9	America will provide additional 268 million dollars for the drought that has affected Ethiopia. For the drought that is affecting Ethiopia, in the coming three months, America ... 268 ....
2	The Oromo uprising is an act of a terrorism, say Ethiopian anti-terrorism forces
2	Disturbance in Oromia Region is the work of forces with terrorist agenda, says Ethiopia's Anti-Terrorism Task Force.
9	PFDJ's rule, on top of the natural changes in price of food the policy it is following, is hindering Eritrea from economic growth
9	Reports indicate that in addition to natural variations in climatic conditions causing food shortages and subsequent price increases, the PFDJ regime has stifled the Eritrean economy thus causing deterioration in the standards of living of the Eritrean people
9	WFP also reported that in many countries, like Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Uganda and Tanzania the price of food has doubled
9	In many parts of Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Uganda and Tanzania, prices of cereals have doubled, the World Food Program reported
9	In South Sudan the price increased from double to quadruple last year, while in Kenya he price of maize has doubled, WFP reported
9	The World Food Program further reported that food prices in South Sudan have increased by two to four times from last year; while in Kenya, the price of maize has gone up by almost three times
9	According to the report from WFP, more than 12 millon people in Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia are in danger of famine
9	According to WFP reports, about 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia are in danger of famine due to recurring drought
9	In the Horn of Africa the price of food increased due to drought
9	Food prices have skyrocketed in the Horn of Africa due to drought
0	Based on the information from our sources the rehabilitation building in Gondar caught fire by unknown reasons and the police who were in guard prevented the prisoners from going out they incurred serious injuries, after explain that, as a result over 17 prisoners died at the time there are around 7 hundred who were injured, and when the resident people who observed the shocking situation went to help the police fired bullets and prevented them from getting closer and it was learned that the number of the injured increased
0	According to our sources, a fire blast occurred in a prison in Gondar the source of which is unknown. The inmates were prevented by the guards from escaping, as a result of which more than 17 prisoners died at once, while approximately 7 hundred were injured. It has been learned that, seeing this, many residents rushed to the scene to provide help, but were turned back by the police who fired shots, leading to the number of casualties to increase
9	WFP said, more than 13 million dollars is needed to help Ethiopian farmers affected by drought: Ethiopia has beeb affected by severe drought at this time...
9	The World Food Program announced that 13 million dollars was needed to assist famers in Ethiopia who have been affected by drought. At this moment in which Ethiopia is suffering severe drought, Ethiopian ...
9	In this year due to the drought strike in Raya Azebo, people are complaining about the aid. Only for survival, 15kg wheat and half liter of oil per individual per month is not enough
9	Residents of Raya Azebo reported that the food aid they received, following the severe drought they experienced this year, was not only late in coming, but too little, consisting of just 15 kilos of wheat and one liter of cooking oil, only meant to prevent death
2	The city of Brussels is under heavy guard and search: as a continuation of the Paris attack the hunting that is going on to find Saleh Abdusalam the main suspect starting on Saturday...
2	Tight security and searches in Brussels. In a continuation of the manhunt to find the main suspect in the Paris attack, Saleh Abdusalam, starting Saturday ...
9	Washington - IGAD (Inter Governmental Agency for Development) released alert warning today stating that the drought will continue for the next three months in east, central and west Africa
9	Washington - IGAD warned today that drought will continue in central and eastern Africa
9	It is recalled that the government of Ethiopia has asked for $1.1bn to help 10 million people. In its neighbors like Sudan and Somalia are also feeling the brunt of drought and internal conflicts
9	It should be recalled that the government of Ethiopia demanded 1.1 billion dollars to help out 10 million people. Its neighbors, South Sudan and Somalia, are affected by drought in addition to their internal conflicts
9	Drought has displaced about 300,000 people in the entire East Africa
9	In East Africa, three hundred thousand people are destabilized due to drought
9	Climate change caused by El-Nino has been hovering in Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia
9	Climate change caused by El Nino is also affecting Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia
9	There are newly erupted conflicts in this year in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
9	There are new conflicts occurring in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
2	Militants who tied to attack renaissance dam have been destroyed: 21 militants trained by Shaibia and Egypt entered to country by Benshangul gumez...
2	Armed infiltrators aimed at causing damage to the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam were killed. 21 EPLF-trained mercenaries of the PFDJ and Egypt infiltrated into the country through Benishangul-Gumuz...
5	RT @VOATigrigna the Mozambique police announced the cancellation of residence permits of 36 Ethiopians with which they were hiding for extended periods. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
5	RT @VOATigrigna: The Mozambique police announced that they demolished a house that was an illegal home to 36 Ethiopian immigrants. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
9	The EPRDF regime's administrators of the central zone of, Ahferom sub zone,Tabiya Hoya, of, are using the aid which came from charity organization for the poor people for their personal purpose
9	The ruling TPLF/EPRDF regime's administrators in Hoya station, Ahferom district, have been using for their own personal and family purposes aid that was received to help the hungry and destitute
9	Save the Children has stated yesterday that the Ethiopian government has notified them that out of 10.1 million people, 5.75 million are children
9	Save the Children reported that the government of Ethiopia has announced that 5.75 million out of the 10.1 million are children
2	Daesh killed a journalist who was working inside Syria. For the first time it shot a female journalist who was reporting from the places it controls Syria...
2	ISIS has killed a journalist working inside Syria. ISIS for the first time killed a female journalist who had been reporting from areas it controls.
2	#Eritrea #ارتريا It was learned that explosives thrown in Bahir Dar and Gondar resulted in harming human lives.
2	H0T00367F> #Eritrea #ارتريا : It's known that explosives that were thrown in the towns of Bahir Dar and Gondar have caused human death.
9	The Government of Ethiopia has already started supporting its people by asking for food aid from the world: the one who said there will be no single aid to enter...
9	In response to the famine and hardship facing the country, the Ethiopian government has started to alleviate the problem by appealing for international assistance. Those who do not allow food aid to come in or want it to be put in their hands...
0 9 5	Millions of people are at the risk of starvation due to the food shortage in South Suda
0 9 5	Millions are in danger of famine due to food shortages in South Sudan
2	Somali army said they killed eight Alshabab militants today: National Somali Army in a military mission they carried on today, Wednesday, said eight Alshabab militants... ...
2	The Somali army says it killed eight al-Shabaab militants. The National Somali Army in a military operation in central Somalia today, Wednesday, killed eight al-Shabaab...
6	One hundred twelve of our young citizens who came to Zula prison starting on 13/04/2016. Our young citizens after going through bad and inhuman handling, their suffering is increasing because of shortage of medical attention for the contagious disease of diarrhea that afflicted the prison are suffering severely under the risk of hovering death
6	One hundred and twelve (112) young citizens who came to Zula prison on 4/13/2016 have been suffering from bad and inhumane conditions. Their suffering has worsened by lack of medical attention and the spread of diarrhea in the prison, which has put them at risk of death
2	Between 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killes by Al Shabab, said the president of Somalia
2	Somali president says 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killed by Al Shabab. In an attack on a ... Union camp carried out last month in south-western Somalia ...
9	Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying
9	Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying
9	People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying. Dr. Sara Tewoldeberhan Gerbregziabher, Associate Professor at Mekelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash Gebrehiwot, lecturer at Towson University, expect world leaders who meet in Paris, France to sign a binding accord on climate change. Both scholars that we spoke to said that until the world does something, developing countries need to use irrigated agriculture and plant trees that take in carbon dioxide to resist the impacts of climate change. You can listen to the full content here. People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ Download 128 kbps 32 kbps Sound playe
9	People to People: On El Nino (Part Two) Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying. Associate professor Dr. Sara Teweldebrhan Gebregzabhier, of Mekkelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash, lecturer at Towsen University, Maryland, believe that the world leaders meeting in Paris, France can reach a binding agreement on climate change. Both intellectuals whom we interviewed said that developing countries should use irrigation systems in agriculture to feed their populations and introduce technology that absorbs burning air. Full content can be listened to here. People to People: On the Issue of El Nino (Part Two) (12:30) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ download 128 kbps 32 kbps play soun
2	: As part of the reaction to Al Shabab's attacks, America increases its aerial bombardment. The pressure created by Al Shabab whose movement is in Somalia, America's repeated attack...
2	USA: Continues aerial attack as part of the Anti-Al-Shabaab Terrorism Task-Force. Under pressure from the armed Al-Shabaab group moving in Somalia, the US carried our repeated aerial attacks...
2	An eye witness says a bomb was hurled at the Jimma University and students were wounded.
2	A bomb was thrown at Jimma University, injuring students, one eyewitness has said.
2	Somalia: The suicide attack was carried out by a member of parliament: A suicide attacker who killed 13 people in the capital city of Somalia, Mogadishu, was a member of par...
2	Somalia: It has been reported that the suicide bomber was a member of parliament. The suicide bomber, who killed 13 people yesterday, Tuesday, in the capital city of Somalia, was a member of ....
2	Daesh carried out suicidal attacks on Libyan oil corporations
2	ISIS has carried out suicide attacks in Libyan oil facilities.
2	Alshabab seized strategic port city of Merka: Alshsbab, said a strategic port city 100 KM to the south of the capital of Somalia...
2	Al-Shabaab controls the strategic port city of Merca. Al-Shabaab ... the strategic port city, located about 100 km south of the Somali capital.
2	Brussels the capital city of Belgium is shaken by bomb attacks that wasted tens of lives. While the two bomb attacks were at the Brussels airport the third...
2	Belgian capital Brussels rocked by three bomb attacks that have taken tens of lives. While two bomb attacks were at Brussels airport, the ...
9	In Ethiopian 10.2 million people reportedly need emergency food aid: In Ethiopia the number of people in need of emergency food aid is estimated between 8.2 million to 10.2 million... ...
9	It has been reported that 10.2 million people need emergence aid in Ethiopia. The number of people who need emergency aid due to the drought in Ethiopia ... from 8.2 million to 10.2 million.
0	"The Address" building caught fire.:
0	A Dubai building, "The Address", caught fire.
9	According to the information, in Tigray region Debub Zone, Alamata district, inhabitants of Hairele told to VOA (voice of America) administration authorities are enforcing people payment on the food aids donated for the drought affected people, by claiming they should buy fertilizers
9	According to our information, officials of Hairele Kebele of Alamata within South Zone of Tigray region are using the emergency food aid destined to the drought affected areas as a condition to demand farmers pay for fertilizers, residents of Hairle Kebele told VOA
2	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously wounded and 19 lightly wounded because of the bomb that exploded at the Anwar mosque. Today that a bomb exploded at the Anwar mosque that is located in Addis Ababa, to the ...
2	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously injured and 19 others suffered mild injuries in a bomb explosion in Anwar Mosque. The bomb explosion took place today in Anwar Mosque in Addis Ababa, an official ...
9	The Government of Ethiopia has called on the international community to give food aid
9	The Ethiopian government has appealed to international donors to provide aid those affected by drought.
9	The Government of Ethiopia has called on the international community to give food aid: In Ethiopia, more than 10.2 million people are in need of food aid...
9	The Ethiopian government has appealed to international donors to help those affected by drought. 10.2 million people need assistance due to the prevailing drought in Ethiopia, international...
9	The aid provided in Raya Azebo is not sufficient, said residents
9	Relief aid being given in response to the acute drought in Raya Azebo is not sufficient, residents say.
9	The people who live in the 2[nd] district, Welaelo of the Eastern zone of the Tigray region have been in shortage of safe water for years and they have been asked the governmental authorities to find solution for the problems, however no one was able to find solution and so the people are exposed to waterborne diseases
9	It has been years since the people who live in the district of Kilte Awlaelo, Western Zone, in Tigray Region, started to suffer for lack of clean drinking water. But since the concerned authorities in the zone and the district were unable to answer the peoples' question, at this moment the people are suffering from lack of clean water, and the use of contaminated water is exposing them to water-borne diseases
9	Besides, the people observed the administrators of the Atsbi Wenberta district were confiscating the food aid funded for the victims of draught by welfare agencies.Even though the government is singing for a goodwill administration, but there is nothing done practically, instead it is getting worse. So, it is known that the people are warning in that they will protest like what the people of Oromo are doing in opposing the regime's ill administration
9	Also, residents who observed that the administrators in the district of Atsbi Wenberta were using the aid that was given by charities for the benefit of the people affected by draught in the district, and apart from chanting about good governance to be implemented, there was no proper administration in reality, but is getting worse. It was learned that they are opposing the system ineffectively by saying they will carry out protests like that of the Oromo peopl
2	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul-Turkey: about 10 people died and another 15 were wounded because of the suicide bomb attack in the city of Istanbul.
2	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul, Turkey. 10 people killed and 15 others injured in a suicide bomb attack that took place in Istanbul city. Presi...
6 0	The handover ceremony was held today, Thursday, in the city of Addis Ababa. During this ceremony, Mrs. Morin Cheyn, IOM's representative to Ethiopia and the AU stated that the survey conducted by IOM reveals that around 630,000 people are displaced from August 2014 - May 2016 due to El-Nino
6 0	IOM's representative in Ethiopia and the African Union, Miss Morine Ochein, who was present today, Thursday, at the event at which the aid was delivered in Addis Ababa, said that, based on the assessment conducted by the organization, it has been determined that 630 thousand have been displaced from their homes from August 2014 up to May 2016 due to El Nino
9	USAID said it will give additional help to the draught in Ethiopia, that America will give additional help and that other donors will take similar steps ...
9	USAID promised to provide additional support for drought in Ethiopia. In response to drought in Ethiopia, since the US is giving additional support, other donors to take similar action gov......
2	Now again Islamic movement ISIS killed two Eritrean Christians. http://t.co/z9eLLueiK
2	Islamist movement ISIS once again kills two Eritrean Christians. Islamic State militants in Libya have killed two Eritrean... http://t.co/z9eLLueiK
2	witnesses say that the way the 14 people were killed in an attack yesterday in Gambella, is horrible.
2	Eyewitnesses say that the violence that killed 14 people in Gambela yesterday was horrible.
9	RT @VOATigrigna: Aid workers were told to leave drought affected areas in South Sudan. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #SSudan #AID #Famine..
9	RT @VOATigrigna: It's reported that international donors were forced to leave the regions of South Sudan that are in danger of facing famine. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #SSudan #AID #Famine..
2	it was stated the number of armed Somalis supported by Daesh is increasing. Abdi Hussein Puntland higher surveillance authority. Daesh through its arms in Yemen to Somalia...
2	It has been reported that the number of armed Somalis supported by ISIS is on the rise. Puntland senior intelligence official Abdi Hussein: ISIS, through its arm in Yemen ... to Somalia.
9	A 90 day campaign has started in Ethiopia to collect sufficient food aid
9	A 90-day campaign has started to raise funds in support of drought victims in Ethiopia.
2	29 people were killed in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, last Friday evening, heavy...
2	29 people died in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. The Capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou: In one of the big hotels last Friday evening heavy....
2	London: an attack with a knife was carried out. A Somali who killed a woman and wounded five others in London with extremism and terror..
2	London: A knife attack has taken place. The attack in which a Somali man in central London killed a woman and wounded five others using a knife, ... with extremism and terrorism.
9	The drought in Ethiopia is the worst in the history of the country, and as a result 8.2 million people are at risk, reported Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn
9	The current drought is the worst in the country's history, as a result of which 8.2 million people are at risk, Ethiopia's prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, has officially confirmed
9	After Ethiopia asked for aid from the international community to combat drought in the country, the U.S. sent aid worth 90 million, while the U.N. sent an emergency medical group
9	In response to Ethiopia's appeal for assistance from the international community to combat the unfolding natural disaster of drought, America has donated over 90 million worth of aid, while the United Nations has sent an emergency medical team
2	Malian soldiers attempt to control the hotel that was attacked by armed Islamists
2	Malian troops attempt to control the hotel that was attacked by armed Islamists.
2	Mali: attack in hotel has left three persons dead; The attack in the capital city of Mali, in Bakimo Randon Hotel has left three dead and hostages...
2	Mali: Three people killed in an attack that took place in a hotel: In the attack that took place in the Radisson Blue hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, 3 persons were killed and ... taken hostage.
9	RT @VOATigrigna: In drought affected areas of Somalia, there is fear of a cholera out break
9	RT @VOATigrigna: It has been reported that cholera is spreading in Somalia, which is facing famine.
9	The number of children suffering from starvation and malnutrition in East and South Africa is risin
9	In East Africa, the number of children suffering from famine and malnutrition is increasing
9	For instance, more than 10 million people are affected by hunger in Ethiopia. This figure is set to rise to 15 million by 2024 according to the organization
9	For instance, 10 million people are affected by drought in Ethiopia. The report says that this number will increase to 15 million in 2016
9	UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards indicated that the situation is even worse in north-western regions and northern sea El-Gazawin
9	UNHCR spokesperson Andia Edwards explained that the situation is worse in the north-west, in the northern Bahr El Gazal and Warap areas
0 9	The condition of refugees arriving in Sudan and their path of trip is awful. The influx of South Sudan refugees is attributed to the dwindling of food storage in the country
0 9	The UNHCR spokesperson explained that those who arrive in Sudan are in bad condition because of the dangerous journey that they make, and that the flow of South Sudanese emigrants will increase due to the deteriorating food shortages
2	In recent weeks the cities' masterplan announcement that occupational regime had earlier issued, without first talking with the people, it has embarked on implementing in immediately in the surroundings of Addis Ababa and Finfine and some other towns of Oromia, without any explanation or observation, what followed was in the Haremaya University; in the towns of Lekemte, Adama, Assela, Ambo town, University of Ambo, Gimbi and other towns, have opposed the masterplan and went on demonstration against the illegal masterplan that doesn't confirm the benefit of the people
2	In the past few weeks, the ruling regime, without prior consultations with the people, issued a proclamation on a master plan for cities and tried to implement it, with no understanding or sensibility, in the suburbs of Addis Ababa Finfine and some cities in Oromia Region. Consequently, demonstrations broke out among Haramaya University students, as well as in the cities of Lekmte, Adama, Asela, Ambo, Ambo University, Ginbi and other towns, in opposition to this master plan that lacks public support and serves no interest of the people
2	"Between 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killes by Al Shabab" the president of Somalia
2	Somali president: "180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killed by Al Shabab."
2	Al Shabab took control of the town of Marka
2	Al Shabab take control of Merca town.
2	Somalia: Ethiopian soldiers in AMISOM the camp of Al Shabab
2	Somalia: Ethiopian soldiers who are part of AMISOM attacked Al Sbabab camp.
9	If international aid arrive in time, the number of people affected by drought in Ethiopia will reach 10.2 million
9	It has been reported that if assistance from the international community was not delivered urgently, 10.2 million Ethiopians will die of hunger.
2	The wound of Dalo could be related to explosives, the administrator
2	(video) Manager: Daallo attack possibly linked to explosives.
9	Sources from the city reported that, in Amhara region southern zone of Gonder,Gayten district, a man from Nefas Mai Chew, Mr. Dembelash Yideg attacked by stick a cadre by the name Belachew Alamrew on 6[th], March, 2008, after observing that the administrators of the district openly corrupted the food aid which was donated by relief agencies and countries for the victims of famine and drought
9	As reported by our sources in the city, residents of Nfas Mawcha town, in Gayint district, South Gndar Zone, Amhara Region, have been observing the district administrators practicing discrimination in the distribution of grain that had come from donor organizations and countries to help the vulnerable and those affected by drought. On Megabit 6, 2008, a certain Mr. Dembelash Yideg, in front of the people gathered to receive aid, hit the district public relations officer, Belachew Alamrew, in the head with a stick and threw him to the ground
9	The Ili valley has suffered a very serious drought disaster. The production markets located in the Ili valley of Xinjiang suffered severe drought
9	Ili valley faces a serious drought Grain-producing areas of the Uyghur region, including the Ili valley, face a serious drought this year
9	The local authorities distributed around 2 million dollars for drought prevention. In Luxian Province, 3 thousand acres of cropland were damaged. Drinking water was delivered to regions that had difficulty accessing clean water
9	The local government has spent around 2 million dollars on preventing droughts. 3000 Qing crops were damaged in the Lushan region. Water has been transported into those areas facing a drinkable water shortage
6	180 thousand acres of land were destroyed, and 4 million dollars were donated to help. In Hubei, the number of people who were affected by the drought came to 800 thousand. The precipitation in the drought disaster areas decreased 80% compared to the same seasons in the past
6	180 Qing areas were affected, 4 million dollars sent for their relief. Up to 800 thousand people were affected by the drought. Precipitation levels had dropped 80% in those places where drought occurred
2	The Kunmin Police held a maneuver for fighting against the terrorists with knives. Chinese China ...
2	Kun Ming police held a maneuver opposing terrorists with knives in a zoo.
6 9 5	For Feb 12 Earthquake's relief works. > Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on the relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on Feb 15 about relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Keriya County. The condition of the earthquake rescue mission and earthquake relief works were published in the press. This earthquake's magnitude was high. The tremor was strong, and its radius was wide, which affected 44 townships (neighborhoods), markets and pastures, in Keriye, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, Hotan Counties and Hotan City. 455,573 people suffered in this disaster
6 9 5	An announcement to deal with the earthquake and provide relief regarding the February 12th earthquake Hotan Prefecture held a press conference in order to deal with the earthquake and provide relief for the February 12th earthquake that occurred in Keriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on February 15th, in order to cope with the quake and to save lives in the 7.3-magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriye County. They issued a general announcement about how to cope with the earthquake and provide disaster relief. This earthquake's magnitude level was high, the damage level was strong and the effected area was large. The earthquake not only effected Keriye, Niye, Chira, Lop, Karakash and Hotan counties, but also 44 townships (neighborhood committees) and animal husbandry farms belonging to Hotan City. A total of 455,573 residents have been affected by the disaster
0	Forest Fire Hits Israel A large fire broke out near Beit Shemesh on July 24 and the people in the area have been evacuated. Casualty figures unclear so far. This was the largest forest fire disaster since the new year in Israel according to the information. The Israeli government sent 150 firefighters and 13 helicopters to the affected area
0	There was a forest fire in Israel. At the local time of July 24, a forest fire broke out in Beit Shemesh, a city near the center of Israel. Citizens near the fire area had been evacuated in emergency, and so far no casualties were reported. This was the largest forest fire this year in Israel. Thirteen firefighting planes and more than 150 firemen were dispatched to the area
5	The rescue from danger and disaster activities began rapidly. Xinjiang Group of the People's Armed Police Force began the rescue from danger and disaster activities rapidly. At 19 minutes past 5 o'clock p.m, Feb 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the Kiriye County Xoten prefecture. The seismic origin was 12 kilometers in depth, of 24 thousand town residents, more than 9 thousand people were affected. Houses were damaged in different levels, 86 houses collapsed, and 187 livestock were killed
5	Emergency rescue work is being implemented Armed police force Xinjiang regional corps implemented the emergency rescue work with full strength. A magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 17:19 pm in February. The depth of epicenter was 12 km, the quake effected 2,400 villagers and more than 9,000 people. 891 houses experienced cracks in their walls to varying degrees, 86 houses collapsed and 187 livestock died
5	100 officers and solders from production troops headed to the disaster area. Within the five minutes after the earthquake, the Xinjiang Group of People's Armed Police Force came out with a plan for rescue from danger and disaster. 20 officers and solders of No 4 detachment of the Xoten contingent arrived at the Pishke village of Achchan town, the nearest township to the epicenter, by the time of 10 minutes past 7 o'clock p.m. Until the article was published, 20 tents had been made in the resident yard of Pishke village
5	100 officers and soldiers from the Production Battalion started their rescue trip to the earthquake affected area. Less than 5 minutes after the quake, armed police force Xinjiang regional corps established their emergency relief plan describing how to overcome the disaster. 20 officers and soldiers from the 4th squadron of the armed police force Hotan Prefecture division arrived at the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter. 20 army tents were set up on the grounds of the Pishke village residents' committee while this report was being announced
9	The people who lost their homes have been arranged in tents and the situation of the affected community has been relatively stable. The vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, Alijan ( on the left) and his team, is preparing the aids for the affected area. Alijan, the vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, is having his team members prepare lamb for the people in the affected area. The company employees are collecting donations. The Wechat thanks the heartwarming group of the Ilqi Company for calling on their employee all around Xinjiang. The Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company brought the love and passion for all of their employees to the affected area
9	The victims whose houses collapsed were living in the shelters, and their situation was keeping basically stable. On February 13, 2014, Alijan (on the left), the vice president of the Ilqi textile company supplied clothing, slaughtered sheep, and organized employees to donate money to the victims in affected area. After the Hotan Ilqi Company's friendly appeal to its employees in different places in Xinjiang via their WeChat platform, the Ilqi Wool Clothes company came to the disaster area with kind wishes to send their regards on behalf of all the Ilqi employees
5	The Uyghurs make up 98.3% of the total population, or 200,000, and Chinese people make up 1.68%, or 3562. Besides that there are some other ethnic groups like Hui, Kazak, Kirgiz, and Manchurian. The number of farmers is 184,000 and the area is one of the places that Uyghurs are densely populated. After the earthquake on February 12, the local armed forces moved on and arrived at the disaster area at night and set up temporary tents for the people who had lost their households in Pishke village of Achchan township, the most affected area in Keriya County, Hotan. Just after this helpful aid, all the employees in the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, the branch company of the Xinjiang Ilqi Clothing Cultural Development Company, collected their donations and delivered to the affected area at night
5	Among them there are 200 thousand Uyghur, accounting for 98.3% of the county's population; There are 3,562 Han people, which account for 1.68% of the county's population; Besides them are some other ethnic groups of Hui, Kazak, Kirgiz, Manzhu. There are 184 thousand farmers living in Uyghur. On February 12, after the earthquake, Yutian County's Armed Forces arrived at the disaster scene at the first time, and built shelters for those who lost their houses in Pixka of Jijan village, Yutian County, where the disaster severely affected the area. Then the whole staff from the Xinjiang's Hotan Ilqi textile company of Ilqi Clothing Culture Development Co., Ltd. sent disaster relief supplies to the disaster area
9 5	Our Kiriye friends' thank you letter Our Kiriye friends' thank you letter. May peace be upon you. Dear friends and family, Please give our sincere regards from the victims of the disaster to our friends from both inside and outside the Autonomous Region, helping us through the tough times with their cares and worries, by remembering us in their prayers
9 5	Grateful greetings from compatriots of Yutian county. Grateful greetings from compatriots of Yutian county. Distinguished friends and fellows, hello! Compatriots inside and outside Xinjiang, who helped us pull through with a helping hand, cared about us, worried about us and selflessly prayed for good luck for us: people from the disaster area thank you a lot and extend greetings to you
2	Turkey bombed the terrorists' base in Iraq.
2	Turkey bombarded some terrorist nests in Iraq.
9	They have brought 550, 000 CNY ( 84,600 USD) and 300, 000 CNY in material aid. Langger village in Keriya was the first stop for them and they visited 220 affected families. They distributed 500 CNY in cash, one bag of flour, and one bag of rice for each family
9	They carried the donation of RMB 550,000 cash and RMB 300,000 of goods. First, they visited 220 families in financial difficulties, who were also affected by earthquake in Langar Village, Yutian County. They delivered RMB 500 cash, a bag of flour and a bag of rice to every family
6	0 Y6 k: W! H9 I0 D( L; g2 i0 N, K8 h$ C According to Xinhua (telegram), suffering from several factors like climate warming and increasing human activities, the glaciers of Xinjiang are melting more rapidly these days. To protect the "hard water reservoir" in dry regions during Xinjiang's "13[th] Five-Year Plan" time, ice travel will be limited overall
6	0 Y6 k: W! According to the Xinhua agency news, under the influence of climate warming and frequent human activities, glaciers in Xinjiang have been melting fast in recent years. In order to protect the "water reservoir" in the arid area, Xinjiang prohibited ice tourism during "the 13th Five-year Plan.
0	Sixty nine instances of aftershocks occurred in Kyushu, Japan, and a volcano erupted on a small scale. According to the Japanese Television Station NHK, more than 69 aftershocks of magnitude higher than 3 (2.5 3.5 magnitude) occurred
0	Aftershocks in Kyushu Reached 69 Times, a Small Volcanic Eruption Occurs According to the Japan NHK TV news, higher than 3 (2.5-3.5) magnitude aftershocks have happened approximately 69 times
0	According to the twitter feed of the Japanese Red Cross, Japanese hospitals were treating people who were injured at the earthquake. Two rescue teams, from Kyushu and Shikoku, arrived at Kyushu
0	According to the Red Cross's twitter message, hospitals in Japan are busy with treatment for the injuries. Rescue teams from Kyushu, Shikoko and others went to Komamoto
9 5	The 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan. President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time on Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
9 5	A 7.3-magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriye, Hotan President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye. Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions to the rescue workers
9	If the phone number was left here, I would argue for him on phone. Yesterday, I gave a good lesson to a guy who committed domestic violence in Korla. If he beats his wife again from now, I will call 110
9	I would be willing to help him dial the telephone number if he gave me the area code. I gave a lesson to someone who committed domestic violence last night. I would call the police if you hit your wife again
6 9 5	In addition, "Safe Supermarket" in Lop County donated 8,000 Yuan, 1,000 boxes of mineral water, and also took charge of the 1500 Yuan transfer fee for this donation. The "People Monument Charity Team" made a lot of effort for this rescue activity. The seven trucks of supplies collected by this team among the whole Autonomous Region, head to Kiriye today. At Urumqi local time 7, calligraphers like Master Adiljan, Yasin Kërim, Muhemmtallaberdi Nekqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Qaraqashi, and Master Ëlijan, along with 20 sons of the "People Monument Charity Team," took the banners, posters, and flags prepared with the help of Ms. Munire, leader of the "People Monument Charity Team," and headed to the disaster area
6 9 5	In addition, the Hatirjem supermarket at Lop County donated 8,000 yuan and 1,000 boxes of mineral water. They also assumed responsibility for the transportation costs (1,500 yuan). The El-abide Charity played an important role in supporting the affected people with donation activities at this time. This charity organization's branch groups in the autonomous region prepared a great amount of rescue goods and loaded six trucks bound for Keriye County. Today, at 7:00 a.m., Urumqi time, our calligraphers, including Teacher Adiljan, Yasen Kerim, Muhemmet Allaberdi Neqqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Karakashi, Teacher Alijan, etc., and the 20 young men from the El-abide Charity were to set out on a trip to the affected area. They also were to bring with them banners, placards, and posters, prepared with the support of Mrs. Munewwer, the head of the El-abide Charity
6 0 9 5	Rescuing job for Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye has orderly carried out. After the earthquake in Keriye on Feb 12, the Central and Autonomous governments attached great attention to relief work, and immediately activated the emergency works. The rescue teams have reached the affected regions and begun their rescuing mission
6 0 9 5	The disaster relief works on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed methodically The disaster relief work on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been done methodically. After the earthquake occurred in Keriye on February 12, CPC Central committee, Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangement immediately. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived on time to the effected area and started their emergency work immediately
0 5	According to the report from the Autonomous Region Emergency Care Office, at 19:00, Feb 13, Tian Wen, representing the Autonomous Region government, a vice president of the Autonomous Region government, held an arrangement meeting in the affected regions. He checked the earthquake impacts, and made further rescuing plans. At 23:30, Feb 13, more than 60,000 people in Keriye County, Qira County, Niya County, Lop County, Karakash County, Hotan County and Hotan City have suffered from the earthquake, more than 20,000 people have immediately relocated to safety, more than 3000 houses of 1000 families have toppled, more than 2000 livestock have died, and no death count has been reported. After the earthquake, Hotan Prefecture officials implemented a plan to resist the earthquake
0 5	The reporter was informed by the Autonomous Regional emergency affairs office, that Tian Wen, the vice chairman of autonomous region, who arrived on the scene was commissioned by the autonomous regional Party committee and people's government. He organized an on-the-spot earthquake headquarters' emergency meeting, to summarize the disaster situation and made arrangements as to how they would overcome the next possible aftershocks. Until 23:30, nearly 60,000 people were effected by the quake, 20,000 people evacuated to safety shelters, more than a thousand families' 3,000 rooms collapsed and more than 2,000 livestock died at Keriye, Chira, Niye, Lop, Karakash, Hotan counties as well as Hotan city during the February 13 earthquake. No casualties have been reported. After the quake, Hotan Prefecture administrative council immediately set up an emergency rescue plan and put it into operation
0	Zhejiang province seriously affected by a cyclone. Zhejiang and Shanghai provinces of China suffered a cyclone on Saturday
0	Severe tropical storm hits Zhejiang province A severe tropical storm hits China's province Zhejiang and Shanghai City on Saturday
9 5	Let our generosity continue until our people rebuild their home. Let it continue until their livestock makes noise again in their new pens. Let it be continuous until our student brothers and sisters from Keriya can be concentrated on their study in other cities without concern about their families... I am proud of being Uyghur and I am pleased about it, oh world! I am proud of the volunteers who rushed to the disaster area with the love of brotherhood without concern about a possible remaining quakes and danger and proud of our all rich businessmen who embraced their own people and helped them with all their power. In short, I am proud of my nation as an Uyghur. Move on, united people, and move on for strength! In the moment my heart beats for Hotan I truly realised that human beings are related and all Uyghurs are closely related. February 16, 2014, Bortala City
9 5	Let us keep such generosity. Let us keep such generosity until people like Matkasim have been rebuilt; let us keep such generosity until people like Mattursun again have domestic animals; let us keep such generosity until students like Ayshamgul from Yutian County and Matkasim continue their studies again.... I am proud of my Uyghur identity and I feel honored to be Uyghur, oh world. I am proud of the volunteers who have rushed to the site to help, ignoring the potential danger and aftershocks; I am proud of the entrepreneurs who have embraced their people and did what they could do as much as possible for the victims. In short, I am proud of the Uyghur nationality. Uyghur is united. When I hold my heart in longing for Hotan, I deeply feel that all human beings are relatives and all people of Uyghur are relatives.Bole City, February 14th, 2014 Wapadari
5	Due to a cyclone in Fiji 35 thousand people lost their residences. Fijian government officials reported that 35 thousand people lost their residences due to the cyclone. They are staying in shelters now
5	Affected by the storm in Fiji, 35,000 people were wandering outside. Fiji government officials have reported that their country has suffered from a big storm and that 35,000 affected people were living in shelters
2	An explosion occurred in Ankara, resulting in 27 deaths and 75 injuries.
2	A bombing happened in Ankara, killed 27 people and injured 75 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
2	Chinese extremism going under excuse of "Terrorism" : East Turkistan Propaganda Center
2	China's evil behavior under the umbrella of "terrorism". Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
5	A Koran didn't get damaged in the burning house during a fire hazard in United Arab Republic... http://t.co/7prZDs43X
5	The Quran was not damaged during the fire that happened in the Arab Empire. http://t.co/7prZDs43X
0 5	The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery. After a landslide occurred in Badahxan province in the northeastern part of Afghanistan on the 2nd, the village was buried under the debris. The local government confirmed the deaths of 350 people and that of 2000 people were missing. Unfortunately, the number of people affected by the disaster remains unclear
0 5	The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The landslide disaster occurred on May 2nd and the people in the village all have been buried in Badakhshan province, in the northwest part of Afghanistan. The local government confirmed more than 350 people were dead and more than 2,000 people were missing following the disaster. But a definite death count has not been confirmed
5	According to British media, a rescue team from the United Nations was now focusing on resettling the 400 survivors. They used small vehicles and helicopters to deliver emergency relief goods to the disaster areas. The local government helped to resettle survivors in temporary shelters. However, it also explained that not enough shelters were available for survivors. On the 3[rd], people from the village of Aab Barik, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan, waited around the disaster area, hoping for excavators to dig out survivors. Currently, the one and only large rescue vehicle was an excavator which the local government transported in with a truck. Some village residents around the area also helped in the rescue by using shovels to move the rocks away. One of survivals who luckily escaped the mudslide disaster reported: "I was buying something at that moment. After I head that the village was covered with rocks, I ran back to my home. Unfortunately, all of my four children and wife were already buried under the rocks." The wife and five children of Piro, another resident, were also killed and buried under the rocks. When the disaster happened, he was standing on top of his roof. After heard a sudden intense sound, he saw the foundation of mountain collapse and destroy a couple of houses. While he was collecting neighbors and encouraging them to take part in the rescue work, even bigger rocks along with mud began rolling down from the mountain. He and his neighbors had to run with no choice left. When they looked back, the village had already "disappeared.
5	According to the UK media, a United Nations relief team gave attention to the situation of the 400 people who had survived, transferring relief items, small cars and helicopters to the disaster areas. Surviving villagers had been situated in temporary housing by the local government. But reportedly there had not been nearly enough tents to provide to people who lost their houses. Many people were waiting for the excavator to dig out the corpses under the soil in Abi-Barik Village of Badakhshan province, Afghanistan, on May 3rd. The excavator was the only rescue vehicle transported on the truck by the local government. The nearest villager with a small hoe also took part in the relief work. One of the survivors said: "At that time, I was shopping in the bazaar, then hearing the news of thedisaster, I went back home immediately, but my wife and four children had been buried by the soil." iroza's wife and five children, from another village, also were buried by the soil in the disaster. When the disaster happened, he heard a sudden loud noise on the roof, then saw the collapsed mountain, at close range, strike some houses in the village. Big stones and debris had been falling down when he intended to warn the neighborhood, so he and some of his neighbors had been running away, but as they turned around and looked at the village, the village had "disappeared.
9	The government of Afghanistan decided to change the place that a landslide occurred, into a communal cemetery. The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery
9	Afghanistan to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave
2	USA will fight against Daish also in Afghanistan
2	Americans also fight against D'aix in Afghanistan.
2	32 Daish, who attacked Bashika, were killed.
2	32 people were killed in the Baxika attack.
5	350 houses were destroyed during the Hotan earthquake. 350 houses were destroyed during the Hotan earthquake. A report from the Chinese police network showed that the 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, at 5:15 pm on the 12[th]. The police authority actively collected information about the rescue efforts
5	There were 350 houses ruined in the earthquake in Hotan. There were 350 houses ruined in the earthquake in Hotan. The Chinese Police Network, in a telegram, at15:19:50 p.m. February 12th, reported that an earthquake of M7.3 hit Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in Yutian County. The Yutian County Public Security Bureau asked for timely information and collected rescue methods for post-earthquake relief
2	The death toll increased after Daish car bomb. http://t.co/pLphrqgX8
2	The number of people who died in the bus bombing incident are increasing in D'aix. http://t.co/pLphrqgX8
0 9 5	The number of victims in the Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000. The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown
0 9 5	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. e The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong)
0 9 5	The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown. The statistic released by the Civil Affair Bureau of the Autonomous Region shows that as of eight o'clock on Feb 14, in the quake-hit Hotan District's six counties (including Keriye, Chira, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan) 58,127 people were affected. 19905 has been relocated to a safe place. 3246 properties belonging to 1156 families have been toppled, 14540 properties belonging to 5489 families have been seriously damaged, and 2163 various livestock have been killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km in roads have been damaged. The death toll remains unknown. The damage investigation is still underway
0 9 5	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong). According to the Statistics of Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region, by 8:00 a.m. (Urumchi time) on February 14th, there were total of 58,127 victims in Keriya, Minfeng, Qira, Lop, Moyu and Hotan counties. 19,905 people were moved for relocation. 3,426 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, serious damage was done to 14,540 houses of 5,489 families, slight damage done to 15,782 houses of 7,254 families and 2,163 livestock have died. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of roads were damaged. The number of casualties is not known. Further investigation into the disaster situation is being done
2	Turkey army stopped 11 terrorists.
2	Turkey army took care of 11 terrorists.
5	An earthquake has occurred in Keriya. On Wednesday afternoon, in the Keriya region of the Uyghur Autonomous Region, an earthquake occurred. It was reported that many farmers lost their positions and shelters
5	A serious earthquake happens in Keriya County As far as we know, many Uighur people lost their housing after the serious earthquake in Keriya County in the afternoon on Wednesday
2	UN officials on September 11 in America UN officials: September 11 is an American plot
2	U.N. officials: the September 11 incident was the product of an American conspiracy. U.N. officials: The September 11 incident was the product of an American conspiracy
6 0 9 5	Rescue project of "February 12[th] " Keriya earthquake handled as planned After the earthquake struck Keriya on February 12[th] , the Xinjiang Communist Party paid close attention to it, and assigned a disaster crisis team to respond as quickly as possible to the rescue project
6 0 9 5	The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed in orderly fashion The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been performed in orderly fashion. Following the earthquake in Keriye on February 12, the CPC Central committee and the Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangements immediately to provide relief. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived promptly at the affected area and started their emergency work immediately
0 5	A reporter learned from the disaster crisis office that at 7:00 pm on February 12[th], Tian Wen, the vice president of Xinjiang Autonomous Region, representing the Communist Party of Xinjiang and the Council of State in a visit to the disaster area, hosted a leadership conference to summarize the disaster situation and plan the next step of the coping strategy. As of February 13[th] at 11:30 pm, the earthquake affected approximately 60 thousand people from Qira province, Niya province, Lop province, Karakash province, and the city and province of Hotan. Around 20 thousand people were relocated. Around 3,000 houses belonging to 1,000 families were destroyed. There were 2000 sheep reported dead. There has as yet been no report of injuries to people. After the earthquake, the Social Security office of Hotan province implemented a coping strategy for the emergency situation
0 5	A reporter was informed by the Autonomous Regional emergency affairs office that Tian Wen, the vice chairman of the autonomous region, arrived on the scene, commissioned by the autonomous regional party committee and people's government. He organized an on-the-spot earthquake emergency headquarters meeting, to assess the disaster situation and make arrangements for dealing with possible aftershocks. As of 23:30, nearly 60,000 people were affected by the quake, 20,000 people evacuated to safety shelters; more than 3,000 rooms of a thousand families collapsed, and more than 2,000 livestock died in Keriye, Chira, Niye, Lop, Karakash, and Hotan counties as well as in Hotan city as a result of the February 13 earthquake. No casualties have been reported. After the quake, the Hotan Prefecture administrative council immediately set up an emergency rescue plan and put it into operation
2	"If we fight well this year, the nomads in the mountain area and special peasants in the plant area in Kiriye County will move into Settle and Enrich People houses next year," Ma shiyao jün, the leader of the Settle and Enrich People's Office, told us. Related articles: On June 16, Urumqi Intermediate People's Court openly sentenced first trial of "October 28" violent terrorist attack in Beijing, on the same day the three prefecture level people's court of Xinjiang also sentenced the different crimes... People's Net, October 14 telegraph: At 05:43, Aksu city of Aksu Prefecture, Xinjiang Autonomous Region (Northward 8 40... From June 26, rain crossed the Yili river valley. Including the rain in Toqquztara County, within 24 hours the amount of rainfall reached 894 milliliters, which broke the highest record of rainfall for this area... The 5.6 level earthquake which happened on July 3, 2015, in Guma County, Xoten, broke the local record. All the local people were seriously affected, but, after the earthquake, came into action..
2	Ma Xiaojun, the director of the safety and quake-resistance office of the Keriye County government, said: "If we make the efforts farmers and nomads in the mountainous area and the masses in the villages of Keriye County will move into newly constructed, secure houses." The related contents: On June 16, the Urumqi city middle court announced a verdict regarding the October 28th" terror attack which occurred in Beijing at the first trial. On the same day, three prefectural courts of Xinjiang also announced verdicts on extreme crimes...A telegram from the People's Net, Beijing, October 14: According to the report from a micro-blog of the state seismological bureau's website, today (October 14) at 05:43 am, Aksu city of the Aksu prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (northern latitude 840 ... Rain has occurred at the Ili River Valley since June 26, here, at Tokkuztara County, the total rain amount reaching 894 millimeters within 24 hours, breaking the historical record...A 5.6-magnitude earthquake hit Guma County of Hotan Prefecture on July 3, 2015. People of various nationalities at the scene were affected so much...After the quake, the masses immediately mobilize
6 5	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County
6 5	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County
6 9 5	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County. The construction effort to settle and enrich the people has been advanced in the shape of rebuilding roads, electric wires, stream and irrigation channels...Sadik Rejep, party secretary of Pishke town, claimed that "in the reconstruction after earthquake has begun since March 24, 25 houses have been roofed among whole villages, and construction will be accomplished at the end of May.
6 9 5	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County. The construction of quake-resistant housing has begun, and the richness project has been broadly undertaken, as have the orderly reconstruction of roads, electricity wires, and irrigation channels. Sadiq Rejep, the Pishke village Party chief, said: "Since starting reconstruction works on March 25th, the roofs of 25 families' houses were covered. The construction will finish up at the end of May.
2	Threats and terrorism in Turkey.
9	He was born to a wealthy peasant family in 1925. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youngsters were offered scholarships from the French Protectorate of Cambodia to study in Paris, France. (At that time, Cambodia was under French suzerainty.) Among them, there was one peasant's son. This youth's name was Saloth Sar, and his later name was Pol Pot. (However, at that time, even his family didn't know Pol Pot was his name. Since 1975, this name, Pol Pot, has become a shocking name in Cambodia.) After Saloth Sar came to Paris, he got in touch with Cambodian students and joined the Cambodian Student Union. During this time, after he studied Marxism and Leninism, he formed his understandings of socialism and communism. In 1950, Saloth Sar founded the Cambodian Communist Party. In 1956, he returned to his country and worked for the French underground anti-colonist movement. Following that, he gained more and more power. In 1976, by overturning the pro-American regime with his armed forces, he became prime minister. Then, the skirmishes that were occurring between the Vietnamese and Cambodians intensified into a war between them. As a result, Vietnam occupied most parts of Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge sentenced him to lifelong imprisonment in 1997. He died due to illness. In 1970, Lon Nol seized the regime from Sihanouk under the American military's support. In 1975, Pol Pot declared unexpectedly his order of starting a revolution. On April 17, 1975, he became prime minister by overthrowing Lon Nol's regime. On June 21, 1975, Mao Zedong met Pol Pot. On January 1, 1976, he announced new a constitution and laws and changed the country's name to Democratic Cambodia
9	He was born into a rich peasant family. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youth won scholarships to study in Paris (Cambodia was a colony of France at that time). Among them was a peasant's son named Saloth Sar, also called Burbutie (though his family didn't know it, he was called Burbu as well. From the year of 1975 on, the name Burbu would be very famous in Cambodia). After he came to Paris, Sharlut Zhao made contact with students who had come to Paris previously, and invited them to join the <Cambodia students' union>. During this time, he studied Marxism and Leninism, and formed his views on social democracy. In 1950, Sharlut Zhao established the <Cambodia communist party>. In 1956, he went back to his country and engaged in underground activities against the French colonial regime. Later on, he gradually enhanced his activities, and in 1976, he overthrew the pro-American government. After that, Vietnam would occupy most of the country in the course of the war between Cambodia and Vietnam. In 1997, Burbu was sentenced to life imprisonment and died of an illness in 1998. Earlier, the Langno group had overthrown Sihanouk with the help of America. In 1975, Burbu had ordered the whole country to start a revolution, which overthrew the Langno group. On June 21st, 1975, Mao Zedong met with Burbu. On May 1st, 1976, Burbu proclaimed a constitution and established democratic Cambodia
9	The natural and social disasters in Qarluq Ghol Last to edit this post: mykari
9	Natural and human disasters in Karluk Gol (Kariz) This report was finally edited by Mykariz
9 5	Philanthropist Fathers Showed their Sincere Sympathy to the People of Stricken Tokkuztara Area Correspondent Nijat Niyaz reports with photos: Though it's almost the month of December, Tokkuztara county in Ili Prefecture is still enjoying the warm weather. The warm sunshine is making people feel warm, prosperous and peaceful. The 10 representatives of the Philanthropist Fathers Collective of the Urumqi Charity Association who just travelled more than 800 kilometers distance from Urumqi have arrived in Tokkuztara county to express their sympathy to all people in the disaster area of Tokkuztara county. In the early morning of November 13, guided by the county and village leaders, the team went to the heavily damaged areas of Moyung Guzer hamlet, Gongshang hamlet, Kesme Bulaq hamlet, Kizilnur hamlet, Dongmelle hamlet, Oytam hamlet and Uchkun hamlet, of Dong Mahalla village in Tokkuztara county, and conveyed greetings to families who had been the recipients of the "minimum life insurance system" who have seriously suffered from the disaster, as well as veteran teachers and patriotic religious figures that numbered almost 100
9 5	Loving Fathers team showed their sympathy for the victims in Gongliu County. Station reporter Nijat Niyaz contributed to the report and picture: Even though it was going to be December, Yili Autonomous Prefecture was still warm, the sunshine in Gongliu County shone generously, which gave a kind of warm and peaceful feeling. Ten representatives of Urumqi Charity Association Loving Fathers Team had gone 800 kilometers to come to show their sympathy for Urumqi, and went to some towns like Muyungguzar, Gungshang, Kasmibulak, Kizilnur, Dongmahalla, Oytam, Uqkun, and had visited about 100 low income families, patriotic religious people, on the morning of the November 13th
9	In short, ,mighty nature punched us when we shouted at her. The masculine water comes down from the pick of Karakorum mountains, headbutting many dams and blocks, and becomes feminine water after losing its power. At the macro level, the water management became technical, systematic, and regulated
9	Quickly, we did some damage to nature, and it did even more damage to us. Water was falling down strongly from the big mountains, hit some dams and water "locks" while falling down to become "female water", then finally falling into little rivers and farms. Dams were updating in micro, technologic, systematic levels
2	Thailand rejected two Uyghur terrorist suspects who had entered. Thailand Immigration...
2	Thailand rejected the entry of two Uyghur terrorist.
5	Peasants of Gulja: "Building apartments were safe, soil houses collapsed" (2) One Chinese government resource...
5	Farmers in Gulja: "buildings survived, brick houses collapsed" (2). From sources in the Chinese government
6 0	Www.Alkuyi.Com! Please remember the address of our website, Alkuyi. Name: viewed 5513 times. Magnitude 6.6 earthquake occurred in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and the tremor in Urumchi City was very strong. Alkuyi Network news , June 30 : At 03:07 Urumchi Time , June 30, 2012, in the border between Kunes County, Ili Kazak Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, and Hejing County, Batin'ghulin Prefecture (at 43.4 degrees north latitude and 84.8 degrees east longitude) a strong 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurred. The earthquake depth was 7 km. The tremor was very strong in cities like Urumchi, Sanji, Chochek, Kuytun, and Shixo
6 0	Please remember the address of Alkuyi.net: www.Alkuyi.com Live: There was a magnitude 6.6 earthquake in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and it affected Urumqi strongly, June 30 (Alkuyi.net): June 30, 2012, 3:07 PM, there was magnitude 6.6 M earthquake in Xinyuan Town and Hejing Town, Yili Autonomous Prefecture, and Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous region (location: 43.4 N; 84.8 E). The seismic depth was up to 7 km. When the earthquake occurred, Urumqi, Changji, Kuitun, Tacheng and Xihu were affected strongly
9	Thailand Hit by Its Worst Drought in Decades The head of the National Council for Peace and Order and Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army Prayut became the prime minister of Thailand's interim government after passing the approval of the Thai Bhumibol in the morning of February 25. China News Service on February 25 reports that Thai Prime Minister Prayut called on farmers to reduce rice production, which he hopes will prevent the water shortage from getting worse
9	Thailand was suffering the worst drought in decades. Bayu, the chairman of the National Peace Sustainability Committee and the commander of ground forces, on June 25 in the afternoon, got ex-king Bhumibol's approval and formally became the prime minister of a provisional government. On February 25, according to foreign news agencies (China news service), Thailand prime minister Bayu indicated that farmers should reduce their amount of rice sowing to deal with a growing water shortage crisis noted on February 24
6	Tornado hits Texas, USA, killing more than 10 people The Dallas area, after the tornado, the state of Texas, in the south of the USA. The Dallas area has been hit by a tornado in the evening of December 26. According to the results of the initial investigation, 11 people have died as a result of the disaster and 15 people were injured
6	More than 10 people were killed by a tornado in Texas, USA. On the evening of December 26, Dallas, Texas, in southern America, was hit by a tornado. According to the primary statistics, 11 people died and 15 were injured in the disaster
6 9 5	Residents of the earthquake area in Keriya, Xinjiang did not have to worry about food and clothes. The Xinhua Agency, Urumqi, report on February 20[th]. The Xinjiang Hotan Communist Party learned that providing emergency help and crisis intervention on time completed the rescue project for the Keriya earthquake on February 12[th]. The earthquake victims were resettled appropriately, and constantly received donations from all over society. They were no longer worrying about food and clothing
6 9 5	Food and clothing were guaranteed for affected people in the earthquake disaster area in Keriye Xinhua news agency, Urumqi, February 20th report: According to the information from the Hotan Prefecture Party Committee, the emergency relief and support efforts following the February 12 earthquake in Keriye County are nearly concluded. All affected people have been relocated to safety shelters, emergency aid has been distributed, and food, clothing, and other daily necessities guaranteed
2	5 terrorists were killed in Tunisia.
2	Five terrorist died in Tunisia.
2	The suspects of the Brussels terrorist attacks have been captured: Belgium authority The terrorist attack on 22 march.
2	Belgium authorities claimed that on March 22ed, a suspected terrorist was arrested.
6	1933: The United States has a diplomatic relationship with the Soviet Union. 1940: The Jewish ghetto in Warsaw is sealed off by a high wall from the outer world. 1943: The US Navy bombs Germany's heavy water factory in Norway and delays its plan to obtain the atomic bomb
6	Today in 1933，the U.S. and the Soviet Union established diplomatic relations. Today in 1940, the Warsaw Ghetto was completely isolated by the Germans as part of to the Holocaust. Today in 1943，the US army bombed a huge German water works in Norway, which effectively delayed Germany from acquiring an atomic bomb
2	European attempt of terror
2	Europe's terrorist drill.
6	Chennai experiences serious floods. Heavy rainfall in Tamil Nadu, an area in northeastern India, has resulted in floods. After raining for half a month, it did not stop. Instead, it continued for days uninterrupted to make the city a "water country." Airports, train stations, and schools were closed. 60% of households lost electricity. Thousands of people were trapped. Authorities sent soldiers and rescue teams to severely damaged disaster areas for assistance
6	1) Severe floods occurred in Chennai, India. Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu in southern India, has suffered from a serious flood disaster. For half a month it had rained, and the water had not drained. Starting from Monday (Nov 30th), the city had suffered a couple of rainy days again and a new "water city" was formed. Airports, railway stations and schools were closed, 60% of families lost power, and thousands of houses were blocked. Departments arranged for soldiers and defense forces to rescue the affected people in disaster areas
0	A raging fire on the Philippines' highest mountain. Xinhua News Agency, report of March 28[th] , According to the Philippines' Business newspaper, a fire disaster occurred on the Philippines' highest mountain, Mt. Apo, due to extremely dry weather. There were no reported injures, and nearly 1,000 tourists who were on the mountain were evacuated by noon yesterday. News reports stated that firefighters dug ditches that were seven feet deep in order to contain the blaze, which began on March 26[th] and was still going 24 hours later, to stop it from spreading on the tourist hotspot of Mt. Apo
0	A forest fire occurred on the highest mountain of the Philippines China news network March 28th report: According to a report of the Philippines Commercial News, a forest fire occurred on Mount Apo, the highest mountain in the Philippines. Nearly a thousand mountain climbers were evacuated. Fortunately, no one was injured. According to the news report, the fire started on March 26, local time, and continued for 24 hours. Firefighters dug a 2-meter-deep trench in order to prevent the spread of the fire to the mountain trail
2	A conversation between Zhang Chunxian and Navaz Sharif was held to fight continuously against "terrorists"; Uyghur Autonomous Region.
2	Zhuang Chunxian and Nawaz Xarih continued to discuss their partnerships to oppose "terrorism". Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
9	Our Businessmen in the Keriya Disaster Area. Uyghur network media report from the disaster area...Peace upon you, our beloved brothers and sisters, on behalf of the Uyghur online community, as well as the heads of the Misranim and Anatuprak websites, who came to Hotan to bring the greetings and love of all the Uyghur nation to the Keriya people who have been affected by the earthquake. We are broadcasting real time news from the disaster area. Recently, we have been complaining about unhappy messages about fellow Uyghurs left on social media platforms like Wechat, Microblog, and some websites. When we arrived in Hotan today, we were so impressed with our businessmen who were ready to spend their wealth for their own people who are experiencing a life of hardship. Now, we are posting our news from the Hotan Abide Food Company. According to what we learned from here, Uyghur businessmen and companies, including Meghrip Trading Company Ltd., Miras Clothing, Abide Company, Telba School, Ejrim Company, Yadikar Tea Products, Sadaqet Company, Qaydu Company, and other businessmen whose names we don't yet know, gave 20 metric tons of wheat flour, 700,000 Yuan in material aid, and a huge amount of cash. They departed from Abide Food Company in Hotan, ready to deliver the material aide to their people in the disaster area. We will try to do our best to post real time news regularly from the disaster area, if Allah wills... The world is beautiful with love and caring. We wish our businessmen successful business and prosperity
9	Our entrepreneurs were in the disaster stricken areas. Uyghur websites which went to the stricken area contributed to the report... "Hello my dear fellows, today we, the presidents of the Ana Tuprak website, arrived at Hotan in order to send warmth and all of Uyghur 's sincere regard to the victims and give an on-the-spot report of the stricken area." Recently, more and more complaints have been made about Uyghur. When we reached the disaster area today, we were so excited to see our own entrepreneurs busy with helping their people as a reward. Now we are standing in Hotan City Abida Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. for a report. It is reported that Uyghur Commercial Co., Ltd., the Miras Clothing Industry, the Abida company, the Talba school, Magrip, the Ajrim Company, the Yadikar tea industry, the Sadakat company,the Kaydu company and some other unknown companies set out from Hotan Abida company with 20 tons of wheat flour, RMB 700,000 worth of goods and some money which was not clear in amount was sent as relief to the victims. We will broadcast the latest news as much as we can. The world is beautiful because of love. May our national enterprises be more prosperous
2	China regulated the rewards of providing the information of terrorism in Uyghur land. Chinese government...
2	Chinese government rewarding people who provide terror related information to them.
5	143 aftershocks occurred, and some livestock was killed. The report of the Uyghur Channel of People's Network on February 13[th] from Beijing stated: the 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 5:19 PM on February 12[th] . By 8:00 PM on February 12[th],, 143 aftershocks had occurred
5	143 aftershocks occurred in Yutian County, and a considerable percentage of the animals were dead. According to a telegram of the People's Network Uyghur channel from Beijing on Feb. 13th: At 17:19 on Feb. 12th, a M7.3 earthquake occurred in Xinjiang's Yutian County. As of 20:00, Feb. 12th, 143 aftershocks had occurred
6 0 9 5	A report on August 10[th] from Chinese Media Network: Bagdash Network Translation: the Flood Protection and Drought Prevention team of the Fujian People's Government revealed: "This year a category 3 cyclone named "Sudilu" struck our mainland, creating an intense storm and heavy rain, and caused severe damages in all parts of the province." At 8:50 pm on August 9[th], "Sudilu" struck 9 city regions, 62 rural districts, and 609 villages in the province, including Ningdi, Fuzhou, Pingtan, Quanzhou, Sanming, Zhangzhou, and Xiamen , and caused damage for 1 million 302 thousand and 400 people. 3000 houses collapsed, and 513 thousand 900 people were immediately relocated. 57 thousand 610 acres of crops were destroyed. A 25.24 kilometer-long dam and a 0.2 kilometer-long dam entrance were severely damaged. 2,293 pieces of farming equipment were damaged. Around 219 hydroelectric power plants and their related instruments were destroyed. The direct financial damage came to 4 billion, 24 million yuan. Of that, the damage to the Electric Water Conservancies was 602 million yuan. Due to a heavy rain, 3 people rolled down from the mountain and died in Xi Rong village, Ningdi. A worker was washed away by the flood while he was relocating people
6 0 9 5	The China information network reported news on August 10th : translated by Bagdash Network. The Disaster Command office of the Fujian Provincial People's Government said: The thirteenth typhoon Sodilo had landed on our province and created a gale and rainstorm, which is resulting in a disaster in many places. Byl 11:50 PM, August 9th, the typhoon Sodilo hit Ningdi, Futian, Fuji, Pingtan, Quanju, Sanming, Jiangju, Nanping, Xiamen and nine other cities, 62 towns, 609 villages, with one million 302 thousand 400 people hit by the disaster, which caused 3,000 houses to collapse. 513 thousand 900 people had been shifted. 57 thousand 610 Qing crops were affected by the disaster. A 25.24 kilometer dam and a 0.2 kilometer dam opening were damaged. 2,293 watering facilities were destroyed. 219 power stations were damaged. Direct economic losses was up to 4 billion 24 million yuan and water conservancy facility economic losses were 602 million yuan. Because of the heavy rain, rocks on mountains had rolled off and killed 3 people. One of the cadres of Juning town was washed away and is still missing
2	France requests Russia to fight against Daish.
2	France asked Russia to even attack D'aix more.
9	Donated Material Aid Departs to the Destination The material aid collected for the affected people in Keriya has departed. With the passionate support of friends everywhere, material aid collected today, including clothing, food, and bedding sets (total value is more than several tens of thousands yuan) departed from the Albehir main shop with two vans and a car to the affected people in Keriya. We entrusted the donations to the Amin Shipping Company. Thanks to all the friends for actively supporting our campaign
9	Relief supplies are on the way. The relief supplies, which were donated to the affected people in Yutian, are on the way. With the enthusiastic support of friends, we sent the relief supplies such as clothing, food, bedding and tens of thousands in cash to the Amin Aviation Logistics, in order to transfer them to the affected area by two minibuses and a car. Thank you to all who supported our event actively
5	Huge Bushfires Hit Western Australia. China News Agency: According to foreign media, a large forest fire raged in Western Australia on January 9. A large area of the forest was affected, with 95 houses burned and 4 people injured
5	A massive bushfire broke out in western Australia. CNN news: according to foreign media reports on 9th, a massive bushfire broke out in the west of Australia and most of the forests were affected. An estimated 95 houses were razed in the fire and four people were injured
0 9 5	A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity Tashpolat Bilal Elqut A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Keriya , Hotan Prefecture, on February 12. By 19:00, February 13, Urumchi Time, 7838 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of Hotan including Keriya, Niye, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan County. Currently, 982 people among the affected people were properly situated ( most of the people in the affected area are still in danger). 157 houses collapsed and 180 rooms were severely damaged. The number of the rooms slightly damaged is 3117, and some barns were also damaged. It has been 3 days since the earthquake struck the area
0 9 5	Fake love hidden inside charity. Fake love hidden inside charity, by Bilal Elqut. On February 2, there was a magnitude 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan Prefecture. By 9 o'clock, February 13, six counties, Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, Hotan, and 7,838 people had encountered a disaster. As of now, 982 people have been evacuated to safety (so there were many people who needed help). 157 houses collapsed and 180 houses were damaged severely and 3,117 houses were lightly affected and some livestock were killed. It has been 3 days since the earthquake
9	A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity Tashpolat Bilal Elqut A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Keriya , Hotan Prefecture, on February 12. By 19:00, February 13, Urumchi Time, 7838 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of Hotan including Keriya, Niye, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan County. Currently, 982 people among the affected people were properly situated ( most of the people in the affected area are still in danger). 157 houses collapsed and 180 rooms were severely damaged. The number of the rooms slightly damaged is 3117, and some barns were also damaged. It has been 3 days since the earthquake struck the area. From this morning, I have been browsing websites for related news about the earthquake, but I have not seen any news, only messages about charitable activities for the brothers in the affected area. My heart has been broken. Eight thousand brothers and sisters in the poor area , eight thousand, hit by a merciless disaster and hardship. They remained homeless and helpless in the cold winter. The hands and feet of innocent kids froze and hardened. The mothers crushed under lifelong poverty and deprivation attempted to warm up their children with the last warmth that remained in their exhausted bodies and could not stop their tears. Bowlegged old grey beard fathers were stretching out their hands and making supplication to God for help. .. But their ten million brothers are busy with something else; they are still excited about the expensive show and Turkish pop stars. They are busy with planning to buy tickets for an upcoming show with a new Turkish star. If ten million brothers donated 1yuan( CNY), that would be ten million yuan. f the money is distributed to eight thousand people, it will be 1250 CNY for each person. That is not enough for them to survive through the winter and to manage their life properly after the disaster? Ten million yuan. It is not very much money. How difficult it is to collect this much money from our businessmen and rich people in our homeland? How difficult it is to build a new city in the affected area if ten million people work together ? What a pity! Where is action? Where is love? Where is brotherhood? Where is the faith of Islam and where are the people preaching on websites? Is this is not a chance to get rewards and to be faithful by doing good things? Is there any faithfulness more than this? What I am seeing ? Silence, ignorance, heartlessness, and irresponsibility . Suddenly I remembered some earthquakes a couple of years ago in the inland Chinese provinces. All were active and all were rushing to the affected area. Despite the far distance, our charitable people prepared goodlooking Uyghur breads and urged everyone to bring Uyghur foods to their Chinese brothers in the affected area for warming their hearts. The destination was very remote but the charitable aid arrived quickly. But our eight thousand affected brothers in the earthquake disaster in our homeland have been suffering from the cold and hunger for 3 days. The distance was very close but our love has not been able to warm up their hearts yet. The Uyghur breads have not been delivered to them by Uyghurs and we have not been able to cook and bring Uyghur food to them. In short, we could not fulfill our responsibilities as their brothers and as Muslims. Where are the charitable people ? Polo and kabab ( Uyghur foods) cannot be cooked in Hotan? Where are our businessmen and riches? You generosity cannot reach Keriya because it is too "far" ? What you have seen is your own motherland and those are your own people, not strangers. What you are seeing is needy and delicate hearts that expect love and hope from their brothers and there are no smiling faces there. Where are our Uyghurs? Where are our faithful Muslims and where are our businessmen and riches? If your love and compassion to your brothers have hardened like an ice or stone please chop them into smaller pieces and share with us
9	Fake love hidden inside charity. Fake love hidden inside charity, by Bilal Elqut. On February 2, there was a magnitude 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan Prefecture. By 9 o'clock, February 13, six counties, Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, Hotan, and 7,838 people had encountered a disaster. As of now, 982 people have been evacuated to safety (so there were many people who needed help). 157 houses collapsed and 180 houses were damaged severely and 3,117 houses were lightly affected and some livestock were killed. It has been 3 days since the earthquake. I began reading Internet news regarding this event but no Uyghur news agency is reporting about helping or getting help for our brothers. My heart was broken. 8 thousand Uyghur brothers, and 8 thousand brothers in poor areas have now become homeless in the cold winter and are under tremendous stress that cannot be described in words. Tender hands and feet and lovely faces of children have become pale in the cold weather. Mothers who were poor and needy for life were holding their children in their arms to warm them with their own barely warm bodies and they were crying hopelessly. Strong fathers were praying and touching their beards with their wrinkled hands. Their 10 million brothers were still excited, talking about a Korean stars' music event, held some days ago, and thinking about the one that would be held in some days. If one person gives one yuan, one million brothers can make one million yuan. If this money were distributed to 8,000 people, it would be 1,250 yuan for one person. Isn't it enough for them to survive the cold winter and diminish the worry about disaster? 10 million yuan. How much do you think this is ? Do you think it is hard for famous entrepreneurs and rich people to collect 10 million? Do you think it is hard for 10 million people to get together to build a new city out of a stricken area? Unfortunate! Where is the action? Where is the love? Where is the brotherhood? Where is Muslimhood? Where are those Muslims who are so devout on the Internet? Isn't this a good opportunity to do good deeds and implement piousness? Can someone be more pious than this? What am I seeing? Impatience carelessness, hard-heartedness, irresponsibility. Suddenly, those earthquakes that happened over these few years echoed in my head. People near and far were all in action. Philanthropists made delicious nang. Although it was a very long distance away, they quickly appeared before their brothers and warmed their hearts with warm polo. Our philanthropists donated money, every-day supplies, and other material generously. The destination was so far away, but the help came on time. It has been three days since there was an earthquake and 8,000 brothers are in a disastrously cold winter. We are so close but we did not help them. Our nang hadn't reached them and we are not able to cook them polo. In short, we did not perform our obligations as brothers and Muslims. Where are those philanthropists? Can your roasts and polo be cooked in Yutian? Where are our entrepreneurs and rich people? Could your generosity reach those remote areas such as Hotan and Yutian? This is not just anyone's homeland. This is a treasure place where I was born. And these are not "other" people. These are the people who encourage us. This is not the face that smiles a lot. They need our brotherhood and encouragement in this cold weather. Where are those Uyghur, pious Muslims, entrepreneurs, philanthropists? Chop your cold-weather brotherhood with your weak ax and send it to those brothers who need help
9 5	Where are the charitable people ? Polo and kabab ( Uyghur foods) cannot be cooked in Hotan? Where are our businessmen and riches
9 5	Where are those philanthropists? Can your roasts and polo be cooked in Yutian? Where are our entrepreneurs and rich people
5	The visibility was down to 10 meters at 21 o'clock in the evening. A massive sandstorm appeared in Hotan City, and hit the urban region, which caused every place to be surrounded by plastic debris and rubbish. At 20:45, Hotan City was filled with sand, and people on the streets began to look for a place to hide
5	The visibility was reduced to less than 10 m at 9 o'clock at night. The city of Hotan witnessed the phenomenon of the wind and sandstorm. The severe wind and sandstorm attacked the city, which was enveloped by plastic bags and all kinds of rubbish everywhere. The whole Hotan city was shrouded in haze at 8:45 at night. People in the street started to look for a place to protect from the wind
5	2 On the 20[th] day of that month, we headed toward Bostan village in Chire County. Aas far as we knew, some residents' houses were in a really dangerous situation. Although the Earthquake resistant houses building policy had been well implemented, some peasants still couldn't afford the bills they were required to pay, so they missed this benefit of that policy. After our careful investigation, we narrowed our target down to 12 families. Among them, we chose 3 families to pay 7 thousand, for a total of 21 thousand, and signed the guarantee letter and contract with the village officials by entering these three families into the township yearly plan. These houses will be finished after 7 months. I am incapable of describing the happiness of those 3 families. After we finished, we gave 7700 Yuan cash and supplies worth 5000 Yuan to other families in difficulties. We returned the county at 8 p.m. A suggestion on One Yuan Plan: If possible, we should consider the houses of the other 9 families. By paying each of them 7000 Yuan, we can make them live in new houses. We believe we can solve this problem
5	2. We took off for Bostan village in Chira Prefecture at 6:30 am on the 20th. As we soon found out, some of the houses were in terribly dangerous condition. Although the quake-resistant house construction policy was well-implemented here, some villagers did not benefit because of a lack of funds that they were supposed to produce by themselves. Through detailed research, we determined 12 families among which 3 were picked for a plan that would help them pay 7000 Som each to have their houses built as part of the village's annual plan. A letter of guarantee and an agreement were signed with the village administration stating that the houses would be submitted for use by July. I am too weak to describe the happiness those people displayed at the time. After that, we distributed 7700 Som in cash and 5000 Som worth of goods among families in poverty. We returned to the town center by 8:00 p.m. Here's a suggestion to the One Som Project donors: If possible, could we please do something about the housing conditions of the other 9 families?; say, help them each pay 7000 Som to move into new houses? We can certainly do this
9	1 Yuan Plan in Kiriye May peace be upon my relatives, it's been a few days since the earthquake hit Kiriye. With this earthquake, all of our hearts also were shaken. We can feel this through Wechat and on websites. On Feb13, I sent a Wechat message to ask people to help the earthquake victims, and after four short days, the total donation of the One Yuan Plan from netizens and friends for the friends in Börtala reached 70000, and nearly 4000 used clothes in 96 sacks, and 200 suits of new cloths were collected. In order to deliver these supplies to the victims in rural areas, where aid has not been delivered, 3 charity workers headed to Hoten on Feb 1, and started to visit them. Other charity worker reached Urumqi to send 26 sacks of cloths to Hoten, and returned a day later. The following are the diaries of the charity workers who were in Hoten;1.We arrived at Atchan village in Kiriye County on Feb 19. We left for Künes village and Shunggul village after we got the information that the supplies had not been delivered because of the dangerous road conditions there. Our goal is to help the people who need those supplies. Indeed, the road toward these two villages was so dangerous that it took nearly 4 hours to travel 60 kilometers of road. Luckily, the guys who welcomed us in Hoten prepared a SUV for this trip. You can't hold your tears when you see elderly people, so like your own grandparents, burst into grateful tears while they accept donation of money and supplies. We delivered 10,000 Yuan cash, and supplies worth 5000 Yuan, and 150 new clothes. (We were informed of the lack of supplies according to people who had been in the scene of earthquake, so we bought supplies from city.) We returned to the county at 10 o'clock that night. 2 On the 20[th] day of that month, we headed toward Bostan village in Chire County. Aas far as we knew, some residents' houses were in a really dangerous situation. Although the Earthquake resistant houses building policy had been well implemented, some peasants still couldn't afford the bills they were required to pay, so they missed this benefit of that policy. After our careful investigation, we narrowed our target down to 12 families. Among them, we chose 3 families to pay 7 thousand, for a total of 21 thousand, and signed the guarantee letter and contract with the village officials by entering these three families into the township yearly plan. These houses will be finished after 7 months. I am incapable of describing the happiness of those 3 families. After we finished, we gave 7700 Yuan cash and supplies worth 5000 Yuan to other families in difficulties. We returned the county at 8 p.m. A suggestion on One Yuan Plan: If possible, we should consider the houses of the other 9 families. By paying each of them 7000 Yuan, we can make them live in new houses. We believe we can solve this problem. Other friends, don't feel disappointed ever. We will reach all of you to solve your problems after we fund the remaining money. We believe that more people have more power, and a true man should be anxious about his people. 3 On the 21st day of that month, after we received 26 sacks of cloths from Börtala at the freight station, we directly distributed 12 sacks of clothes to the people in Karasu village, and carried other clothes to the Oytoghaq village. The village leadership suggested that, after they gathered the people in this region, we could distribute to them the supplies based on their real condition. In addition, they also suggested we could afford some college students after having conversation with them. We appreciated their suggestions. In that touching scene, we saw the poor faces we had never seen before, the hands full of calluses, and the eyes full of love... We directly poured 14 sacks of clothes and other supplies from Börtala and started to distribute them to the crowd. We gave 40 college students 200 Yuan each, totaling 8000 Yuan. We put 5000 Yuan into the pockets of sick elderly people. What we brought was not enough, so we had to say goodbye in a sad mood to these kind people. The college students and people, as well as the people in Bortala from the other side of mountain, sent their gratitude and regards to the One Yuan Plan community,. 4 On our way back from Hoten, we planned to visit the rare village in Guma and Qaghilik, but for some reasons we couldn't stick to our plan. We went back to Urumqi on the 27[th] day of that month. We donated 8000 Yuan to two patients in the Second Hospital, and then left for Börtala. 5. On May 1, after other 70 sacks of cloths were send to Urumqi, and then were delivered to Kiriye on May 5. These cloths are still distributing. Wapadarim 912 words: To warm hearted charities who sent money and cloths from Börtala: May peace be upon you. We tried our best to deliver the money and supplies you sent to us for the most needed places. All these photos were shot from the senses, and certification of donations will make up a photo collection. After May 12, you can check these photos from "Irpan Book Store" or "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Shop". We are more than grateful to the friends, who have helped us to go through and organize 96 sacks of cloths, to the drivers named Perhat and Turgun, who povided twice free services for tranporting those 96 sacks of cloths and carry a young man who is responsible for them. (it would cost more than 1000 Yuan). May Allah give them a good fortune and healthy body. Amen... To One Yuan Plan Netizens: This time the total amount of donation fund for the disaster is 16700 Yuan. Now, I want to tell the lovely people who donated that the details of this account, real-time photos and notes can be checked my moment on wechat, or if you want, you can add my wechat account and I will send you those to you. We have all the evidence of receiving money, I am more then grateful... To the generous sons of Hoten: Since the day our guys reached Hoten, you all took care of them by accompanying them. Thank you for sharing a SUV to take them to the rare villages in order to reach the goal of this activity. You've been suffered doing all these, and we show our highest salutes. After those 3 housed have finished, we may go to disturb you again, or if we can't make it we may also disturb you to help us. Take care my friends... Last words: We have finished this activity. 3 charity workers spend 10 days on this journey by paying with themselves. They have suffered and see a lot. The most important thing is their passion for charity work had been increased. If you get the chance to hear their feeling, it would be like a thanksgiving lesson. This is not the end for the One Yuan Plan works in Bostan village. We have paid 3 families 21,000 Yuan to found earthquake resistance buildings. Until now in Börtala we has funded 35,000 Yuan for 5 families among 9 families in Kiriye. Soon, we will sign the contract for building the earthquake resistance houses for these 5 families in the cost of paying each 7000 Yuan. For remaining 4 families, we will try our best to fund 28,000 Yuan to make sure that all 12 families on the list will move into new houses. Dear God, by this chance may this village have the name of "One Yuan Village" in people's heart. In the names of donors from Börtala, we will continue our great tradition, " When a disaster struck, the helps will come from all sides" , to help these 12 families against the poverty. May each of us with our duties help them to be free from the name of poor... In the end I want to show my respect to all the supportive and lovely friends. March 8, written on Wapadarim website, in Börtala city. IMG_3171.jpg Downloaded:0, 139.79 KB IMG_3192.jpg Downloaded:0, 70.35 KB IMG_3193.jpg Downloaded:0, 76.94 KB IMG_3236.jpg Downloaded:0 189.1 KB IMG_3237.jpg Downloaded:0 28.75 KB IMG_3244.jpg Downloaded:1 171.64 KB IMG_3274.jpg Downloaded:0, 125.75 KB IMG_3293.jpg Downloaded:0,135.89 KB IMG_3301.jpg Downloaded:0 148.42 KB IMG_3316.jpg Downloaded:0 176.97 KB IMG_3331.jpg Downloaded:0, 199.15 KB IMG_3361.jpg Downloaded:0, 94.67 KB IMG_3365.jpg Downloaded:0, 160.13 KB Don't cry grandmother, we will continue to visit, IMG_3366.jpg Downloaded:0, 226.9 KB IMG_3382.jpg Downloaded:0, 250.89 KB IMG_3405.jpg Downloaded:1, 185.42 KB IMG_3439.jpg Downloaded:0, 137.35 KB IMG_3474.jpg Downloaded:0, 185.6 KB IMG_3475.jpg Downloaded:0, 168.73 KB IMG_3485.jpg Downloaded:0, 240.03 KB IMG_3490.jpg Downloaded:0, 364.89 KB, the number of participant in evaluation:1 Forum 5+, fund reason, excellent! Evaluation report Next: One Yuan Plan Request Previous: My thought about wolf Totem There are written response to these headlines Imagination & God (Umun) Ten mysterious dead body of women Imitation cars Recommend names for new born Modern way of begging through wechat red bag...Live healthy through2016 Academic nutrition Great headlines of author Forgive me, my products! * I did it because I try my best! Attitude matters... We all are traitor* Two stranger I never forget* I tried to fund 180thousand (request)* Three* A female college student lack of money ( One Yuan Plan... All the headline of author Second test for Driver license ( Driving test... Important point about Driver License Test 3"One Yuan Plan" 10 years report One Yuan Plan turn into 10 years old The story about 500 lovely kabab (wapadarim912) There is hope where there is breath Have you seen the 9 years report of One Yuan Plan? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html Response well Bad report Have you seen the 9 years report of One Yuan Plan? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html Response well Bad report May Allah strengthen my friend Eysajan! I disturbed by the people in my mind! Response well Bad report Allah! We are grateful for the days you gave... I burst into tears...I just can say this...May flowers blossom from the steps of kind hearted people... May flowers blossom from the steps of kind hearted people I really want to participate in the One Yuan Plan or Bilip Group's activities in Hoten...Since the day the earthquake happened, I wrote a lot responses to request volunteers who want to go to the Kiriye, but no one responses like a real man... {:112:}{:112:}{:112:}{:112:} Xinjiang Five Rock International Corp Response well Bad report I really want to participate in the One Yuan Plan or Bilip Group's activities in Hoten You guys have been through a lot! But it is l worth of it! May Allah bless us! Who want to participate in Bilip Group add me on wechat, and then fill out the membership form, and pay 100 Yuan per month as a membership fee. We put membership fee in the fund. Exploration One(school) Response well Bad report May peace be upon you loyalty man, I have been touched by what you accomplished. Is it Bortala or Börtala? Can you tell us about the location of Mongghol and Uyghur people in there? Eysajan, above article shared in the Qumbulaq salon, let the friends, who can't have access to the website, can read the article by using their phones. Search title: kumbula
9	The One Som (RMB) Project in Keriye Greetings, brothers and sisters, it has been quite a while since the earthquake in Keriye. As the earth shook, so did everyone's heart, and that has been demonstrated through news media such as WeChat and the Internet as a whole. >On the evening of February 13th, I reached out to the netizens of the One Som Project about extending their helping hands to the people affected by the earthquake. It took as little as 4 days for The One Som Project netizens and brothers in Bortala to raise a donation worth 70,000 Som, 96 bags of clothing items equivalent to 4000 articles of clothing as well as 200 pieces of new clothing. In order to bring this whole commitment to the people in the most remote and neglected areas possible, 3 of the donors set out on a journey to Hotan on the 17th and started paying visits on the 19th. Another donor took with him 26 bags of clothing items to Urumqi to send out to Hotan, and returned the next day. The following is a diary of the donors who visited Keriye: 1. We arrived in Atchan Village of Keriye Prefecture. After learning that help did not reach the Kunes and Shung'gul villages because of bad road conditions, we decided to go there instead, as we were hoping to cover the places that needed the most help. The road did indeed turn out to be in terrible and dangerous condition. We barely finished the journey of 60 kilometers in 4 long hours. As a positive sign ,though, the young folks who had traveled quite a journey to greet us had a cross-country vehicle prepared. One would not be able to hold back tears seeing those grandpa-and-grandma-like old folks thanking you with tears in their eyes. After delivering the 10'000 Som in cash, 5000 Som worth of goods (based on the information provided by those who had travelled to those places and learned about the unavailability of material goods, which we had brought with us) and 150 pieces of new clothing items, we returned to the town center by 10:00 pm. 2. We took off for Bostan village in Chira Prefecture at 6:30 am on the 20th. As we soon found out, some of the houses were in terribly dangerous condition. Although the quake-resistant house construction policy was well-implemented here, some villagers did not benefit because of a lack of funds that they were supposed to produce by themselves. Through detailed research, we determined 12 families among which 3 were picked for a plan that would help them pay 7000 Som each to have their houses built as part of the village's annual plan. A letter of guarantee and an agreement were signed with the village administration stating that the houses would be submitted for use by July. I am too weak to describe the happiness those people displayed at the time. After that, we distributed 7700 Som in cash and 5000 Som worth of goods among families in poverty. We returned to the town center by 8:00 p.m. Here's a suggestion to the One Som Project donors: If possible, could we please do something about the housing conditions of the other 9 families?; say, help them each pay 7000 Som to move into new houses? We can certainly do this. All other brothers, please don't grieve. We will soon produce some more money so that we can take care of you. Where there is unity, there is strength. People's concern is with people. 3 On the morning of the 21st, we went to a shipping center and picked up 26 bags of clothing items sent from Bortala and delivered 12 bags to the people in Qarasu village in Bostan County. We took the rest of the bags to Ottiaq village. The village administration staff proposed that they gather the people who need the most help and that we then distribute the items based on their needs. The administration also suggested that they bring together the kids who were going to college so that we could help them, too. We were very happy about the arrangements. The scene was extremely heart-breaking. Faces we had never seen reflected poverty and hardened hands, with eyes expressing love...We poured out 14 bags of clothing items donated by the people of Bortala and started distributing them one by one. A total amount of 8000 Som was given to 40 students, 200 to each. 5000 Som was shared among the old folks, both men and women, who were present. As help was so limited, it was difficult to leave them. All the students and folks sent their warmest greetings and appreciation to their "relatives" in Bortala, the town on the other side of the mountains. 4 . After returning from Hotan, we meant to pay a visit to the poverty-stricken folks in both Guma and Kaghilik counties. But, for certain reasons, our plan did not work out, so we returned to Urumqi on the 27th and managed to bring 8000 Som to 2 patients who were being treated in the 2nd People's Hospital. Then we went back to Bortala. The remaining 70 bags of clothing items that had been sent to Urumqi on the 1st arrived in Hotan on the 5th. These clothes are now being distributed Thoughts and feelings from Wapadarim 912: To the donors who sent money and clothing items: Greetings, donors! We did our utmost best to deliver the money and items to their designated destinations. Photos taken on the scene and proofs of distributed money and items will be filed. They will be available for public viewing in both the "Irpan Bookstore" and the "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Store." To the friends who helped with the sorting of each and every item of clothing, to the friends who shipped 96 bags of clothing items to Urumqi for free (the equivalent of 1000 Som, if charged), to the driver brothers, Perhat and Turghun, who gave free rides to the young fellow who was responsible for the shipments: may God make their life journeys smooth and wish them health, Amen! As for the netizens of the One Som Project: The total amount that has been sent to the One Som Project account is 16,700 Som. The rest were cash accounts. What I can say to the beloved ones who sent all this money at this point is that I have all the daily accumulated records in my WeChat. You can view those if you wish or I can send them to you if you would like to add me. The monetary proofs of all the scenes are available. We truly thank you... To the generous men of Hotan: You took the time to stay with them and to take good care of them from the day our boys arrived in Hotan. You prepared a cross-country vehicle for the journeys to the most rural villages and helped us reach destinations and contributed tremendous efforts. Our highest salutes to you. When we go to look over those 3 houses as part of the first phase of the approval process, we will trouble you again or we might still trouble you even if we can't go. Be well, friends! Conclusion: Our task has come to an end. 3 of the doners spent 10 days at their own expense, going through tremendous hardships, seeing a lot and learning a lot. Most importantly, their passion for charity has grown. Listening to their experiences of the scenes is like taking a currently-promoted appreciation lesson. The One Som Project's activities in Bostan village have never ceased. We donated 21,000 Som to 3 families. Up until today in Bortala, we raised 35,000 Som for 5 of the 9 families left in Keriye. Soon we will be preparing 7000 Som and signing guarantee letters for each of the 5 families for their quake-proof houses. We will also take care of 28,000 Som for the other 4 families. We will do our utmost best for those 12 poverty-stricken families who will also be moving into new houses. Please, God, who knows, as it happens, whether this village might get popular or gain attention as "The One Som" Village on people's tongues. In the name of the donors of Bortala, we will do our very best to help the 12 families; and especially the 3 families trying to get rid of the "poverty hat" with our continuous efforts, and also develop the spirit of "One person in difficulty, everybody else helps"... Lastly, we send our salute to all those beloved who offered support. It was written in my darling's room in Bortala City on March 8. (Download numbers: 0, 139.79 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 70.35 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 76.94 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 189.1 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 28.75 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 171.64 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 125.75 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 135.89 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 148.41 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 148.41 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 199.15 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 94.67 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 160.13 KB) Don't cry, grandmother, we will visit and take care of you again, (Download numbers: 0, 226.9 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 250.89 KB) (Download numbers: 1, 185.42 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 137.35 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 185.6 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 168.73 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 240.03 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 364.89 KB) Evaluation, attendances number 1, Forum money 5+, the reason of collection, wonderful 5+, xadiman0998 Record of evaluation, the next: a call of one som (yuan) plan, the first: my thoughts of wolf-totem Comments written on these topics Imagine and God (Umun), Ten secret female corpses on the Earth, simulated machines, Please give me recommendation a name of my child, modern begging, Red bola... on WeChat, Even more health life for you, a scientific nutritional... the excellent themes of author Apologies. I tried to do my best, but I just couldn't! Attitude is most important*...we are all traitors.* Two strangers I'll never forget.* I devoted myself to collecting 180,000 Som (a letter of appeal). * Three girl students did not receive money (a one-som plan... the whole theme of the author* The second test of driving license (test place...test of driving license, important points 3 "one som plan", tenth grade, conclusion, one som plan, 10 years old.). The story of 500 shish kebab. There is a hope, if one is safe (wapadarim912) One som plan, 9th grade conclusion, did you see? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html response, excellent, bad, to reveal One som plan, 9th grade conclusion, did you see? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html response, excellent, bad, to reveal May Allah give you strength, my friend Eysajan . It made me nervous, the inside of my nerve! response, excellent, bad, to reveal Thanks, Allah, for giving us this happy life!......Unconsciously, my eyes fill with tears......I only say: Let flowers fill your heart, traces of men..... Let flowers fill your heart, traces of men. I have a desire to attend the One Som Plan or Group Bilip's teams at Hotan......Since the day the earthquake occurred.....I wrote so many comments on some website's forum and I ask whether there are any volunteers who want to go to Keriye. No one has answered my question. {:112:}{:112:}{:112:}{:112:} Xinjiang Beshtash international trade company Lmt, response, excellent, bad, to reveal I have a desire to attend the One- Som Plan or Group Bilip's teams at Hotan. You are suffering! But it is meaningful! May Allah appreciate all of us! You can add them to fill the membership archive. If someone wants to attend the Bilip, he or she can pay 100 som through the WeChat. to inquire, a "school", response, excellent, bad, to reveal Hello, I am so excited about your loving deeds. Is it Bortala or Börtala? If possible, could you speak about Mongols? Or Uyghurs at that place? Hi, Eysajan. The above-mentioned contents have been sent to the Qumbulaq Forum, If there are any friends who could not connect with the Internet, please try it with your smart-phone. Search name: kumbula
0 9 5	Needy hands stretched out and were exhausted. Let's go along the road to Hotan and think of the Uyghurs in Keriya. This is the time for holding hands with each other to support the Uyghurs
0 9 5	Love-yearning hands are waving, exhausted, Come on, let's go to Hotan and think about the people in Yutian It is time to help Uyghur hand-in-han
0 5	Xinhua News Agency, Urumqi. February 14 ; According to the information that reporter Mao Yong obtained from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region, following further investigation of the disaster, the number of affected people reached 50,000 but casualties are still unclear. The statistical information from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region: 58127 people have been affected by the disaster in the six counties of Hotan Prefecture including Keriya, Niye, Chira, Lop, Qarakash, and Hotan county by the time 8:00 A.M ( Urumchi Time) February 14. 19905 people were evacuated promptly. 3246 rooms of 1156 household have collapsed. 14540 rooms of 5489 household have been severely damaged. 15782 rooms of 7254 household have been slightly damaged. 2163 livestock killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 Kilometers of roads have been damaged. Casualties are unclear. Further investigation of the disaster is going on
0 5	Urumqi, February 14 (Xinhua): According to the civil bureau, after further investigation, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 50 thousand. But the number of casualties is unknown. According to records of autonomous regional civil bureau statistics: as of February 14th, 8 o'clock, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 58,127 in six counties: Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, and Hotian, in Hotian prefecture. 19,905 people were evacuated to safety. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, 14,540 houses of 5,489 families were damaged severely, 15,782 houses of 7,254 families were damaged slightly, and 2,163 livestock were dead. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of road were ruined. The number of casualties is unknown. he disaster situation was under further investigation
9	In the time of Qin, the Huguangdu government deployed troops to for suppressing the Datingxia riot. They cooked prisoners for the soldiers after archers shot them dead. In the year 1652, Qing dynast, 9th year of Shunzhi, Nanmen general Lidingguo attacked Xinhui with his troops and they were surrounded in a city for 8 months. When they faced famine , he ordered his soldiers to hunt the people in city to eat. As a result they had ate more 10 thousand people in the city
9	Hu Guangdu arranged for soldiers to suppress the Da Ting Xia revolt. They killed their captives with arrows and cooked them to eat, during the Mi Qin Dynasty. Li Dengguo, president of Nanman, attacked Xinhui with soldiers. Then, they were besieged in the city for 8 months. He ordered his soldiers to eat the city peoples' flesh when starvation occurred in the ninth year of Qing Shunzhi (A.D.1652). They ate more than 10, 000 people from this city
9 5	President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
9 5	President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions for the rescue efforts
5	My passionate tears, which I have held in my eyes, always shake my heart as if to make my feelings intoxicated. I cannot describe such feelings of mine anymore. There was indeed an earthquake. The epicenter of the 7.3-magnitude earthquake was in a deserted area that is located more than 100 kilometers away from the downtown of Keriye and dozens of kilometers away from Atchan village. In addition to that, considering the 7.3 magnitude strong quake, because the earthquake occurred during the daytime and the area is sparsely populated, and many were at work instead of being at home, except for those collapsed houses (about 50 to 60 houses collapsed) and the death of few livestock, there was no greao loss. The old town of Keriye County, which is continuously being mentioned in websites, is a special zone of Keriye County that was the earliest residential area where the traditional Uyghur sedentary culture has been preserved, similar to the streets of Old Kashgar. Here houses were adjacent to each other and the area is heavily populated, in addition to the existence of numerous old houses. For this reason, it's easy to say that some houses in this area might have been damaged by the quake. If so, what types of houses are they? Simply say, they are the houses that were damaged during the quake. The most shocking factor is the age of the houses. Some of them might be 50 to 60 years old while some of the newest ones would be 8 years old. There still might be some houses that are about 5 years old
5	Words failed me when I illustrated how I felt was so excited that I had to control my tears of gratitude. The earthquake did happen. The epicenter where a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck was a depopulated zone, about more than a hundred kilometers far away from Yutian County and more than ten from Aqiang Village. In addition, it was the day time when the earthquake happened in a depopulated zone, when people were busy with their work outside of their houses. Therefore, the earthquake didn't cause much damage regardless of the 50-60 collapsed houses and the loss of several domestic animals, when it was compared with the number 7.3. Kona Shahar, the Yutian County mentioned on the Internet was a special region which took shape initially as a well-preserved cultural locality for Uyghur people like the Kashgar. Damaged houses existed here because of its dense population and many linked old houses. People naturally wondered that what kind of houses they were. The cracked houses which worried people by their records are probably about 50-60 years old. The newest was even eight years or five years ago
5	There was indeed an earthquake. The epicenter of the 7.3-magnitude earthquake was in a deserted area that is located more than 100 kilometers away from the downtown of Keriye and dozens of kilometers away from Atchan village. In addition to that, considering the 7.3 magnitude strong quake, because the earthquake occurred during the daytime and the area is sparsely populated, and many were at work instead of being at home, except for those collapsed houses (about 50 to 60 houses collapsed) and the death of few livestock, there was no greao loss. The old town of Keriye County, which is continuously being mentioned in websites, is a special zone of Keriye County that was the earliest residential area where the traditional Uyghur sedentary culture has been preserved, similar to the streets of Old Kashgar. Here houses were adjacent to each other and the area is heavily populated, in addition to the existence of numerous old houses. For this reason, it's easy to say that some houses in this area might have been damaged by the quake. If so, what types of houses are they? Simply say, they are the houses that were damaged during the quake. The most shocking factor is the age of the houses. Some of them might be 50 to 60 years old while some of the newest ones would be 8 years old. There still might be some houses that are about 5 years old. Why there are so many old houses
5	The earthquake did happen. The epicenter where a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck was a depopulated zone, about more than a hundred kilometers far away from Yutian County and more than ten from Aqiang Village. In addition, it was the day time when the earthquake happened in a depopulated zone, when people were busy with their work outside of their houses. Therefore, the earthquake didn't cause much damage regardless of the 50-60 collapsed houses and the loss of several domestic animals, when it was compared with the number 7.3. Kona Shahar, the Yutian County mentioned on the Internet was a special region which took shape initially as a well-preserved cultural locality for Uyghur people like the Kashgar. Damaged houses existed here because of its dense population and many linked old houses. People naturally wondered that what kind of houses they were. The cracked houses which worried people by their records are probably about 50-60 years old. The newest was even eight years or five years ago. Why were these houses so old
6 9	Greetings from Keriye to Netizens and Friends Hello friends! I hope that this message finds you all doing well and staying healthy. I sincerely express my heartfelt greetings on behalf of all the folks in the stricken area of Keriye
6 9	Greetings to the netizens and friends from Yutian. Hello my friends, I extend all of the victims' warm regards in Yutian to every one of you, with blessing to your health and careers
2	Libya bombard the Daish militarists this time
2	The primary military was bombed in Lebanon this time.
2	China and Tajikistan plan to cooperate to fight terrorism: East Turkistan Propaganda Center
2	China and Tadzhikistan decided to work against terrorism together.
9	Arman is with the victims all the time Arman is with the victims all the time. Since the news about the magnitude 7.3 earthquake that hit Kiriye County on Feb 12 was released, Arman Muslim Foods Industrial Group of Xinjiang immediately contacted the relevant department in the affected area, collecting the information about the victims and the supplies they need, coming to actions of condolences for the affected area. Today, on Feb 14, the volunteer team including relevant leadership and workers of the "Arman" Group, with the regard of leader Radil Abla, who is on official business travel and can't make it to the disaster area, headed to the affected area
9	Arman stands by the refugees Arman stands by the refugees. An earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale happened in the Keriya County of Hotan on February 12. After the spread of the message of the local people's calamity, Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. contacted relevant departments in the disaster areas to master the situation and assess the needs of people in the disaster areas, and set out to visit the disaster-affected areas. On February 14, the volunteer team, consisting of the leaders and employees of Arman Group, went to the disaster area with the sincere blessing and love from all the employees of Arman as well as its manager, Redili·Abra, who was on a business trip
0	190 people evacuated after sudden forest fire in Guangxi. XinhuaNet News; Ablimit translated for Baghdash website. Around 16:00 local time, on April 4, a forest fire broke out in the Wugong Mountain and Shirenchong Area in the city of Wuzhou, South China's Guangxi province. The local fire authorities have launched an emergency response plan to fight against the forest fire with all their power, and warned the local citizens to keep away from the forest fire zone
0	A sudden forest fire in Guangxi caused 190 people to be evacuated. According to Xinhua news, translated by Ablimit from Baghdash, local time June 4 around 4 PM, a forest fire suddenly erupted on Bajiao Mountain and Shiren Mountain in Wuzhu city, Guangxi Province. The local forest disaster prevention command center, which had established an emergency design scheme, attended to the firefighting with other detachments and warned people to stay away from the mountain
5	The first portion of relief goods was delivered to Keriya by the Chinese Red Cross . Uzunda website: The Xinjiang Red Cross petitioned the Chinese Red Cross, asking the Kashkar Earthquake Preparation and Prevention office to send 60 tents, 80 tanks, and 800 blankets and mattresses to the severely damaged disaster areas. On February 18[th], the first portion of the relief goods from the Chinese Red Cross was delivered to Pixka in Aqkan, Keriya
5	The first batch of relief supplies from the Chinese Red Cross have arrived in Yutian County. Excerpts: Commissioned by the Chinese Red Cross, Xinjiang Red Cross has allocated 60 sets of tents and 800 sets of bedding from the Kashgar Disaster Prevention and Preparation Center to the severely afflicted areas. The first batch of relief supplies from the China Red Cross arrived at Pishigai Village, Aqiang Township, Yutian County, on Feb 13th
6 0 9 5	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported
6 0 9 5	The number of people affected by Yutian earthquake reached 50,000. The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties
6 0 9 5	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported. According to the statistics of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region Public Service Office, as of 8:00 am (Urumqi time) on February 18[th], 58,127 people from 6 villages of the Hotan province in the disaster areas, including Keriya, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, and country of Hotan, were affected by the disaster. 19,905 were safely resettled. 1,156 families' 3,246 houses collapsed. 5,489 families' 14,540 houses were severely damaged. 7,254 families' 15,782 houses were slightly damaged. 2163 sheep died. A bridge, and a 42.2 kilometer-long road was destroyed. The death report was unclear. The disaster situation was thoroughly investigated
6 0 9 5	The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties. According to statistics of the civil affairs department: As of 8 o'clock, Feb. 14th(Urumqi time), 58,127 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of the Hetian district: Yutian county, Fengtian county, Cele county, Luopu county, Moyu county, and Hetian county. 19,905 people were transferred to a safe place. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families fell down, 14,540 houses of 5,489 family were seriously damaged, 15,782 houses of 7,254 family were slightly damaged and 2,162 head of livestock were destroyed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km of highways were destroyed. The number of deaths was unknown. The disaster situation was still under assessment
2	China and Tajikistan cooperate in fighting terrorism
2	China and Tadzhikistan work together against terrorism.
5	Until now, the relief work has been accomplished, and the post-disaster reconstruction will start soon. After this earthquake, 2000 farmers' houses in Atchan village were damaged. In the past two days, the government delivered the building materials at the gates of those famers. After the weather turns quite warm, the construction will begin. At the same time, in the affected regions, some infrastructure worked after they had been fixed
5	At the present, the relief work completely came to an end, and the rehabilitation work is about to start. This time, almost 2,000 farmers and nomads' houses at Atchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter, had cracks in the walls. For the past two days, the construction materials used to build new houses were sent to the farmers and nomads' doors by the local government. After the weather hits higher temperatures, the construction will start. In the meantime, some of the basic equipment in the disaster effected area began to work one after another, after being repaired
6 5	The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. For all of us, Feb 12, 2014, was an ordinary day
6 5	A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye. February 12, 2014, began as an ordinary day for us
5	The forest fire caused 6 deaths and affected 20 thousand people. Translated by Ana Tupraq webiste. According to the news reported by the American media on the 21st day of that month, forest fires recently occurred in many mountainous places in the state of California. A week ago, two forest fires were extinguished, however 5 people were dead and more than 1400 houses were burnt. But at the end of last week, another forest fire happened in the mountainous region of northern California, which killed 1 person and burnt numerous houses
5	Six dead, 20,000 people threatened by wild fire in the US Translated by the Motherland Net: According to the reports which published on the US media in June 21, wild fires started in several places in the mountain areas of the state of California, USA. Two of the more dangerous fires in this state were under control a week ago, however, 5 people have died, and more than 1,400 houses burned down during the catastrophic fire. However, another fire occurred in northern California again over last weekend, it caused 1 death and many houses burned down
5	According to the report from the Forestry and Fire Protection department, until the 19th day of that month the forest fire has expanded to 1200 hectares. In the valley, located 130 English miles away from the north of San Francisco, at least 888 houses were burnt and 3 people were dead. Until the 20th day of that month, 53% of the forest fire in the valley of northern San Francisco had been controlled
5	On June 19, California State Forestry and Firefighter Department revealed that a wild fire had started in the mountain area of the Montery County. Currently, the fire has spread to nearly 1,200 hectors. At least 3 people died and 888 houses burned down in the mountain valley, 130 miles from the north of San-Francisco. 53% of wild fires have been controlled since June 20, which occurred in the mountain valley of northern San-Francisco
9	Enough food and shelters needed to reassure earthquake victims. Uzunda website: People.cn reported that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurred in Keriya, Hotan at 3:19 pm on February 12. The Central Communist Party and the Chinese citizens all paid close attention to the disaster
9	Clothing, food and shelter should be guaranteed for the earthquake victims in Keriye Bulletin: Peoples net, Urumqi, February 13th telegram: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture at 15:19 on February 12. After the quake, the party central committee and all of the citizens of the country showed great concern
5	Currently, all donations and alms are continuously being delivered to disaster areas from all around the country. Blue shelters called "Rescuing from the Disaster " were built at places in Bostan village, Tugmanbixi, and Aqkan village, Qira province, which were severely affected by the earthquake. On the same day, victims settled down again in shelters and schools that the local government had provided. After the disaster, Xi Jingpin, the President of the People's Republic of China and General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, provided an instruction notice about how to help people reduce injures and damage to property and possessions as much as possible
5	At present, emergency necessities from all corners of the country are being sent to the quake-affected area. "Rescue" signs were set up on blue tents at Achchan, Tugmenbeshi, and Tara Oghuz villages of Bostan Township in Keriye County, which was the most affected area. That night, the affected people settled into the government-provided tents and schools. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the CPC central committee, the president, and the chairman of the central military committee gave important instructions about to decrease the number of injured and to minimize the loss of property to the fullest extent possible
2	In Guangzhou, a hotel, which didn't report to police a suspicious traveler that was relevant as "terrorist", was fined. China...
2	Guang Zhu called the police on a passenger who was suspected of "terrorism"
6 9	The entrepreneurs of Tuksu went to console people in the disaster areas. Uzunda website: Independent correspondents Mutallip, Abdurahman, and Mahira Mahmut reported that after Ahmat Tuqsun, the director of the "Amanlik" Transportation Limited Liability Company, heard the news of the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, he quickly prepared relief goods and departed to the disaster area with his motorcade on February 14[th]
6 9	Entrepreneurs from Wensu County sent their warmth to the disaster area. Excerpts: On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 had struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February14th. Freelance reporters Mutallip Abdurahman and Mahira Mamut contributed to the report. On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February 14th
9	Since Ahmat Tuksun became the director of the company, he has not forgotten to show his care to people in disaster areas when any kind of disaster happens. No matter if it was the Sichuan earthquake, the Black Storm of Yuzhou, Gansu, or the Qinghai earthquake, he organized recue teams to send alms to the disaster areas. He brought the Xinjiangese people's care and wealth to victims by cooking them polo
9	Since AhatToksun became the general manager of the company, he had always shown consideration for people in disaster areas and shows his kindly heart every time when disaster happens. When disasters happened, for example, with the Wenchuan earthquake, mudslides in Zhouqu Gansu, and the earthquake in Yushu of Qinghai, he always organized a relief team to send relief supplies to the victims. He also cooked pilaf for victims and let them feel the kindness and friendliness of Xinjiang people of different nationalities
2	Many people lost their lives in the suicide bomb attack in Iraq. According to the report from Bib Bis news agency, on Sunday, Iraq...
2	Human bombing attack happened in Iraq and killed a lot of people.
9	Arman volunteers went to the disaster area to help. Imamjian Dawut reported that the "Arman" Muslim Food Industrial Company immediately contacted with authorities in the disaster areas to learn needs of the residents in the areas. After the 7.3 magnitude earthquake happened in Keriya on February12th, the "Arman" Food Industrial Company quickly contacted the local authorities. The company was highly concerned about the circumstances of the disaster areas and investigated the needs of the local residents immediately
9	The volunteers from Arman went to the disaster areas in Yutian County to help. Excerpts: the Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. established quick contact with the relevant departments in disaster areas to understand the situation and needs of the people in the earthquake-stricken areas. Iminjan Dawut reports: An earthquake of magnitude 7.3 struck the Yutian County, Hotan Prefecture, on February 12th. After spreading the news that local people had been affected, Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. established quick contact with the relevant departments in disaster areas to understand the situation and needs of the people in the earthquake-stricken areas, showing their sympathy for the victims
0 5	Chile Hit by Flood and Forest Fire Released time: March 27, 2015 Updated: March 27, 2015 The Voice of Turkey Broadcast news: Seven people killed in the flooding which occurred in northern Chile, and the infrastructure damage in the neighbourhoods affected people's lives
0 5	A wild forest fire and "Sal" disaster occurred in Chile. According to Sound of Turkish: 7 people were killed during a "Sal" disaster in northern Chile, because of which, construction work on community infrastructures was slowed down
9 5	Behind the scenes of the Keriya earthquake. (Jiang Li) The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 9:15 (Urumqi time) on February 12, with the epicenter approximately 12 kilometers away. The earthquake affected more than 60 thousand people from six provinces and the city of Hotan
9 5	The background story of no casualties seen during the earthquake in Keriye Quotation: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Keriye county of Hotan prefecture at 19:15, Urumqi time, February 12. The depth of the epicenter was 12 km, and more than 60,000 people were affected by the quake in six counties and a city of Hotan prefecture
5	The Xinjiang Autonomy supported the idea. In recent years, especially after the central work conference in Xinjiang, the Autonomous Region strongly valued preparation and damage control projects. The Xinjiang Autonomous Region held several conferences to explore the overall environment of Xinjiang. Earthquake preparation and subsequent intervention were carefully discussed
5	The autonomous regional government also stressed the same theme. In recent years, the autonomous region has shown great concern regarding the work of preventing and minimizing damage from earthquakes, following the "Xinjiang work conference," held by the Central Committee. The autonomous regional party committee held more than ten meetings, to carry out scientific research on the regional situation of Xinjiang and to plan carefully how to prevent and minimize damage from earthquakes
5	Let Keriya stop her tears (Appeal) Let Keriya stop her tears (Appeal). Keriya had a earthquake. The world! You are not seeing this? Uyghur nation's hearts quaked. The love and compassion of brotherhood in the north and the south of Tengritagh mountain have erupted as volcanoes
5	Yutian, do not shed tears. Yutian, do not shed tears. An earthquake occurred in Yutian, then a tremor happened in Uyghur's heart.............................Kind hearts erupted like a volcano from north to south of the Tianshan Mountains
6	Similar to the fact that a human hand is divided into the palm and the back of the hand, everything has two sides. It's normal to see the appearance of such opinions. Only smart people with clear vision can understand these. However, everything has a limit, which can neither be exceeded or fallen short of. It's really made people a bit angry to see the immediate distribution of 2008 earthquake pictures with this earthquake in Khotan. What might be the exact reason for the appearance of such a "clear" conclusion that is based on such vague facts mixed with personal feelings? This picture was taken during the 2008 earthquake in Keriye. You can check it through this web address, * Y0 V8 {4 n2 R2 \( y http://news.qq.com/a/20080327/002721.htm. It seemed that this is a special report prepared to show those generous helping hands and donated items that have made a huge "help"; as if it was prepared to show their actual help through the media in order to refute those critics who have called them "betrayers who didn't help." It's normal to see such public denial, as well as public discouragement and compliance
6	Just like one's hand could be formed from the palm and back, everything has two sides. It was common to have these arguments which can be only understood by wise people, but we should control the limits, you can reach it but can't go over it. It really made the public angry to see photos taken of earthquake in the year of 2008. What was the reason some people reached that conclusion just from unclear evidence or personal feelings? This is a picture from the Yutian earthquake that occurred in 2008, click the web address for more information. It was a common thing to see many donated items, a great number of volunteers and overflowing warm-hearts that seems to be a special news for charities. It was also normal people tried their best to let others know what they did, and caused a bad atmosphere
5	Later we got an even clearer report. According to a full report from the China News website, Keriye county in Khotan, where the earthquake occurred, is located in the southwest of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, north of the Koenlun Mountains, on the border with the Tibet Autonomous Region. During this earthquake, the Pishkar hamlet of Atchan village of Keriye county suffered severe losses during the disaster. This area of Atchan village is a mountain area which was sparsely populated and loosely inhabited. 4 I) U) [, N& S5 x4 { 6 L* _
5	Later on, information became more clear. According to the China information news, The Yutian County of Hotan district, which was hit by a magnitude 7.3 earthquake, was located in the southwest Xinjiang, northern part of the Kunlun Mountains, bounded by Tibet. Pexkar village in Atqan town had suffered the greatest blow in the earthquake. This region of Aqqan village was a mountain area with a small population. People in there had been living sparsely. 4 I) U) [, N& S5 x4 { 6 L* _
9	People from "Ihlas" donated goods worth 600 thousand yuan to the disaster area. Uzunda website: the Xinjiang "Ihlas" Career Development Company sent aid to the disaster areas in Keriya. The workers of the "Ihlas" Career Development Company were busy packing large and small boxes and loading them onto trucks the afternoon of February 19[th]
9	The people from Ihlas sent RMB600,000 worth of goods to the disaster areas. Excerpts: Xinjiang Ihlas Industrial Development Co., Ltd. sent disaster relief goods to the disaster areas in Yutian County. The employees of Xinjiang Ihlas Industrial Development Co., Ltd had been busy with loading the car with all kinds of boxes in the company's yard, in the morning of February 19th
9 5	A flood hits Qumul Mujibul Rahman Erkim May 20, 2015, heavy rain in Qumul City caused floods the next day and the floods struck three of the five ancient cities. The residents of Qara Dowe, Lapchuq, and Toghuchi have witnessed a great phenomenon they have never seen before. According to the elder people, a disastrous flood like this has never emerged in the history of the city
9 5	Flood in Hami, Mujbul Rahman Arkim. May 20, 2015, continuous raining caused a deluge which damaged three ancient cities out of five. People from Wubao, Taochu, Toghuchi villages became the witnesses of scenes which they had never seen. Our seniors told us that there hadn't been a flood since it was a place to live
0 5	Now the march of unification is being played for organizing people. We started the battle, so let's go to a safe place, with the Tughuchi people who were protecting themselves from the disaster. The union is strength. The livestock were affected by the flood. 35 people in the Qumul Shehrizat Company are delivering help to the affected area. Charitable people have come. I heard some other legitimate charity organizations are going to go to the affected area for helping people. The relevant bureau and organizations were working hard for the post-disaster recovery in their utmost
0 5	Your body is singing the unity march that destroys any obstacles. We set out for the confrontation. We should find a safe place. Aytam citizens were being sheltering from the flood. Livestock are injured. 25 Hami Shahrizat company staff was helping in the disaster area under the leadership of company leaders. The philanthropists had come. I heard that legally founded charities were coming to the disaster area to help. Government agencies were doing reconstruction work after the disaster at all costs
6	The Chinese Red Cross donated money to disaster areas. Report of the Uyghur Channel of the People's Network from Beijing on February 23rd: The cyclone named "Winston" occurred in the Pacific Ocean island country Fiji. Gu Yu, the chargé d'affaires of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, donated 100 thousand dollars worth of emergency goods and money to the Fiji Red Cross as humanitarian aid. The "Winston" storm struck Fiji on February 20[th] . Houses were destroyed and electricity was disconnected
6	China donated money to the Red Cross Society for Fiji for disaster relief. According to a telegram of the People's Network Uyghur channel on Feb 23rd: The Pacific island nation of Fiji has been affected by a storm named "Winston." Gu Yu, representative of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, sent 100 thousand in disaster relief money from China's Red Cross Society on Feb 22nd. Fiji had suffered from a storm named "Winston," in which houses were destroyed and power outages occurred
2	7 Daish members killed in Jordan
2	7 mine workers were killed in Yordania.
5	The call for help for the victims in Kiriye. According to a report, in which there was information about some college students and entrepreneurs headed toward the affected area with a cargo van filled with supplies, we learn that the van with the supplies wasn't allowed past the board of Xoten City
5	A call to provide help to the earthquake-affected people in Keriye A statement announced that several trucks loaded with daily necessities set out on the journey, carrying donations from the students and industrialists in Urumqi. However, it is learned that the trucks were blocked at the checkpoint of Hotan city and not allowed to move
2	"2,000 Crimean Tatars may become terrorists"
2	"2 thousand people became terrorists in Kirim of Tatar."
9	1919: The Communist International is found. 1941: President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed legislation establishing Thanksgiving Day as the fourth Thursday in November. 1965: France launches the first satellite
9	Today in 1919, the Youth Communist International was established. Today in 1941，the U.S. President Roosevelt designated the fourth Sunday of November as Thanksgiving Day. Today in 1965，France successfully launched its first satellite
9 5	The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks. We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township. Other news relates to Keriye from Uyghur bloggers. May peace be upon you, my friends. We landed in Hotan from Urumqi around 9:00 this morning. Then, we left for the affected regions, with the donation from our companies, Abida and Miras, as well as the microphones, provided by websites including Misranim, Anatuprak, Karwan, and Qimbulak. Certainly, this place is more than 50 kilometers away from Kiriye. We successfully delivered the food and clothes to the victims. The magnitude of 7.3 in the report is really high; however, thankfully, Allah has blessed our town and given this miracle. We knew from the Aqqang Township government that no one was injured, and only some houses were toppled. Of course, this is due to the fact that the earthquake occurred in a sparsely populated rural region. A rockslide damaged 150,000Mu of grassland, which caused 319 livestock to be killed. The pictures you saw on Wechat in recent days are from the most seriously damaged place. In total, there are only 10 pictures. We know that the reports from news agencies from the Central government and the Autonomous Region are from those pictures. However, some people on the Internet have posted pictures from the previous year's earthquake, giving wrong information. What you have seen here is the real condition of Uyghur people in this rural area. They are too poor to assemble donations. People who came here to assist these victims also updated with live reports. Now I want to say, please collect donations based on their need. We really need the necessary supplies. The victims are living in emergency tents, and because the affected region is in the mountains, they need coal for warming. Because so much land has been damaged, they need fodder for their herds too. Please remember to visit the poor Uyghur people in rural areas regardless of any excuse. I wish someone could collect money to cover the volunteers' travelling expenses. In this way, we could spend money on other poor Uyghur people in other rural areas, because this is a sparsely populated region, whose area is very large. Even if you reach here, you would not know where to find them. We are touched by people's motivations, reflecting a united spirit that says that, if one side is in trouble, the other sides will come to help. So, I advise those hesitating to come, think carefully. Accordingly, the current supplies and donations from our enterprisers and the government have exceeded expectations. ...... May Allah keep you all healthy ...... Ababakri Muhtar, reported from Misranim: an affected region, not a disaster region. May peace be up on you, my friends. I'm representing Misranim, Anatuprak, Qimbulak and Karwan websites to give a live report regarding to the condition of the affected regions. As I said at the beginning, words like "disaster region" in articles undoubtedly shocked everyone. A disaster region is an unfortunate place we don't want to visit. The correct term should be "an affected region." Please pay attention to your word usage. This morning, after a conversation with the leader of Keriye County, I found out that, since yesterday evening, many friends have delivered fodder and coal for the victims. Even the supplies from the government have exceeded the people's needs. I suggest other friends not come here, as other media have reported, because this situation is not as bad as it sounds. But still, with Allah's mercy, I am sad, having seen our friends' poverty. The people, who are already poor, attract our attention after this earthquake. God know how many poor families like them are existing in Xinjiang. After all, distributing the donated supplies has become a problem. Many charities are raising donations now, but the families live far away from each other. Under the circumstances, it is almost impossible to deliver the supplies to them. How we should do this
9 5	I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks! We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township. Other news on Keriye from Uyghur web visitors: Hello! Dear brothers, today we left from Urumqi in the morning and arrived in Hotan at 9:00 in the evening. We took rescue goods with us that were provided by companies such as Abide and Miras. ,In the meantime, reporters from Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Karwan, Chimbulaq and other Uyghur websites took their microphones with them and went to the affected area. It is a 50-km distance from here. We handed over food and clothes to the affected people together with the companies' representatives. The power level of the earthquake is a 7.3-magnitude, an extremely high number. However, Allah protects our homeland: it was as if a miracle happened. According to the information from the Atchan township government, no casualties were reported, but the walls of houses were cracked. The cause was the epicenter being sparsely populated. In addition, 150,000 mu of pasture was destroyed by the huge mountain slide. 319 farm animals died. Everyone saw pictures of the earthquake on WeChat. Well, those pictures that you saw were taken from the most affected area. In total, there are no more than 10 pictures and all pictures were taken from CCTV and Xinjiang TV: there are no new pictures. However, some web writers published old pictures that were taken of the earthquake that occurred several years ago aspart of an attempt to convince the public that the pictures were taken of this quake. This resulted in a bad feeling among the people. One could only feel the real situation of our people on the actual spot. It was our peoples' poverty in Hotan that led to the considerable donation activities among us. People did not stop making donations until now. Visitors who came to the affected area also spread the news and tried to respond to peoples' feeling. At the moment, I would like to suggest that if someone were to make a donation, or organize a support team, the most needed and necessary things are coal and animal fodder. Because the affected area is close to the mountain, night temperatures can reach levels so low that local people need coal in order to stay warm. In addition, a great number of winter pastures were destroyed; therefore, the livestock and house animals need fodder. If people want to help, their best choice is to send only their representatives. It is difficult to contact the affected people or local officials here, because the affected area is so wide and the population settled so sparsely. If you come here, I want to inform you that it is really difficult to contact the affected people or local officials. In that case, you would not be able to hand over your donations. We are very impressed by our brothers' help and kind responses. Through these deeds, they show their generosity when others need urgent help. But we further suggest that you consider more calmly before you decide to come here. At present, there is already enough food and other daily necessities, even more than they need..... May Allah be grateful to you!..... Ababekri Muhtar's report from the Misranim website: The term "disaster area" is the wrong expression, I think. The correct phrase should be "affected area." Dear brothers, I am a representative of websites such as Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Chimbulaq and Karwan, which reported the situation at the affected area. The term "disaster area," used in a lot of reports and essays, really surprised us. The literary meaning of the term "disaster area" is "dangerous place where people can not stay". Therefore, the correct expression of this term should be "the affected area." I hope we use the correct term and words when writing essays. This morning, I talked with the head of Keriye County and found out that our brothers donated a great amount of coal and animal fodder. Currently, the rescue goods and other necessities at the County storage facilities have already exceeded the needs. Furthermore, I do not recommend that many people come here, as has been mentioned in other media because the situation is not as serious as we had imagined from afar. May Allah be merciful to our brothers! It is a pity to see our people's poverty and these miserable conditions. This time, the earthquake let the public know just how poor the local people were. How many poor villages existed in Xinjiang like that? Only Allah knows! Well, then, we return to our topic: it is a difficult problem to hand over rescue goods and other donations to the affected people. Charity organizations and the people did a lot of good things, but emergency goods must reach the hands of the affected people. Due to the fact that local residents settled down sparsely, how should we get the donations into their hands? What can we do
6 9	We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township. Other news relates to Keriye from Uyghur bloggers. May peace be upon you, my friends. We landed in Hotan from Urumqi around 9:00 this morning. Then, we left for the affected regions, with the donation from our companies, Abida and Miras, as well as the microphones, provided by websites including Misranim, Anatuprak, Karwan, and Qimbulak. Certainly, this place is more than 50 kilometers away from Kiriye. We successfully delivered the food and clothes to the victims. The magnitude of 7.3 in the report is really high; however, thankfully, Allah has blessed our town and given this miracle. We knew from the Aqqang Township government that no one was injured, and only some houses were toppled. Of course, this is due to the fact that the earthquake occurred in a sparsely populated rural region. A rockslide damaged 150,000Mu of grassland, which caused 319 livestock to be killed. The pictures you saw on Wechat in recent days are from the most seriously damaged place. In total, there are only 10 pictures. We know that the reports from news agencies from the Central government and the Autonomous Region are from those pictures. However, some people on the Internet have posted pictures from the previous year's earthquake, giving wrong information. What you have seen here is the real condition of Uyghur people in this rural area. They are too poor to assemble donations. People who came here to assist these victims also updated with live reports. Now I want to say, please collect donations based on their need. We really need the necessary supplies. The victims are living in emergency tents, and because the affected region is in the mountains, they need coal for warming. Because so much land has been damaged, they need fodder for their herds too. Please remember to visit the poor Uyghur people in rural areas regardless of any excuse. I wish someone could collect money to cover the volunteers' travelling expenses. In this way, we could spend money on other poor Uyghur people in other rural areas, because this is a sparsely populated region, whose area is very large. Even if you reach here, you would not know where to find them. We are touched by people's motivations, reflecting a united spirit that says that, if one side is in trouble, the other sides will come to help. So, I advise those hesitating to come, think carefully. Accordingly, the current supplies and donations from our enterprisers and the government have exceeded expectations. ...... May Allah keep you all healthy ...... Ababakri Muhtar, reported from Misranim: an affected region, not a disaster region. May peace be up on you, my friends. I'm representing Misranim, Anatuprak, Qimbulak and Karwan websites to give a live report regarding to the condition of the affected regions. As I said at the beginning, words like "disaster region" in articles undoubtedly shocked everyone. A disaster region is an unfortunate place we don't want to visit. The correct term should be "an affected region." Please pay attention to your word usage. This morning, after a conversation with the leader of Keriye County, I found out that, since yesterday evening, many friends have delivered fodder and coal for the victims. Even the supplies from the government have exceeded the people's needs. I suggest other friends not come here, as other media have reported, because this situation is not as bad as it sounds. But still, with Allah's mercy, I am sad, having seen our friends' poverty. The people, who are already poor, attract our attention after this earthquake. God know how many poor families like them are existing in Xinjiang. After all, distributing the donated supplies has become a problem. Many charities are raising donations now, but the families live far away from each other. Under the circumstances, it is almost impossible to deliver the supplies to them. How we should do this? To hand over all the donations to the county government is the only way. The county government is full with donations coming in. But if you are familiar with the personality of the Uyghur, especially the Hoten's Uyghur, you can guess that it's difficult for them to go personally and pick up the donations from the government--out of their pride, and their unwillingness to beg for help. As we seen from the TV, usually the affected area is full of victims who are eating and living together in many shelter tents; but here, even though we're in the most affected area, you can't see more then 10 tents. If fresh polo was made by one of our people, it would be leftover because of the trouble in gathering enough people to eat it. It's commonly agreed that if supply exceeds need, people become lazy. But the victims need our help. What they need most right now is financial aid. The affected area, with its poor villages, need a financial guarantee to continue their normal production and daily life. We suggest people who can donate help the poor villages. We would be truly happy if helping hands reached the places that need them most. One more thing:, due to the already heavy supply, if further donations are sent, people should fill out the form shown in the picture. It's hard to deliver the personal donation to the government. We just heard the local school driver, Rawan in Hotan, is on his way to do the formal paperwork to donate 30 tons of coal. A lot of donations have been collected in the Urumqi. If it's not too much trouble for you, we suggest distributing donations house by house. You may face some trouble if you provide personal donations without a responsible person or company name. It's not difficult to feel the blessing of Allah toward our hometown, giving us the opportunity to deliver our love and care. Although, if the situation was as bad as they say over the net, there would be no time for paperwork, and we would not stand still without helping the victims. As a reporter from a private organization, I have been reporting the things I have seen without extra details. May happiness always be upon the kind people. Those who weren't able to be in the affected area personally, please donate your money to the people in need. As long as your goal is not to come here and take pictures, your donation can help the people needing medical treatment and education , and not necessarily the healthy people living in the affected area. The unrevealing part can be figured out by our people. May Allah bless all of us
6 9	We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township. Other news on Keriye from Uyghur web visitors: Hello! Dear brothers, today we left from Urumqi in the morning and arrived in Hotan at 9:00 in the evening. We took rescue goods with us that were provided by companies such as Abide and Miras. ,In the meantime, reporters from Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Karwan, Chimbulaq and other Uyghur websites took their microphones with them and went to the affected area. It is a 50-km distance from here. We handed over food and clothes to the affected people together with the companies' representatives. The power level of the earthquake is a 7.3-magnitude, an extremely high number. However, Allah protects our homeland: it was as if a miracle happened. According to the information from the Atchan township government, no casualties were reported, but the walls of houses were cracked. The cause was the epicenter being sparsely populated. In addition, 150,000 mu of pasture was destroyed by the huge mountain slide. 319 farm animals died. Everyone saw pictures of the earthquake on WeChat. Well, those pictures that you saw were taken from the most affected area. In total, there are no more than 10 pictures and all pictures were taken from CCTV and Xinjiang TV: there are no new pictures. However, some web writers published old pictures that were taken of the earthquake that occurred several years ago aspart of an attempt to convince the public that the pictures were taken of this quake. This resulted in a bad feeling among the people. One could only feel the real situation of our people on the actual spot. It was our peoples' poverty in Hotan that led to the considerable donation activities among us. People did not stop making donations until now. Visitors who came to the affected area also spread the news and tried to respond to peoples' feeling. At the moment, I would like to suggest that if someone were to make a donation, or organize a support team, the most needed and necessary things are coal and animal fodder. Because the affected area is close to the mountain, night temperatures can reach levels so low that local people need coal in order to stay warm. In addition, a great number of winter pastures were destroyed; therefore, the livestock and house animals need fodder. If people want to help, their best choice is to send only their representatives. It is difficult to contact the affected people or local officials here, because the affected area is so wide and the population settled so sparsely. If you come here, I want to inform you that it is really difficult to contact the affected people or local officials. In that case, you would not be able to hand over your donations. We are very impressed by our brothers' help and kind responses. Through these deeds, they show their generosity when others need urgent help. But we further suggest that you consider more calmly before you decide to come here. At present, there is already enough food and other daily necessities, even more than they need..... May Allah be grateful to you!..... Ababekri Muhtar's report from the Misranim website: The term "disaster area" is the wrong expression, I think. The correct phrase should be "affected area." Dear brothers, I am a representative of websites such as Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Chimbulaq and Karwan, which reported the situation at the affected area. The term "disaster area," used in a lot of reports and essays, really surprised us. The literary meaning of the term "disaster area" is "dangerous place where people can not stay". Therefore, the correct expression of this term should be "the affected area." I hope we use the correct term and words when writing essays. This morning, I talked with the head of Keriye County and found out that our brothers donated a great amount of coal and animal fodder. Currently, the rescue goods and other necessities at the County storage facilities have already exceeded the needs. Furthermore, I do not recommend that many people come here, as has been mentioned in other media because the situation is not as serious as we had imagined from afar. May Allah be merciful to our brothers! It is a pity to see our people's poverty and these miserable conditions. This time, the earthquake let the public know just how poor the local people were. How many poor villages existed in Xinjiang like that? Only Allah knows! Well, then, we return to our topic: it is a difficult problem to hand over rescue goods and other donations to the affected people. Charity organizations and the people did a lot of good things, but emergency goods must reach the hands of the affected people. Due to the fact that local residents settled down sparsely, how should we get the donations into their hands? What can we do? Certainly, the only way is to deal with the county authorities. Greetings and items arriving recently have reached those places as well. Something else that is unfortunate is that Uyghurs -- Hotanese in this case, as shown from their characters -- do not feel comfortable making a plea for help. It seems that the items we brought will not be picked up so easily from local authorities by villagers. As we have seen on TV, when earthquakes happen elsewhere, thousands of people gather together to have their meals in the open and live in tents. Unfortunately, it is hard to find even as few as ten tents in the most quake-affected areas here. If someone cooks a big pot of Polo, it will get left over when the cook fails to find anyone to eat it. We all know that if supply surpasses demand, people will become lazy. But we should pay more visits to the brothers here. What they need now is financial help. In other words, those who have been affected as well as those living in the most rural villages who have not been affected by the disaster need a financial guarantee to get back to their normal lives. We ask our brothers to extend their material items to those who are in poverty. We will certainly be grateful if the gracious hands of brothers reach all those in need. Something else that I have to remind you of is that since supply surpassed anticipation in some disaster-affected areas, those who would like to help the disaster-affected areas must fill out the forms. It is difficult for the government to accept and receive donations from donors. We just received the news that the Rawan Driver Education School had set out to hand over 30 tons of coal with relevant legal documentation. Many places in Urumqi raised donations. It would be best if you didn't mind covering longer distances and just distributed the financial help house by house. You will face a series of difficulties in receiving and distributing if you don't distribute the material items in the name of an organization or an entity. This shows that Allah kept our hometowns safe and gave us the opportunity to extend our warmth to our brothers and sisters. But if the situation is as serious as the way it has been publicized online, there will not be enough time to register and get the necessary paperwork done. And thus we would have set out to meet the needs of our people. Since I am a privately employed reporter, I have been reporting certain things as they are without any embellishment. Eternal happiness to the generous hearts. To those who could not make it here, please don't be annoyed. Keep extending your gracious hands to the needy. It would be best in coming here if you didn't take pictures. It would be best if the waves of donation were not only for those who are physically healthy in the disaster-affected areas, but were also for those who are struggling in beds of sickness and for those poor who are not able to receive an education. Brothers whose minds are awake should be able to understand what has not been said. May Allah keep all of you safe
6 9 5	The round-up report on Kiriye. The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks
6 9 5	The general reports on Keriye I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks
2	A bloody terrorist attack took place in Ankara
2	Bloody terroristic incident happened in Ankara.
2	Car bombing happened in Egypt's 6th of October City http://t.co/yM7D0Mirp
2	A bomb attacked a bus in Egypt on October 6th. http://t.co/yM7D0Mirp
2	America marks 14th anniversary of September 11, 2001 Attacks: On Friday in New York City... http://t.co/9T7SeDmx0
2	14th anniversary of 9.11 terrorist attack was memorized on September 11th in America. http://t.co/9T7SeDmx0
9 5	The flood in Qumul. Muxibul Rahman Erkim. On May 5, 2015, in Kumul, the steady rain caused the extreme, which hit quickly three of the five ancient cities. The people of Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohochi witnessed a scene that they had never seen in their lives. The older folks said these towns have never suffered this kind of disastrous flood
9 5	Kumul flood disaster: there was heavy rainfall in Kumul on May 20, 2015, which caused the heavy flood disaster in the morning of the next day. There are five ancient cities in Kumul, in which three were attacked by the flood disaster. People from Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships witnessed a scene that they never had seen before in their lives. The old people said that this kind of catastrophic flooding never happened here before
0 5	Erkim: the Flood in Qumul. The flood in Qumul. Muxibul Rahman Erkim. On May 5, 2015, in Kumul, the steady rain caused the extreme, which hit quickly three of the five ancient cities. The people of Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohochi witnessed a scene that they had never seen in their lives. The older folks said these towns have never suffered this kind of disastrous flood. In Tohochi, Kariz, their only source of water, a source with hundreds of years of history, was buried by the dirt. Hundreds of houses were toppled. Hundreds of livestock were washed away. The vineyards were inundated. The farmlands were destroyed. The sky alternated its color between darkness and red, and it had been raining continuously, calling to mind the old saying that the rain is a relief, unless itis a disaster. Qaradöwe was also destroyed in the same way. The raging water was flowing in the ravine, which had never encountered this enormous water. What on earth did the old men and women whisper about? In this moment, deciding between life and death, the people should unite and cooperorate to resist this cruel disaster by standing shoulder to shoulder. Native folks were tremendously upset. The folks calling and encouraging voices from around the corners drowned out the storm's turbulent and arrogant sound. Every local government's department, staff, worker and leader have already started to resist this disaster. On May 21, 2015, the flood, which was out of control, started to abateslowly through the afternoon. The passionate and warm-hearted volunteers and philanthropists, who came from other places to help in Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohuchi, have already arrived in these wounded ancient towns. The lively humanitarian lyrics started from the corners of the streets, healing every piece of broken heart. Ah, how great my people are! No matter what kind of cruel catastrophe happens, nothing is ahead of you. The song of unity from your people, crashing the mountains into dust, is being sung Go into battle. Let us go to a safe place. The victims from Tohochi. Unity is a power. The affected livestock. 35 workers from Kumul Sharizat Company are helping in the affected areas under the leadership of their directors. The philanthropists have come. Al Abide is in action. I hear that today the legitimate registered charitable organizations will help these affected regions. The related departments are working as best they can to assist in post-disaster relief. The leaderships of both Qumul District and Qumul City are with the people in the affected region to guide the works of post-disaster reconstruction. The people will never forget the leader who was devoted enough to serve the people. People from all over wish bravery and strength to the people in the affected region. We stand with you all the time. Photo source: Wechat, May 5, 2015, Qumul IMG_2402.JPG (160.41 Kb, 23: download times) IMG_2404.JPG (463.69 KB, 16, download times) IMG_2406.JPG (94.26 KB, 10 : download times) IMG_2409.JPG (157.35 KB, 17 : download times) IMG_2410.JPG (133.95 KB, 14 : download times) IMG_2414.JPG (173.98 KB, 14 : download times) yaruk 0 titles, 0 friends, 3771 collections, active member contribution 59.03%, member's information, register number: 34855, messages: 348, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 1126, online time: 308 hours, latest online time: 04/17/2016, messages and chat. May Allah bless you. Feedback reported. jim-jit titles: 0, friends:0 , collections: 5392, collective member contribution: 7.84%, member's information, register number: 22142, messages: 226, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 610 hours, latest online time: 04/25/2016, messages and chat May Allah ease the victims' suffering. I wish our brothers to establish a further better hometown. Feedback reported. 1APOLO titles: 0, friends:0 , collections: 1744, collective diligent member contribution: 74.4%, member's information, register number: 28924, messages: 40, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 568 hours, latest online time: 04/27/2016, messages and chat It is our destiny to encounter and endure disaster and death. Your brothers from the edge of Taklimakan felt sad after seeing the damage. The descendants of brave Qumul warriors have been thriving in the Uyghur history on this forum, and have been helping to continue our history till this day. They have never been afraid of any difficult task, and they punished our enemies with their swords. I firmly believe that what you have encountered today will bring you a resplendent future. Because the friendship is tested during the difficult time. I'm just able to inspire you this much. Please accept my simple gifts. In the history, your ancestors rode their horses in the tough desert, and I hope yours are never tired. The people are praying for the rewards for people who have suffered these difficulties. Do not quit. We are revitalizing because of the prayers from our people. register number: 33065, messages: 127, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 5, online time: 556 hours, latest online time: 04/13/2016, May Allah bless my friends. If they need me, as a construction worker, I really hope to help them as much as possible. I believe the Party Committee of Qumul District and government should work for their people better than other places in the Autonomous Region, which is known for the people who have been in Qumul before. I was very sad after I saw this. May Allah bless them. No one can resist this disaster by himself, and no one can just prevent the damage. Once, the houses, called Earthquake Defending Houses, couldn't resist any more. Then, the houses were named Earthquake Resistance Houses. Ah, how great my people are! No matter what kind of cruel disaster happens, nothing is ahead of you. Because the song of unity from your people, crashing the mountains into dust, is being sung. May Allah relieve their difficulties. I bless these united and diligent people. I pray they find the best way to handle these difficulties by following Allah's words. I wish that the people from unaffected regions should assist them as much as they can, and intelligent people should pray for atonement constantly by pondering on the power of benevolent and mighty Allah. For sure, our impregnable bulwark is our prayers, and our peace is the fruit of our atonements. May Allah pardon us and relieve the affected people's difficulties. I believe that the people in Qumul will overcome these difficulties. As long as there is unity, everything will be fine. May Allah bless you. May Allah prevent disasters like this
0 5	Erkim: Kumul flood disaster. Kumul flood disaster: there was heavy rainfall in Kumul on May 20, 2015, which caused the heavy flood disaster in the morning of the next day. There are five ancient cities in Kumul, in which three were attacked by the flood disaster. People from Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships witnessed a scene that they never had seen before in their lives. The old people said that this kind of catastrophic flooding never happened here before. Sanpu Township had hundreds of years of history. The only source of drinking water in the area, Karez, was buried in earth. Hundreds of houses collapsed. Hundreds of livestock died, and hundreds of counties were damaged. A lot of grapevines were eradicated by the flood. The farmland was flooded. The weather was changeable. The clouds were sometimes changed into black and sometimes were dark red. The rain continued to fall strongly. The disaster situation both in Sipu and Wupu townships was very serious. The concave ground that had held no water for a few centuries was full of flood water now. The old men constantly muttered when seeing these things. In this moment of life and death, we must unite together against the merciless disaster. The villagers moved to take part in the disaster relief. The yelling and the cheering sound arising from around the area overpowered the violent thunder of the flood. The government agencies, companies, employees and leaders acted quickly. The out-of-control flood began to slow down on May 21, 2015. The volunteer blood donors who would donate blood for Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships had been in the disaster areas. The songs of love sang in the streets. The heart burnt by the disaster was consoled by the love. How great the people are! Any catastrophe cannot conquer you. All the people sang the song of unity to crush the hinderance. We are fighting! All the villagers should go to the safe place quickly. Unity is the strength. 35 employees from Hamesher and Rizatti companies are giving aid to the disaster areas under the leadership of the leaders. The legal charitable organization also goes to the disaster areas today. Related units are trying best to prepare the post-disaster relief work. The regional government as well as the municipal government in Kumul also went to the disaster areas to guide disaster relief work. The leaders who do good deeds for the masses will be remembered by the masses forever. Toughness and persistence will be with the people in the disaster areas. We will stay together all the time. Source of the picture: WeChat. Kumul, on May 22, 2015. IMG_2402.JPG （Download counts：160.41 KB, 23） IMG_2402.JPG （Download counts：463.69 KB, 16） IMG_2406.JPG （Download counts：92.26 KB, 10） IMG_2409.JPG （Download counts：157.35 KB, 17） IMG_2410.JPG （Download counts：139.25 KB, 14） IMG_2414.JPG （Downlad counts：173.9KB, 14） yaruk 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 3,771, upgrade of active member 59.03%, member log in: 34,385, written number: 0, outstanding content: 0, forum coins: 5, contribution: 1,126, online time: 308 hours, the last time of online: on April 17, 2016, information talk in. God will bless the victims. Tip-off. jim-jit 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 5,392, upgrade of active member 7.84%, member log in: 22,142, written number: 0, outstanding content: 226, forum coins: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 1,722 hours, the last time of online: on April 25, 2016, information talks in. God bless the victims. We hope the disaster areas will be rebuilt more beautifully. Tip-off. 1APOLO 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 1,744, upgrade of active member 74.4%, member log in: 28,972, written number: 0, outstanding content: 40, forum coins: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 568 hours, the last time of online: on April 27, 2016, information talks in. We just have to trust to luck. We are so sad to see the disaster happen to the compatriots in the edge of Taklamakan Desert. It shows us the history of Uighur. The Uighur have experienced many difficulties in their development. The experience of descendants of the brave Kumul warriors will become the beginning of good life in the future. The kinship is reflected in the bitter day. I can only give you blessing and encouragement. I hope you can accept my regards. We hope you also ride an indomitable horse just as the veterans did before. Eri expresses his sadness about your suffering. Please do not lose heart. Eri blesses everything to go well. Member log in: 33,065, written number: 127, outstanding content: 0, forum coins: 5, contribution: 556, online time: 102 hours, the last time of online: on April 13, 2016, information talks in. I hope God will bless our compatriots. I am a construction worker and hope to help them. Everyone who has gone to Kumul knows that the Party Committee and local government in Kumul do better for the masses than other regions. I am so sad to hear the message. No one can withstand the disaster, and we can only prevent disasters from causing greater losses. The so-called "anti- seismic room" has no effects. It is called "shock-proof room" later. How great our masses are! Even the largest disaster can't conquer you. All the people sang the song of unity to crush the hinderance. I hope God can help them to overcome their difficulties. Please trust our government. The hard time will pass with the help of our compatriots and God. I hope the compatriots can help the victims as much as possible. God bless the people in the disaster areas. I believe the compatriots in Kumul can overcome difficulties. Unity and hope can make things better. I hope God blesses the victims. I hope God blesses us and protects us from misfortune
0	Chilean people went back to their homes, risking of volcanic eruption. Ana Tuprak translation: According to Chong Xin News on the 2nd, the Calbuco volcano in southern Chile erupted twice. However, more than 1,500 people who were living on two sides of Calbuco Mountain returned back to their hometowns to begin cleanup, risking of re-eruptions. News said that there were 2,000 volcanoes existing in mountainous areas around the Pacific Ocean. In terms of numbers, it is in second place worldwide. Among them, the Calbuco volcano was the most dangerous volcanic eruption
0	Chilean People Returned Home Despite of the Explosion Threat of Volcano Translated by "Mother Land Web": According to the Zhongxin Web's news on the 27th day, Calbuco volcano in southern Chile erupted twice. However, 1,500 residents who live in a tour city under the hillside of the volcano began to clean their homes despite the fact of possible danger from explosions. The report states, "Chile, which is located in the Pacific volcano belt, has around 2,000 volcanoes and holds the second position in the world by the number of volcanoes. Among them the Calbuco volcano is believed as the most dangerous volcano
5	Chinese Media Network News, April 27[th]: Bagdax Network: Ablimit translation. According to the foreign media reports, western Pakistan was struck by a storm that caused the deaths of 44 people and injuries of varying severity in more than 200. Based on reports, the northwestern part of Pakistan endured a storm at local time of 4 am on April 26. The intense rain and storm caused severe damage. Due to the intense storm, around 10 families' houses collapsed, trees fell down, and many roads were blocked
5	News from China's information network on April 27th: Ablimit from the Bagdax.net contributed to the translation: According to news from foreign media on April 26th, so far 44 people were dead and more than 200 people were injured by a storm in northwest Pakistan. News reports said that, local time April 26, Peshawar, in northwest Pakistan, had suffered a heavy rain and storm that caused massive damage. Attacked by the storm, 10 or more houses collapsed and trees were uprooted, which caused numbers of roadblocks
2	2 police scarified in the PKK terrorist attack
2	Two police officers sacrificed their lives during the PKK terroristic attack.
9 5	Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches. A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck Keriya county at 15:19:50 Urumchi Time, on February 12. The earthquake depth is 12 km
9 5	A severe earthquake occurred in Yutian, followed by national relief. At 3:19:50 on February 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake occurred around Yutian County. The epicenter depth reached to 12 meters
5	The number of remaining quake has been reached 143 times so far and 350 houses damaged. 861 houses with cracked walls. 386 barns collapsed and 178 livestock killed. The earthquake in Achchan village, Keriya was severe. 620,000 square kilometers area and 192,000 people affected
5	As of now, there have been 143 aftershocks, which damaged 350 houses. The wall of 861 houses cracked, 386 animal pens collapsed, and 178 domestic animals died. The strong earthquake struck Atqan village of Yutian county. The earthquake Aafected 192,000 square meters of land and 620,000 people
5	All organizations under the jurisdiction of the county have checked all constructions in detail. Currently the rescue team, consisting of more than 400 cadre organizations, have gone to the stricken area carrying medicines, tents and foods. All villages, towns and work units organized their cadres and groups to fully participate in the detailed examination task. Particular attention has been paid to fully understand the damage situation in Atchan village, which was close to the epicenter. 9 m& M3 a8 [8 O7 Y$ |
5	The Subordinate units of the county had checked all project items carefully. At this very moment, a rescue team composed of more than 400 cadres set out for the disaster area with goods like medicine, tents, food and so on. Local cadres at all levels tried their best to check out victims one by one, and especially, paid more attention to the victims of Aqqan village which is nearby the earthquake center. 9 m& M3 a8 [8 O7 Y
6 9	More than 400 cadres in Keriye county organizations in the stricken area (...) China Uyghur Radio Web, February 13, Beijin
6 9	About 400 Yutian cadres arrived at the earthquake disaster area. China Radio Net Uyghur channel, news from Beijing, February 13
0 5	A forest fire occurred in California, U.S.A. At the local time on Jun 13, a forest fire occurred near California, which caused around 250 people to evacuate during the fight against fire. (1300 English mile land was burned by the fire, which was caused by thunder.
0 5	A great forest fire occurred in California, USA A great forest fire occurred in California, USA, in local time, on June 13, 2015. In the process of extinguishing the fire, the firefighters evacuated approximately 250 people from the scene (the fire was caused by lightning striking the forest, and currently1,300 acres of land has burned down)
6	The "Cauldron Talks" Regarding the Earthquake in Keriye are Growing Agitated February 12, 2014 was an ordinary day for all of us
6	Heated talks were held about the earthquake that occurred in Hotan February 12, 2014, was an ordinary day for all of us
5	We felt happy for those actions; we were grateful for their unselfish kindness and compassion; we were proud of them, saying "my fellow Uyghurs." Though we were unable to make any contributions to them, we were keep wishing to support those people who have contributed. Later we got an even clearer report. According to a full report from the China News website, Keriye county in Khotan, where the earthquake occurred, is located in the southwestern part of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, to the north of the Koenlun Mountains, on the border with the Tibet Autonomous Region. During this earthquake, the Pishkar hamlet of Atchan village of Keriye county suffered severe losses during the disaster. This area of Atchan village is a mountainous area which was sparsely populated and loosely inhabited
5	We were totally satisfied and moved by this great love; Although we couldn't do any more, we prayed for them from the bottom of our hearts. Later on, information became more clear. According to the China information news, The Yutian County of Hotan district, which was hit by a magnitude 7.3 earthquake, was located in the southwest Xinjiang, northern part of the Kunlun Mountains, bounded by Tibet. Pexkar village in Aqqan town had suffered the greatest blow in the earthquake. This region of Aqqan village was a mountain area with a small population. People in there had been living sparsely
6 0 9 5	A press conference was held by the government of Hotan province to discuss solutions and rescue work after the "February 12[th]" earthquake. Uzunda website: the Government of Hotan held a press conference to discuss rescue projects and solutions for the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriya, Hotan on February 12[th]. The meeting concluded with important information about solutions and rescue missions
6 0 9 5	A press conference on the earthquake relief in the "2.12" magnitude Keriya earthquake in the Hotan region. Abstract: on February 15, a press conference discussed the whole situation of earthquake relief for the Hotan region, following the "2.12"magnitude Keriya earthquake, measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale
9 5	A 7.3 magnitude earthquake happened in Keriya. Xijing Ping and Li Keqiang gave very important notices regarding this. The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in the Keriya province in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region on February 12[th]
9 5	M7.3 earthquake occurred in Yutian. Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang have made important instructions regarding the disaster relief work. An M7.3 earthquake occurred at 15:19, Feb 12th, 2014, in Xinjiang, Yutian county
2	Daish attacked Tahurmahu village with chemical gas.
2	Thairé village of Daix was attacked by chemical gas.
9 5	Behind the scenes of the Keriya earthquake. (Jiang Li)The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 9:15 （Urumqi time）on February 12, with the epicentre approximately 12 kilometers away. The earthquake affected more than sixty thousand from six provinces and the city of Hotan
5	The Xinjiang Government supported the idea. In recent years, especially after the central work conference in Xinjiang, the Autonomous Region strongly valued preparation and damage control projects. The Xinjiang Autonomous Region held several conferences to explore the overall environment of Xinjiang. Earthquake preparation and subsequent intervention were carefully discussed
0 9 5	Kiriye earthquake affected 7800 people. The report from Xinhua Network Feb 13. According to the newest statistic from the Civil Affair Bureau of Autonomous Region, a 7.3 magnitude earthquake on Feb 12 affected 7800 people in six counties in Hotan Prefecture, though, thankfully, no casualties have been reported
0 9 5	7,800 people were effected by the earthquake in Keriye Xinhua Net, February 13th report: According to the newest data revealed by the Civil Affairs Department of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, a total of 7,800 people were effected by the disaster in the six counties of Hotan Prefecture during the 7.3-magnitude earthquake which happened on February 12. Fortunately, no casualties have been reported
0	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake
0 5	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake. This is yet another scar etched deeply on the chest of the Republic
5	Recently, student Liu Linhai of our Class 0208105 unfortunately lost his life in the Great 5/12 Earthquake, and our call to students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 to extend a helping hand to his parents was positively responded to by everyone. This also includes both HIB students and alumni at home and alumni abroad, to whom we would like to express our heart-felt gratitude. In addition, school faculties are already making applications to resolve the loans that he owed to pursue his study. However, as our nation is in a disaster, we should still focus our attention on the overall situation and make our contributions to the nation and the disaster-hit area. So thank you everyone for your good intention. We hope you could donate your money to the affected areas and to more needy people. If students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 want to make a donation, you may contact us directly. In addition, please note we have not posted any bank account numbers online. True feelings are revealed at times of disasters. Once again, our entire 0208105 class would like to express our heart-felt gratitude to everyone's attention and blessings on behalf of the late Liu Linhai and his family
5	The Chinese government has responded quickly to the earthquake. At the same time, all of the media, primarily composed of state-owned media, has spared no efforts in presenting the government's best face to the Chinese people who have united as never before. This is all helpful for improving the image of the central government, demonstrating that it is responsible and highly efficient
5	Since the Tangshan Earthquake, the starting point for construction standards in the mainland is that under an earthquake of the same magnitude, buildings should preserve their basic frame without collapsing. However, most of the buildings in this hard-hit area did not meet these requirements, with the widespread collapse of school buildings in particular arousing intense public disgust
0 9 5	Raising standards to in excess of Tangshan's 8.0 magnitude could leave authorities with some breathing space for explanation, and alleviate public anger. According to information leaked from numerous channels, we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck, the serious earthquake risk in the Ngawa region was already well known to the CCP. Although current forecasting standards cannot give us an accurate prediction of the exact time, place, and strength of an earthquake, there is considerable experience accumulated both in China and overseas in predicting to within the timeframe of a month, and the area of a province
6 9 5	If the simulation program was well designed, circumstances like debris blocking roads, heavy rainfall obstructing parachute drops, power and communication outages should all have been within expectations. Instead in this instance the Liberation Army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously was not a contingency plan designed with earthquakes as the assumed condition, as the soldiers all rushed straight to Wenchuan, without immediately sending out troops in the direction of badly-hit areas Beichuan, Qingchuan and Gansu's Longnan; only 24 hours later was the full extent of the disaster area taken into consideration. In addition, the breakdown in communication also brought a serious problem to the surface. In the past, Red Army regiments were able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one battered radio. On this occasion though, people had no way to deal with the communication failure
5	On the other hand, Mike (Mike Boyer), editor of "Foreign Policy," indicated in an essay in a special column, "China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management" (China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management), that up until now, the Chinese government seems to be fairly liberal with the release of information regarding the massive earthquake in Sichuan, and the government's approach is still rather satisfactory
5	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China
5	One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami
0 5	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami. Although there is a diminishing trend to the number of casualties in these three disasters, the figure of 120 thousand is nonetheless alarming indeed. Where the beaches of these countries were littered with human bodies, surprisingly there were no wild animal corpses to be found. Some animals, including elephants, during the preceding few days had already taken to their heels and headed for the mountains. And only after the tsunami was over did they come down to search for water. Is this an accident? Run Taoyan tells us it isn't! My home is in the plains to the south of Beijing, not a great distance away from Tangshan. However, damage to buildings in the earthquake was not too serious. In the days leading up to the Tangshan earthquake, horses, cows and sheep did not seek shelter, ducks and chickens stayed out of the coop - even mice crossing the road were a widespread phenomenon
0 5	Run Taoyan tells us it isn't! My home is in the plains to the south of Beijing, not a great distance away from Tangshan. However, damage to buildings in the earthquake was not too serious
5	It was said that Wen Jiabo immediately went to inspect the disaster area, but he couldn't at all enter Wenchuan, the epicenter of the earthquake, where large torrential rains after the quake were falling. It was learned that due to seriousness of the breaks and =collapses in roads, as well as continuous aftershocks, the advance force of the Chengdu Military Region has up to now had no way to rush to the urban area of Wenchuan county, the epicenter of the earthquake
0 5	The lack or serious shortage of intermediate layers of Party organizations and units between the two has resulted in its inability to consider major issues with endless minor issues on hand, such that even if it is highly capable, it won't last long, as it will be dragged down by numerous petty things. This would have been unimaginable during the Great Tangshan Earthquake. A time without volunteers or mental workers, such petty things as directly dealing with average people were performed by the most primary Party branches, as well as enterprises and public institutions. As soon as the earthquake occurred, grass-root organizations contacted their own people and average people also contacted their own systems or departments, in an interdependent manner
0 9 5	Such a behavior will only hurt the good image that Chinese have presented to the world in the earthquake rescue and relief efforts this time. Following the great earthquake in Sichuan, China, Chinese people both at home and abroad have become united as never before, demonstrating unprecedented love and philanthropy. Countless touching stories able to move people to tears have been told during the disaster relief
5	Some officials, out of local economic considerations, by accident or design are frequently too lenient in dealing with property agents. We all saw the damage wreaked by the Wenchuan Earthquake. As to how much of this was a result of natural disaster, and how much was man-made calamity, a verdict will be drawn in the end
0 5	Following the Great Wenchuan Earthquake this time, there were compatriots who struggled out of the debris, wiped their tears and buried the bodies of their families, but they braced up again and declared to the world, "we are not beaten down; we are on our feet again; the earthquake cannot shake the staunch will of the Chinese people; trials and tribulations serve only to revitalize a nation!" This enables us to see the fighting spirits of the dauntless Chinese nation give off a dazzling radiance among people in disaster-hit areas
9 5	However, owing to Premier Wen breaking away from the Political Bureau of the Central Committee collective and the State Council, flying over to Sichuan to put on a one-man show, and then issuing commands to Beijing from Sichuan and deploying troops, the leaders of the relevant departments had no choice but to fly over to Sichuan to confer over disaster relief work, before heading back to Beijing to make phone calls and delegate work; typically ineffective behavior and a waste of manpower
6	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland
9 5	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland! It was not spontaneous; it was an organized, orderly, and large-scale mass earthquake relief effort under the leadership of party organizations and governments at all levels. In the immense ranks of the earthquake relief effort, Communist Party cadres and government officials of all levels assumed the directing and organizing positions, and our people's army charged in the forefront. The emergency relief and rescue brigades sent from all parts of the country, the medical corps, the anti-epidemic corps, the goods transportation contingent and also the volunteers followed closely behind, heading for the disaster zone. Airplanes roared; vehicle wheels rumbled; and there were also the formidable ranks on foot, charging full steam ahead like the roll of an ocean wave, as the heroic and stirring act unfolded on the Chinese mainland! The earthquake was a lesson, a mirror, and a great practical test of truth
6 9 5	I suspect no nation holding the Olympics had an experience like ours during the Olympic year. Since the massive earthquake occurred in Wenchuan in Sichuan, whenever we've gazed at the disaster scenes brought to us on the television screen, we couldn't accept and didn't dare to face the huge damage done to our nation by these sudden disasters. The Chinese people's dauntless national spirit was once again unfolded, behind the figure of the premier in particular, this 66-year-old premier who was just the same as an ordinary old Chinese person, rushing about the disaster zones
0	Although Wen Jiabao then requested that access to disaster-hit areas be made available by midnight the 13th, it was until 21.30 hours on the 15th that relevant rescuers connected the road from Li County to Wenchuan for the first time, which was already 79 hours after the earthquake. It should be noted that at the time, rescuers were still unable to access 34 of the 58 townships affected by the disaster
6 9 5	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier
6 0 9 5	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier. The bodies of the students killed in the earthquake came to rest in the school playgrounds, the unremitting wretched cries of many family members confirming the deceased or paying respects harrowing the hearts of the hearers
6 0 9 5	Following the great earthquake, all over Tangshan squares, school playgrounds and pedestrian walks on both sides of streets lay piles of dead bodies and wounded refugees. In disaster-hit areas, streams of people who carried wounded people for medical care and medications can be seen everywhere
0 5	In recent years, as some major earthquakes have occurred all of a sudden in areas not previously expected (e.g. the Armenia Earthquake in the former Soviet Union, the Osaka-Kobe Earthquake in Japan and the Los Angeles Earthquake in the United States etc.), while they have failed to happen as expected in some earthquake-prone areas (East Sea of Japan, and Parkfield in the United States), for which there are specific predictive opinions, scientists have been prompted to review if the existing earthquake forecasting system is effective. Britain's Royal Astronomical Society and Geophysical Association held a workshop on "Assessment of Schemes for Earthquake Prediction" in London, the United Kingdom, in November 1996
6 0 9 5	The Wenchuan Earthquake wrought massive destruction on those in its path. According to incomplete statistics, as of 7pm on the 13th, 12,012 victims had died in the Sichuan quake zone, 9,404 people were buried in the rubble, 7,841 were missing, with 26,206 being treated in hospital
0	The Political Bureau also specifically assigned people to the task of Mao Zedong's medical care, taking turns with the doctors and nurses to be on constant vigil at his living quarters. On the day of the Tangshan Earthquake, i.e. July 28th, those on duty at Mao Zedong's quarters were Wang Dongxing, Wang Hongwen, and Mao Zedong's confidential secretary, Zhang Yufeng. In the early hours of the morning, with the clock hands pointing to 3:42, the ground of Zhongnanhai suddenly started to shudder
0	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine
6 0 9 5	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine. The earthquake disaster neatly coincided with the Olympic torch relay within China
0 5	Terminating the torch relay, I believe, will be able to win compassion, understanding and support of the international community, as well as understanding, endorsement and support of the whole nation. Terminating the torch relay will only present an image to the international community that the Chinese people face up to realities, seek truth and pragmatism, fear no difficulties, share one purpose, and unite to fight against the disaster. On the contrary, if we simply continue the relay, the international community will only turn a cold shoulder to and look down upon China
9 5	Now with the earthquake in Wenchuan, people all over the country are burning with anxiety over the disaster rescue efforts. But a small number of flunkies of the foreigners went wild and intentionally made hateful insinuations towards and mocked the image of the PLA to stir up tensions between the military and the government and between the military and the people. How can this be tolerated?
0 5	Ever since the earthquake disaster, the TV stations have been broadcasting the quake zone situation 24/7, and apart from being moved by the Liberation Army, more than that I feel regret that the people in the disaster zone have not been properly mobilized. There are many youths in the disaster zone idling by the wayside, or watching on as the Liberation Army carry out rescues, or just sitting on the ground with nothing to do. Is that because these guys are not concerned? No, the point is that no Party organization has rounded them up efficiently and formed them into a rescue force. Right now, with only regular army troops going into the disaster zone, a lot of large equipment is stuck on the roads, progress is painfully slow. With these kinds of geological conditions, why not fully organize the people, breaking them up into small groups to disperse throughout the disaster zone? If the main routes are blocked, take smaller roads. If the smaller roads are blocked off, take the mountain roads. The local population ought to best understand the lie of the land. It shouldn't be much of an issue to organize a few more people together, find guides and get into the disaster zone. When the Liberation Army can't enter the disaster area en masse, the most effective approach would be the onsite organization of the population for quake relief, or mobilizing the inhabitants of surrounding settlements not badly affected by the disaster, marshalling them together in the quickest possible time and making haste for the rescue effort front line
5	Normally it's possible, but in this particular earthquake it isn't possible. Because Wenchuan County is in a valley, you must descend in order to be able to conduct a rescue. In addition, for Wenchuan, this sort of place lying on the edge of the plateau, ordinary helicopters cannot necessarily fly up there. A helicopter used specifically for plateaus may be required
5	On Wednesday morning, the Juventus club quietly arrived in Hong Kong to kick off their China tour. Hong Kong is the first stop on Juventus' Asia-Pacific tour. They then will head to Shanghai, before finally flying out to Oceania to take on Australia's Melbourne Victory
9 5	Amid the serious situation of the strong earthquake in Sichuan, Taiwan companies have been making donations. Donated funds are nearly NT $3 billion from groups including Formosa Plastics, Foxcom, Far Eastern, and Yulon. By contrast, ten richest people in China donated only about NT $140 million in total, which brings the cross-strait gap to nearly 20 times
6 5	I am in Taipei, and other than donating a small amount of money to Tzu Chi to support my fellow countrymen, I really couldn't do a whole lot. I could only say: Go fellow countrymen in Sichuan!! Go Chinese people on both sides of the Strait!! Let me share something I've learned with my friends and countrymen in the mainland, especially those in Sichuan
0	Lately, the earthquake has attracted the attention of the entire nation, such that some previous news headlines have faded from the public field of vision. In the official homepage of the Shandong International Culture Industry Fair, unexpectedly I saw the news of the Chinese Culture Icon City. On May 13, the second day after the earthquake, the Office of the Organizational Committee of SICIF held a special scheduling meeting, which was attended and addressed by the director of the Chinese Culture Icon City Office of Planning and Development. The Jining Daily on May 13 reported a Jining leader pointed out on the afternoon of May 12 that 8.1 million Jining people were tightly grasping the two major historical opportunities, namely planning and development of the Chinese Culture Icon City and the efforts of Shandong Province to accelerate the development of the Southern Shandong economic belt. The Jining Daily on May 16 carried a top story on the front-page that the county of Liangshan in Jining has decided to implement the development of a "ten billion, billion and hundred million" project, which involves cultivating industries with a sales revenue over 10 billion yuan, nurturing groups with a sales revenue over a billion yuan, and developing projects with an investment over 100 million yuan in three years' time. The news story also mentioned the plan to invest 100 million yuan in the Water Margin Film Studio and Cultural Park
0 5	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out
5	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out. Along with local media, Japan's major national media organizations rushed to the disaster zone at the first opportunity, immediately throwing themselves into a drawn-out exercise of disaster relief reporting
6	Here I'm simply writing down a few thoughts of mine. In the fallout of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, the PLA entered disaster-hit areas for rescue as soon as they could. Due to the urgency in time and unprecedented transparency in news reports, I've been able to see some of the things more clearly than before
5	China's central government recently gave the order for wealthier provinces and cities to immediately provide financial and technical assistance to those areas hit by the earthquake disaster. This order enables cities such as Beijing and Shanghai to collaborate with the less developed regions of Sichuan Province. It signifies that China has realized the difficulties inherent in the task of rebuilding each settlement from scratch, and finding accommodation for around five million people
6 9 5	Since ancient times, the Sichuan basin has "had one third of the land" in China. Regional advantages of Sichuan have a linkage to the surrounding provinces. Setbacks to the Sichuan economy and damages to Sichuan's road transportation will impact the GDP of surrounding regions
6	According to estimates of AIR Worldwide, a well-known disaster assessment company globally, losses as a direct result of the great earthquake may have exceeded USD $20 billion. However, there's news from the city of Deyang in the earthquake area that losses estimated by the government is as much as RMB 200 billion here in China's powerhouse of heavy equipment alone
5	The speed and the scope of influence of transmission over the Internet are enormous. After the rumor "Ma Yun only contributed one yuan to the earthquake relief" appeared on the web, I really worried that too many people had believed this rumor. Supposing that was the case, it would not only harm the reputation of Ma Yun and Alibaba, it would moreover tarnish and sully the sincere compassion towards the people of the disaster zone of those enterprises and entrepreneurs steeped in a sense of social responsibility . The leader of the American civil-rights movement, Martin Luther King, once gave this sort of analogy about rumors: "Rumors are like snowballs; the longer they roll, the larger they become." In the case of these "rumor snowballs" like that about Ma Yun's donations, if we don't put a stop to them, they will certainly roll ever larger. Although it is said that "the wise will not listen to rumors," not everyone has the ability to discriminate. What can really end rumors is not some "wise person," but "openness." Let us take a look here at the real action of Ma Yun and his Alibaba company when confronted by the earthquake disaster
5	In the wake of the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, companies have followed up the actual situation with substantial donations, while conducting rational integrated event marketing. Tencent has demonstrated =great strength in this event, as not only has the company donated RMB 10 million, but Tencent users have donated over 10 million in disaster-relief funds
9 5	China experienced a great earthquake rarely seen in history, which aroused the concern of the Chinese nation including people of Chinese origins across the globe. Several hours after the earthquake, the respected premier, an old man 66 years of age who was a thousand miles away, risked his life to appear at the front line in Sichuan's worst-hit disaster area. Several dozen thousand PLA and Armed Police troops marched a thousand miles and appeared as soon as they could on the scene of disaster-hit areas
0 9 5	In Sichuan province alone, more than four million buildings collapsed and were damaged in the earthquake. Since May 12, the millions of people who successively evacuated from the disaster areas in Sichuan were relocated to Chengdu, Deyang, Miaoyang, and their surrounding cities. Most of them live in temporary tents or makeshift shelters
5	In Sichuan province alone, more than four million buildings collapsed and were damaged in the earthquake. Since May 12, the millions of people who successively evacuated from the disaster areas in Sichuan were relocated to Chengdu, Deyang, Miaoyang, and their surrounding cities. Most of them live in temporary tents or makeshift shelters. Although their life for the short term is expected to have no big problems, after carrying out earthquake relief for one week, the long-term living arrangements for the disaster-stricken people have started to draw the attention of many parties
5	It's true; many animals have sensory systems that are much more sensitive than humans'. Vipers can sense infra-red light; elephants and whales can sense subsonic sound; dogs not only have a very acute sense of smell, they can even hear ultrasonic waves... Many animals, particularly cave-dwelling animals, are extremely sensitive to vibration, so even if you move very stealthily, mice can still always easily sense that you are approaching, and make good their escape. Much of the unusual behavior of animals before earthquakes happens because of this. Before many major earthquakes strike, there will be several very small foreshocks. These frequently occurring foreshocks may disturb those animals that are sensitive to vibration. In particular, it should be noted that the earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale that occurred in Haicheng, Liaoning, on February 4, 1975, is the only successful prediction in the world to date that is undisputed, scientifically meaningful, and of benefit to the public. This successful forecast was precisely based on monitoring of frequently occurring foreshocks, rather than on reports of unusual behavior among animals, which were later widely spread
6 9 5	When the earth is still unrest in the aftermath of the Great Wenchuan Earthquake that rocked China and shocked the world, the premier of the Chinese government has personally travelled to disaster-hit areas to organize disaster-rescue efforts, winning applause from Chinese worldwide and life-respecting international friends alike. With the joint effort of people around the world, countless lives have been promptly saved and homeless victims have been initially placed
0	Collapsing in the great Wenchuan earthquake were not only buildings, but also a culture of agricultural civilization. Agricultural civilization, characterized by an independent individual economy and a centralized polity of dependent groups, is an early stage in human civilization
6 5	Do you know? The 82nd Airborne Division, the first paratroop division in the U.S., the spearhead of the Normandy landings, the backbone of the U.S.'s paratrooper forces in WWII, the Vietnam war, the Afghanistan war and the Iraq war, the king of airborne divisions, with equipment so high-tech it can sneer at the rest of the world -- how many days was it after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans till they went in to do rescue work? A full three days
6 0 9 5	The strongest earthquake in a generation occurred in Sichuan, China yesterday, resulting in tens of thousands of people being killed, missing, or buried underneath the debris of collapsed housing estates. Emergency rescue efforts were launched across the country as a result. A magnitude 7.9 strong earthquake hit Sichuan, China, causing schools, houses, and factories to collapse. The military and rescue teams in all areas scrambled to advance to the disaster areas by air, land, or sea
6 5	Reports said the group of 90 helicopters will join 20 helicopters currently air dropping food and supplies to remote areas. A magnitude 7.9 earthquake hit Sichuan on the 12th. Over 40,000 people are currently known to have died or be missing. Wen Jiabao said at a rescue meeting last night, "We must do everything and spare no cost to rescue people.
5	After the strong earthquake occurred in Sichuan, China's Red Cross Society joined with China Mobile, China Unicom and others to open up mobile phone text-message fund-raising channels. Since the platform officially opened at 9 p.m. on the 13th until 1 p.m. of the 16th, more than 3,000 people have made contributions with the total amount reaching 70 million Yuan. "From the continual text messages that came in, we can see the united spirit of ordinary people in China, and the strength of concerted efforts.
9 5	On the 17th, the report entered Jiuzhaigou County of Sichuan Province from the disaster area of Longnan City Wen County in Gansu Province. The person in charge of the local tourism board explained that with the safe evacuation of 15 tourists from the United States, India, and Israel in the morning of the 17th, thousands of tourists who were stranded there since the Wenchuan earthquake on the 12th all left Jiuzhaigou County safely
0	Over 100 people including China's State Office for Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language (SOCTFL) Director Xu Lin, President of the University of Arizona Shelton, faculties and students of the university, as well as representatives of local overseas Chinese attended the ceremony. Before the ceremony began, the participants paid silent tribute in a body for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake in China. Xu Lin briefed the participants on the planning and work of the SOCTFL in the next five years. She added that it will promote Chinese language and culture around the world to deepen mutual understanding with people of different countries and better promote exchanges between different cultures
5	The reporter learned from China's Ministry of Civil Affairs that in order to further improve the collection and sorting of disaster information, the technical needs to protect disaster victims' emergency transfer and resettlement, and to develop comprehensive evaluation of the disaster, the National Disaster Reduction Committee and the Ministry of Science and Technology have jointly formed an earthquake relief expert team recently. The expert team is composed of experts from different ministries and committees, research institutes, universities and colleges. The main tasks of the expert team are: provide information assurance for decision making in national earthquake relief, provide emergency scientific and technical support for the current earthquake and disaster relief, carry out a comprehensive assessment of the disaster. It is understood that there are four sub-groups under the expert team. They are the evaluation team of seismic intensity, the impact assessment team for seismic-geological disasters, the assessment team for catastrophic disasters, and the comprehensive approach team. The deputy director of expert committee members of the National Disaster Reduction Committee, Professor Shi Peijun, is the team leader of the expert team. It has been explained that the expert team will fully utilize information about the catastrophic earthquake and its disaster chain understood by the departments and units, and produce comprehensive analysis reports and graphic documents through integrated consultation, and provide decision support to relevant departments in forms of recommendations
6 9 5	China's Wenchuan earthquake that occurred on May 12 pulled the heart strings of the Pakistani government and the people. The government of Pakistan made several donations of money and material to help the affected areas in China. The hearts of the Pakistani children are also linked to the children in the earthquake-stricken areas of China
0 9 5	Afterwards, he returned to South Korea in the afternoon of the same day on a private plane, ending his four-day state visit to China. Accompanied by Foreign Minster Yang Jiechi, Lee Myung-bak went to the hardest-hit area, the city of Dujiangyan, by car. He inspected the city's Dujiangyan Branch of the Bank of China and Puyang Road Public Fitness Activity Center, which were damaged and had collapsed during the earthquake, and visited Dujiangyan's Sweet Home Earthquake Victim Relocation Site. At the relocation site, Lee Myung-bak expressed his deep sympathy and condolences to the earthquake victims, and visited primary and secondary school students studying at the Sweet Home Earthquake Relief School; elementary school students put a bright red scarf on Lee Myung-bak
6 0 9	Furniture fell in the homes of some residents, but road traffic was normal. However, the most recent report stated that two primary schools in Liangping County, Chongqing collapsed. Over 100 students were injured, four students had died, and some students were buried. After the earthquake, the reporter immediately got in touch with the news center at the Three Gorges Reservoir Area and the Three Gorges Dam
6	To ensure that the earthquake relief personnel, equipment, materials, and items can be quickly transported to the disaster area, China Southern Airlines has adjusted its capacity as expeditiously as possible to organize sufficient capacity for the relief effort, and has fulfilled one transportation task after another with efficiency and quality. Before dawn on the morning of May 14, two Boeing 747 airplanes were dispatched by China Southern Airlines for earthquake relief transportation to carry 80 tons of communication equipment donated by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. and nearly 10,000 tents from the National Relief Storage Center to quake-hit Chengdu in a timely manner. Meanwhile, on the thirteenth and fourteenth, the airline company arranged for seven Boeing 777 passenger airplanes to provide transportation for the relief work
9 5	Aftershocks continued through the rainy night of the 13th. When the reporter arrived at the county town of Beichuan in the morning of the 14th, collapses in some places had become more serious. But the reporter was pleasantly surprised to find that rescue workers were still working at the place where the little girl was seen the previous day. That means the little girl was still alive
6 9 5	After leaders of several countries and international organizations expressed their sympathy and solicitude to China for the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, some countries have announced in recent days they would provide aid for disaster relief in the Wenchuan disaster area. The reporter learned from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the aid includes US$50 million in cash and US$10 million in supplies that Saudi King Abdullah has decided Saudi Arabia will donate to China to assist it in disaster relief
5	Since rich and powerful people and property developers in China have not been active in disaster relief, they were accused and criticized by China's public opinion, and their images have dropped to the bottom. As of the day before yesterday, the top ten richest people in China have only given a total of RMB 32.5 million Yuan (about 143 million NT Dollars) for earthquake relief. Of these, Vanke Real Estate which had sales income of more than 52.3 billion Yuan last year contributed RMB 2.2 million Yuan. SOHO China, which is under China's real estate tycoon, Pan Shiyi, who is currently visiting in Taiwan, gave RMB 2 million Yuan. Reports mentioned that many Internet users lashed out that these real estate developers who have made huge profits were "rich but cruel", "cold-blooded", and "profiteers". Some thoughtful Internet users even posted lists of the richest people and real estate developers in mainland online with their contributions, to have mainland people monitor these rich people together, and let these rich people do their responsibilities for society. Mainland Internet users said that the real estate developers' performance was disappointing in the earthquake disaster relief. They questioned, "The earthquake happened, houses collapsed, where did all the real estate developers go?
6	An Meijian, expert at the Institute of Geology and Geophysics, Chinese Academy of Geological Sciences, added that the magnitude of the Wenchuan earthquake was a little higher than the Tangshan earthquake. The energy differential was threefold. The greater the seismic waves and energy, the farther the earthquake spreads, causing damage at a further distance. In addition, the location of the Wenchuan earthquake was also very unusual
5	Sichuan Deyang City, Ying Hua Town, Ying Feng Chemical Plant dormitory. Tan Jianhua sits anxiously beside the messy dormitory debris. Her husband Chen Fujun is buried in the ruins. It is now over 103 hours since from the time the Wen Cchuan earthquake took placehappened
0	Sichuan Deyang City, Ying Hua Town, Ying Feng Chemical Plant dormitory. Tan Jianhua sits anxiously beside the messy dormitory debris. Her husband Chen Fujun is buried in the ruins. It is now over 103 hours since from the time the Wen Cchuan earthquake took placehappened. Chen Fujun is not an employee of Ying Feng Chemical Plant. He lives in Mianzhu County, not too far from Ying Hua Town
6 0 9 5	The high resolution aerial photos and videos taken by a small unmanned plane in the major disaster county of Beichuan showed that there were approximately over 11,000 square meters of construction area in southern part of Beichuan County, visualization of collapsed area accounted for approximately 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. After the magnitude 8 strong earthquake hit Sichuan Wen Chuan, the technology setup work team of the National Disaster Reduction Center under the Ministry of Civil Affairs rushed to the disaster areas of Sichuan earthquake to conduct disaster damage assessment
6 0 9 5	Preliminary analyses were as follows: (1) The construction area in southern part of Beichuan County shown in the aerial photos was approximately over 11,000 square meters, visualization of collapsed area accounted for about 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. (2) The landslide brought about by the earthquake had caused serious damages to the old county town in the southwest of Qushan Town in Beichuan County and had blocked the traffic of provincial-level road S302
5	The Sichuan earthquake had claimed the lives of tens of thousands of compatriots. It also unavoidably left survivors with psychological trauma. Normal people can hardly imagine the trembling when the mountains collapsed and the earth cracked, as well as the agony while waiting for rescue
5	Vice minister of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Jiang Li, claimed in a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office this afternoon that they have handled the bodies carefully, strictly compliant with the operation rules, respected the dignity of the victims, and done well to appease victims' families. Jiang Li said that the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Public Security, and Ministry of Health have all dispatched teams of experts. They are already instructing the handling of bodies in the disaster areas. In addition, the Central Ministry of Finance is distributing 5,000 Yuan for the families of each victim for solatium. The Ministry of Civil Affairs has urgently allocated 48 body transportations, cremation, and processing equipment. The Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Health, and Ministry of Public Security are consulting together, dividing responsibilities in handling the remains. It is necessary to handle victims who are not identifiable. The approach is to let public security and health departments to number, record, and photograph the remains in accordance with the situation in the disaster area, extract materials for DNA testing; these will be in unified storage and testing of public security departments to build a DNA database to indentify the "5.12" earthquake victims
0	Jiang Yiman also introduced that the Chinese Red Cross Foundation (CRCF) had transferred five batches of a total of 18,510 disaster relief tents after the Wenchuan Great Earthquake occurred. What's more, of the five batches, only the fourth was purchased urgently in Shaanxi with current relief funds and was delivered directly to the distressed areas in Sichuan by the CRCF without using any intermediary links. She also said that CRCF tents were silver-gray with a logo consisting of a red cross and green olive branches as well as the name "Chinese Red Cross Foundation" in both Chinese and English
0 9	As the first visiting head of state in China after the earthquake, Medvedev, at the beginning of his speech, expressed condolences on the great loss suffered by China and promised to try his best to "provide necessary assistance" to China. Prior to this, Russia was already the earliest to deliver batches of material to the disaster areas in Sichuan. The Russian rescue team also rushed to the disaster sites to participate in rescue efforts. On Medvedev's curriculum vitae, he taught in St. Petersburg State University for nine years, giving him a special sentiment for colleges and universities. "Above-average institutions of higher learning train a new generation of scholars and thinkers who will eventually become public figures. Eventually, they will also take up responsibilities of creating new achievements in scientific, economic, political, and cultural areas
5	In 1975, Chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the Haicheng earthquake accurately. Those in power at that time used this as teaching materials to show that socialism is superior to capitalism
0	In 1975, Chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the Haicheng earthquake accurately. Those in power at that time used this as teaching materials to show that socialism is superior to capitalism. Unusual animal behaviors such as "making noises in minor earthquakes and arriving in major earthquakes" were also used as absolute truths in earthquake prediction, and were later widely disseminated. After reform and opening up, China has been geared to international standards for thirty years; but after all, seismology is not a popular subject. Although most scholars have accepted that earthquakes are not predictable, on the public level, there are still a lot of people who believe that there must be some forewarnings for earthquakes. Therefore, after the occurrence of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, incidents such as migration of toads were heated discussions online. If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately. A good nation must learn from disasters before it says how difficult it is to be prosperous. If we did not have sufficient financial resources to build buildings with anti-seismic standards after the great Tangshan earthquake, with unprecedented national strength today, we have every reason to learn from advanced countries and shift the focus of response to earthquakes to measures of disaster reduction
5	After reform and opening up, China has been geared to international standards for thirty years; but after all, seismology is not a popular subject. Although most scholars have accepted that earthquakes are not predictable, on the public level, there are still a lot of people who believe that there must be some forewarnings for earthquakes. Therefore, after the occurrence of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, incidents such as migration of toads were heated discussions online. If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately
0 5	If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately. A good nation must learn from disasters before it says how difficult it is to be prosperous. If we did not have sufficient financial resources to build buildings with anti-seismic standards after the great Tangshan earthquake, with unprecedented national strength today, we have every reason to learn from advanced countries and shift the focus of response to earthquakes to measures of disaster reduction
9	The Ministry of Public Security said on the 25th that it will strictly investigate corruption and docking off of disaster relief funds. Audit Office published on the 26th the telephone number and Web site to audit and report Wenchuan earthquake relief funds and materials
6 9 5	When the news of a strong earthquake that occurred in Wenchuan County arrived on May 12, residents in downtown of Chengdu, who were 92 kilometers from the epicenter, were sleepless through the night. "When one place is in difficulty, support comes from all over". On the evening of May 13, residents of Chengdu Central Garden community crowded in front of the television, watching the reports of the disaster relief situation tensely
6	On the 15th, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the Ministry of Finance started an emergency procurement procedure, to procure from vendors a number of tents, cotton-quilted coats and blankets, lights, outdoor toilets, and other relief supplies urgently needed in the disaster areas, and delivered to the disaster areas as fast as possible. The National Development and Reform Commission requested to investigate price hikes in the disaster areas. Various price control authorities will conduct comprehensive inspection on food and transportation prices in the disaster areas. They will investigate and deal with violations and irregularities in prices of boxed lunches, instant noodles, biscuits, mineral water, and other convenient foods. The Ministry of Water will put its efforts to implement five major tasks in earthquake relief efforts. The first thing is to ensure flood safety for destroyed reservoirs, hydropower stations, barrier lakes, dikes, silt dams, and culverts, and the most important of the current earthquake relief work is to prevent occurrence of secondary disasters. The second is to increase working teams to investigate the damage of the water supply in rural areas and some cities rapidly, organize efforts to pay close attention to repair damaged water supply facilities, and help the earthquake-stricken areas to restore water supply as soon as possible. The third is to strengthen hydrological forecasting and to do a good job in flood control scheduling. The fourth is to organize and develop emergency repair of damaged water conservancy projects and post-disaster reconstruction planning. The fifth is to ensure that communications with the disaster areas are kept open
5	"We have not given up, so how can you consider giving up?" These are the words that a netizen wrote to a survivor still buried under the rubble. Many netizens wait in hope that the tenacity of life can defeat cold ruins and grim hunger and thirst, so that the those surviving may persevere until they emerge from danger, and allow the radiance of life to bloom once again. Love and faith have enabled numerous lives to persist, among whom many have moved us with their strong will and courage: many netizens were deeply touched by the photo featuring a boy, after being salvaged from the ruins, saluting the PLA soldiers. "Uncle, please bring me a bottle of cola, a frozen one." This first request by another boy after being rescued made us smile amidst our tears...... . During an interview with reporters, Huang Jianfa, Director of the China Earthquake Administration's Bureau of Emergency Response and Relief, said that, according to international conventions, there is always hope of finding survivors within the first 7 days, but the probability of finding survivors within the first 3 days is higher
0	A large area of tunnel 109 of Baocheng Line collapsed in the Wen Chuan earthquake, causing trains to derail and tankers to catch fire. The transport of Baocheng Line was thus interrupted. After the disaster, the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee and the State Council had paid great attention. General Secretary Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao gave important instructions
0	At 11:00 tonight, 36-year-old driver, Wang Sheng, with 15 years of driving experience, honked a long horn and drove a large container truck out the door of Huzhou Yinge Outdoor Travel Goods Co., Ltd. His destination is Guangyuan City, an earthquake-stricken area in Sichuan Province, which is 2000 kilometers away. Watching the departing vehicle, Chairman of "Yinge", Tang Ye, said with tears in his eyes, "A tent is a home, ah, the suffering compatriots are more anxious than I am!
0 9	"Although the Sichuan earthquake is a disaster, the performances of the Chinese government and the people in the earthquake disaster relief are changing the image of China in the world, letting the outside world see the real China. This is a blessing in an unfortunate event." Mr. Pierre Picard made this comment to a reporter of this newspaper when talking about the Sichuan earthquake
0 9 5	Beijing correspondent of the Italian "Business News", Mr. [Heath], is a reporter who familiarizes himself with realities, writes diligently, holds fast to objectivity, and is good at thinking. Since the great Wenchuan earthquake occurred in China, Mr. [Heath] has sent numerous reports and comments on the disaster and situations of disaster relief. The following is a summary of a commentary article he recently published. In the face of such a super serious earthquake disaster, China took emergency action within a few hours, and the entire nation was united and mobilized into a race against death in just a few days
0 9 5	At 2:27:59 early this morning, a 5.3 Richter scale earthquake happened near Tamali Township, 12 kilometers southwest of the seismic station in Taitung City. Since the seismic depth was only 10 kilometers, the largest-magnitude earthquake was 5 in Tamali District and 4 in Taitung City. Many people woke up with a start. Parents held their children to hide beside the bed. A lot of people even rushed out of the door. Mrs. Chen who lives in Dawang Village in Tamali Township said that she watched television news that broadcast the news about Sichuan earthquake last night. It was shocking. She thought about what the situation would be if it happened in Taitung. She fell asleep while she was thinking about it. She did not expect that the earth actually trembled in the middle of the night. She immediately thought that she was dreaming. After she collected herself, she quickly ran out to the street with her family. In addition, Mrs. Li who lives in Taitung City said that her child who sleeps soundly in normal days was also awaken by the shake. He asked with vague awareness, "Is the house shaking?
6 9 5	Respect the deceased and console the living. Yesterday (May 19) was the first day of the national day of mourning. The people of Shanghai voluntarily participated in memorial services to find sustenance for their grief. At 2:28 p.m. yesterday, whistles were blown all over the city with alarms. City leaders Yu Zhengsheng, Han Zheng, Liu Yungeng, Feng Guoqing, Yin Yicui and others stood in a three-minute silent tribute with all people of the city to express their profound condolences for compatriot victims in the Wenchuan earthquake that occurred in Sichuan. All places in Shanghai were immersed in grief yesterday. Banners that said "Deepest Condolences to Victims of the Sichuan Wenchuan Earthquake" were found everywhere
5	Later, Wen Jiabao came to the severely hit Deyang City in a car, and paid a visit to the workers who had rushed to deal with the emergency. At noon on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao called for an interim meeting of the Earthquake Relief Command Headquarters of the State Council in Deyang
6 5	After squad leader of an airborne troop force, Ren Tao, whose home was in the hardest-hit Deyang Bajiao Township in Sichuan, heard that his grandmother had died and his mother-in-law had been seriously injured in the earthquate, he quietly hid his grief in the bottom of his heart, picked up the heaviest, hardest, and most dangerous mission of the disaster relief mission, and became one of the 15 warriors who landed in Mao County by parachutes from 4,999 meters high in the sky. Just like Ren Tao, more than 1,500 officers and soldiers of the airborne troop forces whose homes are in the Sichuan disaster area prepared to be involved in the first line of rescuing the wounded, repairing roads, surveying the disaster situation, and dropping materials; this is while facing the grief of their own collapsed homes, and deceased or seriously injured loved ones
5	Turning around, he got back onto the earthquake relief team again. 80% of the houses in the hometown of a deputy commander of a communications regiment, Wang Guoping, had collapsed, and there was no news at all from family members. Wang Guoping couldn't even pause to ask for information on the situation of loved ones, and focused on leading his forces to carry out his mission to protect communications in Shifang
6	80% of the houses in the hometown of a deputy commander of a communications regiment, Wang Guoping, had collapsed, and there was no news at all from family members. Wang Guoping couldn't even pause to ask for information on the situation of loved ones, and focused on leading his forces to carry out his mission to protect communications in Shifang
0	As a disaster is a directive, every second counts for a survivor. Upon receiving the notice, this troop immediately collected the personnel and arranged for equipment and materials. At 4:45 p.m., the rescue squad of 150 members, headed by the leaders of the corps, quickly moved to Nanyuan Airport with 12 search dogs, 2 rescue vehicles, 1 command vehicle and more than 180 instruments and devices for detection, search, and rescue, and joined the leaders of the seismological bureau and other medical teams. At 10:30 pm, they arrived at Taiping Airport in Chengdu. At 12:30 am, the rescue squad drove toward Dujiangyan. Upon arriving at the disaster site, they immediately launched the rescue operation. As of 12:50 a.m on the thirteenth, they had successfully rescued 19 survivors. At 9:10 a.m. on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the State Council, appeared at the disaster site in person and expressed his appreciation to the rescue staff. As a member of the China International Search and Rescue Team, this corps carried out 9 rescue missions in earthquake, tsunami, and avalanche disasters in Algeria, Iran, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Xinjiang and Qinghai provinces
9	Huge crowd of people were in front of the donation sites of all departments and units of the central government organs. There were leading cadres at all levels as well as the vast ordinary cadres; there were over 80-year-old grey-haired elderly who had retired as well as young faces who just started work not long ago. Some comrades who could not make a financial donation at the site due to factors including going on business trips entrusted other comrades to donate money on their behalf;. Some cadres and employees who were not well-off or even very poor also gave money to donate to the disaster areas without hesitation;. A 104-year-old elderly specially entrusted a staff to deliver the contribution;. A cadre who lost his families in the Tangshan earthquake stuffed another 5,000 yuan into the donation box after stuffing 2,000 yuan into it. Some seriously ill patients who had difficulty moving about insisted on coming to the donation sites......Up until 18:00 on the 14th, the central government organs had donated 271 million and the contributions are still continuing. Every donation embodies the deep feeling of the vast cadres and staff toward the people of the disaster areas;. Each donation has a moving story. These donations that embody the deep feeling and love of the vast cadres and staff are converging in the disaster areas
6 5	In a fund-raising activity organized by the General Administration of Sport on May 14, Guo Jingjing contributed 100,000 Yuan in cash, and expressed her condolences with other athletes to people in the disaster areas. Guo Jingjing sent her best wishes to the people of disaster areas in Sichuan, "I hope that the victims are on their way to heaven, and hope the injured who have hope of survival will stick it out even if there was any only a slight chance of survival. I wish the affected people will be able to rebuild their homes as soon as possible." Not long ago, Guo Jingjing participated in the Mexico diving series competition and the Canadian Diving Competition. She has maintained her winning record in both single and double competitions. Then she will also participate in the British series competition. Guo Jingjing hopes to use her own performances to do something for the disaster areas
6 9 5	After the Wenchuan earthquake hit Sichuan, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development immediately activated a water supply contingency plan in order to ensure the safe water supply for the cities and towns of the disaster areas. After the earthquake, this Ministry provided portable water purification equipment as soon as feasibly possible, and spared no effort in providing safe drinking water
0	After the Wenchuan earthquake hit Sichuan, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development immediately activated a water supply contingency plan in order to ensure the safe water supply for the cities and towns of the disaster areas. After the earthquake, this Ministry provided portable water purification equipment as soon as feasibly possible, and spared no effort in providing safe drinking water. Currently, more than 60 sets of such equipment have been sent to the disaster areas. Each set can meet the drinking water needs of between 3,000 and 5,000 people. And various places have been motivated to donate a total of 33 water delivery vehicles. This equipment can effectively filter germs and viruses and ensure the safety of the drinking water, and has played a critical role at the locations where victims gathered. Moreover, the rescue teams from 27 cities have entered the disaster areas at different times to assist in the restoration of various facilities. To ensure the safety of the provisional water supply, this Ministry has focused on the prevention of germs and viruses, and gathered 1.3 million drinking water disinfection pills and 5 sets of water sterilization equipment, usually employed by water supply plants. Meanwhile, water purifiers for a single person or household have been handed out to ensure drinking water safety in outdoors situations. A supply of 3,000 of such devices has been collected, with 750 already delivered for use in the disaster areas
0	The General Hospital of the Chengdu Military Command treated the first wounded victim only 7 minutes after the earthquake, and its medical team was the first to rush to the disaster site of the Juyuan Middle School in Dujiangyan, where more than 3,000 wounded victims have been treated and more than 1,000 operations have been performed in the past 15 days. None of the seriously wounded victims treated by the team have died. Huang Meihua and Ji Lei, two primary school pupils from Yuli Town in Beichuan County, received surgical treatment here
6 0 9 5	On May 19, General Secretary Hu Jintao gave an important directive on arranging for the livelihood of the Hui ethnic people of Qingchuan County in the Guangyuan Prefecture, Sichuan Province and immediately providing the Muslim food urgently needed by Hui ethnics. In their letter of thanks, the Muslim people told General Secretary Hu that the more than 2,000 Hui ethnic victims, including the residents across the township and the refugees from other places, now have access to not only drinking water and lodging but also the Muslim food specially delivered by the government, and "We, with deep affection, thank the CPC Central Committee, General Secretary Hu, the people's government, family-like PLA for their care and love to the minority ethnic people of the disaster areas.
5	Huang He was 15 years old when the Tangshan earthquake happened. Her parents and two younger brothers were all killed. She was hurled out of the house and survived. She was the only person left in the family. Zhang Hong was seven years old. Her parents were killed. She was buried in the ruins for a day and a night and was rescued by the officers and men of the Liberation Army
0	Under the nurture of the Party and the army, they became a soldier and a healthcare worker and were repeatedly named outstanding healthcare workers by their units. After the Wen Chuan earthquake, the disaster situation worried them a lot. They strongly requested to go to the frontline of the disaster areas to take part in the rescue effort. Huang He is about to retire. The leadership did not plan on allowing her to participate in the beginning. However, she went to see the hospital leaders on her own initiative and firmly requested to go to the frontline. Under the situation of feeling sick and being hospitalized for treatment, she injected haemostatic and antibiotics and hid the truth from the doctor. When she received the order to set off, she pulled out the tube and rushed to the disaster areas with the clinic
9 5	Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed. Therefore, parachuting and airlifting rescue must be carried out on a large scale, and reporters must be placed there as soon as possible, provided that spots of airlifting and parachuting are determined first by way of airborne surveillance
9 5	Hiding information is not advisable even if the entire town has been buried alive! Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed
6 9 5	Sometime past 4 o'clock, I read the online news saying that Wenchuan, Sichuan had experienced a large earthquake, Chengdu and Chongqing had felt powerful tremors, and a large area of Sichuan shook
5	Lately, I've been watching live broadcasts every day, on TV and online. There has been gusts of compassion and gusts of enthusiasm. I've been wanting to do something for disaster relief. I met with Zhu Zheqin at noon. She said she didn't even dare to always watch TV, because she would have the urge to fly to disaster-hit areas right away, but she couldn't leave due to the work on hand. She felt so sad that it gave her a stomach pain. She said she had bought clothes worth a million yuan together with friends and donated to disaster-hit areas; she also wanted to buy medications to give away to disaster-hit areas upon hearing that there was a serious shortage of medications there. She called the UNESCO regarding disaster relief. They said don't worry, they've got a list of materials, and they could let her see if there's anything else needed? A friend of Zhu Zheqin's collected a pirated CD and gave it to her, which included selected songs of Zhu Zheqin. When she listened, Zhu Zheqin was suddenly moved by one of the songs. That is "the Child Going Far Away" from Yellow Children, an album before her Sister Drum, which was ten years old. Hearing the song, she thought of the children in the earthquake and didn't sleep well the whole night
5	Elementary schools and middle schools in Japan are the havens for surrounding residents during the time of an earthquake. The construction of the buildings does not feature luxury but great sturdiness. In an earthquake like the one in Sichuan, the school buildings probably would not have collapsed. In Japan, a structural mechanics calculation must be made by an architect before construction of any house, including ordinary people's houses, can start, to ensure it won't collapse during an earthquake of a certain magnitude
