shelter	residents have taken shelter in mosques , schools , local government offices and even in cemeteries after their homes were inundated by up to three meters ( 10 feet ) of dirty brown water .
shelter	major nigel cribb , commanding officer of 59 commando said " the construction of winterised shelters in high altitude villages is a vital task if people who survived the earthquake are now to survive the harsh winter .
food	two c-130 transports left subang yesterday with shipments of fortified biscuits , bound for banda aceh .
utils	furthermore , a 150 kilovolt-ampere generator has been installed in the hospital , and with the icrc supplying 100 litres of fuel every day the facility can meet its own energy needs and is able to provide round-the-clock service .
food	in addition to food shortages , health problems are emerging as people in the flood areas are forced to drink muddy flood waters .
terrorism	last sunday , it was the scene of a bombing in a crowded market carried out by two female suicide attackers , one believed to be aged around 15 .
food	iom facilitated water trucking for unicef and logistically supported the distribution of food and non food items for various ngos and un agencies .
shelter	most of the deaths were caused by the tidal wave which engulfed coastal villages , or by flying debris and falling trees that crushed flimsy bamboo and tin homes -- the best that most people in the country can afford .
food	( a ) due to the persistence of drought and the probable food deficit in the northwest pastoral and southeast pastoral sub-zones caused by abnormal rainfall during karan @/@ karma ( the main rainy season this year ) , the minister of interior launched a joint un agencies and djibouti government mission , following a meeting held on 25 october .
food	the grim news comes not only on the eve of the g8 , but as president obama delivers a keynote speech on food security , alleviating poverty and promoting agricultural development in africa .
shelter	the process of payment of compensation to the affectees has been expedited in order to enable affectees to start construction of their houses in wake of severe cold weather in the area .
food	colocacia and cocoyam are important staple food and income crops for many people primarily in the southwest and northwest regions of cameroon but also in other parts of the country and in neighbouring nations .
food shelter	livestock , crops , rural and urban housing , roads , river and canal embankments , and other infrastructure suffered extensive damage , as vast areas of land were submerged .
utils	over the years , echo has funded the establishment of effective health and water @/@ sanitation services in the camps .
food	ytb is now preparing rice , baby foods , mineral water , and instant noodles to send to affected areas by plane .
shelter	in bantul , which accounted for more than 2,000 of the deaths reported so far and where most buildings were flattened , makeshift plastic tents dotted the roads outside ruined houses as residents combed through the rubble .
utils	oxfam 's health-related supplies include portable toilets , drinking water , medicine , intestinal drugs , first aid supplies , face masks , and sanitary supplies for women .
shelter	khan said some 20 people died when their mud-brick , straw-roofed homes collapsed in the 6.4-magnitude quake , but said they had not had any contact from pakistani authorities or aid groups .
terrorism	a double suicide bombing at a busy marketplace in borno state 's largest city , maiduguri , on 25 november , which killed " dozens " of people , is the latest in a wave of terrorist attacks in the region .
utils	students will study electrical installation and small-scale infrastructure @/@ civil engineering ( " juru bangunan sipil " ) in a three-month training program that began on july 16 .
food	also , most of the ensete plants ( the main dietary staple in welayita ) are immature and not ready for consumption .
shelter	roxas city , capiz , 13 march ( pia6 ) – at least four kinds of japan – based emergency and rehabilitation assistance were received by the municipal government of panay in the aftermath of supertyphoon yolanda in the province .
utils	to prevent campfires and , at the same time , ensure that heating is provided , major distribution of stoves and fire extinguishers has taken place .
utils	gilgit : continuous rains triggering flashfloods and landslides have damaged 42 hydel power stations across the gilgit-baltistan region , disconnecting power supply to 90 per cent of the area , and damaging road infrastructure .
terrorism	the attack comes just a day after boko haram militants gunned down at least 145 people in three borno villages , shooting muslim worshippers during the holy month of ramadan in the bloodiest day of attacks since new president muhammadu buhari came to power .
terrorism	yaound é , cameroon | afp | sunday 7 @/@ 26 @/@ 2015 @-@ 15 : 32 gmt by reinnier kaze a 12-year-old girl suicide bomber killed 20 people in an attack on a bar in maroua in cameroon , while in a crowded market in neighbouring nigeria a " mentally handicapped " female attacker killed 14 .
utils	@-@ the capacity to collect and dispose municipal solid waste was devastated by the disaster , as were most public services .
food	even where crop production prospects remain poor , the food security situation has improved since early april , as crops such as pumpkins and other seasonal crops become available .
food	the world food programme has distributed 141,500 metric tons of rice in 320 townships , through its food-for-work programme , contributing to the rehabilitation of land , irrigation ditches and wells .
food	" in these traditionally food-deficit provinces , the sharp reduction in cereal production in 2000 will be compounded by loss of farmers ' food and seed stocks in household granaries , " the organisation said .
shelter	monsoon rains in pakistan coupled with glacial melting and flash floods have claimed nine lives and affected over 322,000 people in the provinces of punjab , khyber pakhtunkhwa , gilgit baltistan and baluchistan , causing urban flooding in the major cities of lahore , rawalpindi and islamabad .
utils	paris @-@ international rescue teams were rushing to japan sunday after a 8.9-magnitude earthquake and tsunami left more than 1,000 dead , at least 10,000 missing and seriously damaged a nuclear power plant .
shelter	@-@ most critical challenge at this stage is the logistics of delivering winterised shelter material to inaccessible areas .
terrorism	" a man was detained by soldiers driving a car we believed was full of explosives , but when the soldiers told the driver to open the car , he detonated explosives on his body , " said government security official abdi hashi .
evac	people who live in critical areas should be evacuated to a prepared evacuation center and not worried about the safety of their accommodations and properties and leave them to the duties of police officers and volunteers who will take charge in looking after their residence .
shelter	an estimated 20,000 people are in need of emergency shelter and have already spent three nights in the open with pouring rain .
shelter	msf is providing emergency medical supplies and emergency shelter to the people most severely affected by the floods .
food	the assistance community will also focus on monitoring dams and watercourses , which will provide useful information on the impact of the drought on crops .
shelter	pyongyang , august 5 ( kcna ) -- it has been ascertained that torrential rains in july did a great deal of damage to people 's living , railway transport , agriculture and other economic sectors in the democratic people 's republic of korea .
terrorism	that bombing followed a twin attack on a mosque and restaurant in the central city of jos on sunday , which left 44 people dead , and a suicide bomb attack on a church in potiskum that killed five .
food	over 16,000 farmers and herders risk falling into poverty after their crops were washed away , their livestock killed and their pasture land buried under mud and rock .
utils	a nuclear reactor at the cattenom plant shut down because of a fault , placing fresh pressure on the already strained national power grid friday , state energy giant edf said .
shelter	her remarks were made after seeing first-hand encampments in viana where 6,000 displaced angolans , and 6,500 refugees from the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) are living in unventilated tents and mud huts .
shelter	built by the mata amritanandamayi math , the 340 houses will provide permanent shelter to the people of samanthanpettai , five km from here , where the towering sea waves washed away 140 people dec 26 , 2004 .
utils evac food shelter	skillshare international , an ngo that provides vocational training programmes in the camp , is sheltering 400 of the displaced in its classrooms , and unhcr is providing food and trying to establish temporary ablution facilities .
food shelter	over 80 per cent of refugees from nigeria have found shelter in host families in niger , most of them poor and chronically hungry themselves .
food	most districts visited this year were also visited by the fact in 2000 , which allowed wheat production comparisons to be made .
utils	this will be an important component in alleviating serious public health risks due to the disposal of human excreta .
utils	groups have been set up , with staff from various government sectors , to improve sanitation , purify drinking water , and disinfect the houses of cholera victims .
utils food shelter	in mozambique and botswana , efforts remain focused on rescue , and priority needs are for shelter ( tents and blankets ) , food ( basic rations of cereals , pulses , and vegetable oil ) water ( water purification tablets , and units , water bladder tanks , and water collection tanks ) , sanitation ( temporary mobile toilets , insecticide sprays ) , and health .
food	if the belg fails , these farmers are also forced to switch from long-cycle to short-cycle crops planted during the later rains .
food	johannesburg , 6 august 2012 ( irin ) @-@ as global grain prices begin to climb , the sahel countries of west africa , those in the horn , and in central and southern africa @-@ many of which depend mainly on imported cereals to feed their people @-@ are most exposed to the impact of more expensive food , said the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) .
utils	we have also cleaned the sites around the ten water filtration plants , and are raising awareness of good hygiene practices as part of efforts to prevent the spread of disease .
food	humanitarian agencies in the region are experiencing difficulties distributing relief food as most roads have been rendered impassable .
utils shelter	temporary toilets will also be provided , as will temporary shelter ( cadjan sheds @-@ cadjan being a roof covering made out of coconut leaf ) .
food	m é decins sans fronti è res @/@ holland continues providing support to mental health institutions in the country ( 1,500 beneficiaries ) in construction ; distribution of relief goods ( food , medicines , bedding material and crutches ) ; training of health staff ; and supervision of the health status of patients .
food	family consumption habits have changed , and in many cases been reduced to two meals per day .
food	many families have been left unable to afford even one proper meal .
utils	latrine usage is not common in these areas , but the stagnant flood waters make changing habits all the more urgent .
terrorism	about 30 minutes after the first attack , a suicide bomber blew up an explosives-laden four-by-four at the somair uranium mine and processing facility as employees reported for work at the site , which is majority-owned by france 's areva .
food	three-quarters of the funding is aimed at critically food insecure populations that have suffered from prolonged conflict .
terrorism	for your second question , i have been repeatedly and consistently stating that those people who would commit gross violations of international human rights laws and international [ humanitarian ] laws , who would commit crimes against humanity and war crimes , will be held accountable .
shelter	despite the interim measures adopted by the delhi high court on 7 january 2010 requesting the immediate restoration of the homeless shelter and the protection of the displaced families , the municipal corporation of delhi has not yet assisted them .
shelter	shelter : the world health organization reported that of the 58,893 people identified in nine ( of 20 ) localities in the affected areas , 21 % are living in their damaged homes , while 79 % are sheltering in schools , churches , and on the verandas of shops and health posts .
food	at the same time , the yield this year is estimated to drop by some 30-40 percent due to the severe water shortages in the two main producing provinces and to significant aphid attacks ( the latter directly observed by the mission ) .
shelter	the final blow dislodged a dangerous piece of wood from the roof -- one tiny step toward the recovery and rebuilding of this indonesian village , where almost every house was destroyed or damaged in saturday 's powerful quake .
utils	locate and repair damaged pipelines , sewer lines , and water towers to help ensure that clean water is available
food	helicopters food , water , medicines , fuel and firefighting equipment were among the supplies much needed for people affected by the eruption of mount nyiragongo , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said .
food	areas affected by the cyclone still flood twice daily at high tide , which contaminates drinking water and makes farming impossible , leaving families reliant on emergency food and water distribution .
food	the 2002 government-unicef-wfp nutrition survey showed that 42 % of the country 's children below seven years of age are chronically malnourished , 9 % are acutely malnourished and 70,000 are severely malnourished , requiring special hospital care for their survival .
utils	mr. mccarthy agreed that the current cholera outbreak in zimbabwe and throughout the region is but a " manifestation " of substandard health , water and hygiene systems , noting that more than half of all childhood deaths in africa are attributable to diarrhoeal disease .
evac	tens of thousands of residents of goma , a city in the northeast of the drc , who fled their homes for nearby rwanda on thursday as vast areas of the town were set ablaze by lava flows from an erupting volcano , started returning at dawn friday , an afp correspondent in the town reported .
utils	mbackombel ’ s photovoltaic panels are used for much more than providing lighting to its 35 compounds .
utils shelter	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
utils	while president john dramani mahama 's administration has built new roads and facilities around the capital , residents in neighbourhoods hardest-hit by cholera often defecate on nearby beaches and buy from merchants selling food next to overflowing gutters . "
food	in pure desperation , she and the children set out on foot recently , tracking three days across parched terrain and areas of famine and war to come to dust filled dollo ado in search of food and water .
shelter	this is mainly due to the inclusion in the figures of families living in camps adjacent to their homes with tents pitched in their own lands .
food	despite ample evidence that additional food stocks are needed between the months of july and september , typically the monsoon season , in the event of inadequate rainfall , the pakistan people ’ s party ( ppp ) -led sindh government failed to develop and execute contingency plans for the vulnerable residents .
shelter	at another sichuan school , the classrooms stood but dorms collapsed on napping children .
shelter	thousands of families were left homeless after floods that followed a prolonged drought and water rationing in algiers since mid-october .
evac	the gono kalayan trust ( gkt ) , which works to improve the incomes of poor farmers and is supported by christian aid , is helping to evacuate people stranded by the rising waters @-@ even though its own offices have been flooded .
food	care : in hot and arid somalia , foraging for wild vegetables and other supplements will be harder , and it is here that the effects of drought will be most keenly felt .
evac shelter	the area was severely affected by the tsunami and lamno received an enormous influx of internally displaced people ( idp ) coming from the surrounding villages .
utils shelter	they are bringing supplies ( timber , wcs ) to build latrines , and hiring plumbers , masons , carpenters and electricians to set up basic infrastructure in the camps .
shelter	once aftershocks subside , cities that still have standing buildings will check them for soundness , and likely let people back in some .
food	nusrat mai , a woman from the village of basti ghota near multan , told afp from a makeshift camp : " the floods have completely destroyed us , boats came to rescue us . . . we don't have food and we don't have anything . "
food	kenyan assistant minister for finance christopher lomada has called on the government to increase relief food supply to west potok district in northwestern kenya as a result of drought famine .
food	and illnesses , malnutrition , and poverty-related infectious diseases .
utils	" the turbines ( at hydro-power plants ) cannot generate electricity for dushanbe and other parts of the country , " jones explained .
food	in jilib alone , where more than 50,000 hectares of agricultural land ( of which 18,000 hectares were planted with sesame , cowpea , maize and sweet potatoes ) are under water , an estimated 30,000 metric tonnes of maize have been lost to the floods .
food shelter	in addition , the agency is using 78 boats in the limpopo river basin for the search and rescue operation and for ferrying food supplies to the four temporary camps where the rescued are being gathered .
shelter	he urged the people to start reconstructing , at least one room , with corrugated steel sheets as roofing material , till the massive rebuilding operations gets underway .
evac	some 200,000 chechens displaced by russian military air strikes and artillery shelling are seeking safety in nearby ingushetia , daghestan , and north ossetia .
terrorism	" an improvised explosive device went off near a military vehicle , killing two soldiers and wounding three others , " a senior security official told afp .
food	but beyond the immediate medical needs of the stricken population , aid officials agreed that waning supplies of food and clean drinking water would quickly threaten traumatized survivors .
shelter	the result is that in aceh province many prefabricated shelters are now unhealthy , while a large number of survivors continue to live in them .
shelter	two nearby residential houses and a secondary school were destroyed by the explosions , the prime minister said .
evac	" the community must permanently relocate to higher ground to avoid being flooded every time sea levels rise , " he added .
utils	can adequate sanitary facilities be provided to prevent illness among the survivors ?
shelter	maintenance of infrastructure in the shelter communities will include repairing leaky roofs , constructing kitchen extensions , waterproofing wood structures , and improving access roads .
terrorism food shelter	following the attack on ngouboua village by armed militants from nigeria in february , we have been also providing food to the families who lost their homes in the fire , during the attack .
utils	the rehabilitation of the water supply systems was recommended through increasing the number of water taps ; installing taps in emergency and intensive care units ; gynaecology wards and improving and upgrading washing points for patients in hospitals and clinics .
food	( b ) for the month of april 2004 , wfp liberia has planned to distribute food commodities to 756,566 beneficiaries under the various components of its programmes .
food	the emergecy operation that we ’ re launching now will take us through until the next autumn harvest season , and most people will be receiving an average of six months of food , depending on their situation .
food	in sirajganj , unicef is working closely with the world food programme and non-governmental organizations to provide emergency supplies such as high-protein biscuits to communities affected by the emergency .
evac	the teams will return to the valleys tomorrow by helicopter to deliver aid , evacuate wounded people and collect news of families that have lost contact with their loved ones .
utils	i don't know when the electricity will be back on because all the poles and wires have collapsed . '
evac	@-@ terrain lower than 3 metres ( 10 feet ) above sea level may be flooded requiring massive evacuation of residential areas as far inland as 10 km ( 6 miles ) .
food	the resident coordinator expressed gratitude to usaid and dfid for their generous joint pledge of us $ 43 million towards food assistance .
utils	gm has established , for example , weather monitoring systems , preemptive evacuation procedures for people and hard-to-replace equipment , backup supplier networks , and regular emergency drills -- as well as plans to invest in future technologies less vulnerable to the vagaries of the oil market .
utils food	there are inadequate food and water supplies , and the threat of cholera grows each day as a result of unsanitary living conditions .
food	in those areas where rainfall performance has been satisfactory , further rainfall at this time in the season could actually adversely affect cereals as the added moisture in maturing grain would increase fungal diseases .
utils	the quake destroyed or disrupted much of the water systems in the area surrounding the epicenter , with the whole of the zemmouri village remaining without running water , and most of the area around it continuing to lack reliable electricity supply .
utils shelter	medium to long term needs will include reconstruction and rehabilitation of housing , water supply schemes and sanitation facilities .
food	* internally displaced nomads are facing serious food and fodder crisis .
utils	lack of safe drinking water , poor sanitation and unhygienic practices contribute to high child and women mortality rates .
utils	luxembourg will sent power supply , kits medicines , equipment for search and rescue teams , communication equipment , 1 vehicle for sniffing dogs and 1 mini bus
utils	through collaborative effort of unicef , irc , icrc , oxfam , water supply system with sanitary latrines and washing structures has been installed in the camps .
shelter	he said that efforts were under way with several institutions to obtain more tents to provide provisional accommodation in resettlement areas while people build their new homes .
shelter	state administration has mobilized 1953 tents , 50 shamianas , 8 pandals , in addition 4504 tents have been airlifted and 625 tents are to be sent .
food	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
shelter	entire settlements of mud-brick houses are reported to have been swept away , major bridges have collapsed , and some major provincial cities have been totally cut off after road and rail links were severed .
shelter	the next year , the family moved into one of the 35,000 " domiks " @-@ soviet cargo containers or shacks sent to gyumri as temporary shelters .
food shelter	immediate needs for the victims are water , food , hygeine kits and temporary shelter .
food	preparation is under way for blanket feeding programmes , including fortified cereals and micro-nutrient powder for children under five years and supplements or fortified blended food to all pregnant and lactating women .
food	in collaboration with national institutes such as the central research institute for dryland agriculture , icrisat-mssrf is helping the farmers restart groundnut cultivation .
shelter	this includes rehabilitating wells , rebuilding homes , restoring livelihoods , and providing appropriate trauma counseling .
utils	rs . 2,63,931 @/@ @-@ was sanctioned towards waiver of current consumption charges of the ice manufacturing plants in nagapattinam district affected by tsunami .
utils	the power supply has been affected in 4547 villages , 31 towns , while 1800 electricity feeder and 667 electricity distribution transformers has been disrupted .
food	a three-member helen keller nutrition team will work with surfaid carrying out nutrient supplementation for children and mothers , anemia testing and conducting rapid nutritional assessments .
food	as a result the fao has decided to provide 1,500 households each with 100 kg of potato seeds , the main staple food .
food shelter	winter demands that the priorities are reconstruction of homes , health services @-@ particularly treatment of respiratory illnesses @-@ food , clean water and restoration of livelihoods .
evac	unhcr has begun voluntary relocation of some of the refugees residing in the area .
food	during 2002 , in addition to the regular sfp , there will be a mother and child nutrition component to cater for the malnourished pregnant and nursing mothers and pre-school children .
utils	residents claim the flooding was due to poor drainage systems in the area .
utils	a generation later , 80 per cent of its energy needs were met from renewable sources .
utils	in collaboration with oxfam , concern is planning to restore clean drinking water and construct some 600 temporary latrines in the affected villages .
food	2.1 populations in southern afghan provinces may face a difficult summer after having lost almost all their rain-fed wheat crops and up to 80 percent of their livestock due to the lack of precipitation .
shelter	now her family faces the prospect of a winter huddled in a small outhouse kitchen , hoping that her husband sends back money , or aid agencies come to the rescue .
shelter	because the country is so crowded , others find shelter in unexpected places , like abandoned buildings or even cowsheds .
food	( d ) from 21 to 27 august , wfp food assistance was provided to a further 2,700 refugees who were officially repatriated into angola from neighbouring countries through voluntary repatriation convoys organised by unhcr .
evac	earlier reports said nearly 50,000 people were driven from mudflat villages by the flooding as local rivers burst banks while the situation was exacerbated by thunderstorms .
food	soldiers temporarily gave up the grim task of gathering corpses from the streets , while private relief groups halted the distribution of food , blankets , clothing and water to victims of the devastation .
shelter	" severe tidal surges , caused by a combination of unusually high sea levels and tropical depressions , have resulted in flooding that has left an estimated 25,000 to 30,000 people homeless , " mr mccully said .
utils	during a previous cyclone 4 years ago , the area of maroantsetra remained flooded for weeks and since it is a low-lying area the few latrines that exist overflow and contaminate everything else .
utils	causes of death ranged from drowning ( up to 12 people ) , suffocation in landslides ( 2 children , 1 adult ) and electrocution by fallen power lines or lightning ( at least 2 people ) .
utils	* there are also fears of disease from ruined sewage systems and drinking water sources , but health minister mohammad naseer khan told reuters vaccination teams were fanning out to innoculate people against diseases such as cholera and tetanus .
shelter	a nato spokesman said an antonov cargo aircraft would leave for islamabad on october 15 with material for building a camp @-@ including sleeping quarters , kitchens , communication material as well as fork lifts and transport material @-@ in muzaffarabad in pakistani-administered kashmir .
shelter	they are also providing mobile clinic services to smaller evacuation shelters .
shelter	basic household items : the trco and the federation have provided 5,205 families living in prefabricated houses with items such as blankets , quilts , a water boiler , and a radio .
food	what we need in addition to what we have or have ordered is the following : 3,000 more tarps , 1,500 food kits , 5,000 jerry cans ( to hold water ) , 10 2,000-liter water bladders , 10,000 paraffin lamps , charcoal for cooking .
food	wfp rapidly mobilized landing crafts , along with helicopters and light aircrafts operated by unhas , to bring in essential relief items and personnel as well as food to those remote islands .
food	world vision has swung into action in mumbai , providing cooked food and medical care in a number of flood-affected communities around the city .
utils	in the aftermath of this massive earthquake , the situation has worsened seriously regarding gasoline , diesel , heavy oil , and other types of fuel .
utils	on 9 september , iom signed a us $ 500,000 agreement with world vision ( wv ) to fund iom activities to improve vital water and sanitation services for transitional settlements in ampara and kalutara districts .
food	in the short-term , care is providing medicine to combat diarrhea , cholera and other diseases ; hygiene messages instructing villagers on what steps to take to prevent waterborne diseases ; and five tons of food and other basic necessities .
food	under the response , each household is receiving a 50 kg bag of maize and two litres of cooking oil with pregnant mothers as well as those nursing children under the age of two receivingan extra 10kg of super cereal soya .
shelter	some idps have been taken in by host families in safer areas but many others had to set up makeshift camps outside villages or find shelter in the bush in order to flee the violent fighting around the towns .
evac	the french-led offensive continues to battle ongoing insurgent attacks in a nation weakened by a deeply divided military and where hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes .
food shelter	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
food	“ home-grown school feeding succeeds when there is strong commitment from the community .
shelter	in the mountain villages , local residents are living in makeshift shelters of branches or salvaged materials from their destroyed homes .
shelter	more than 20 houses of church members have collapsed , and many people in the area are sleeping outside because of the fear of further collapse .
food shelter	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
food	bueng kan 24 march 2014 ( nnt ) — heavy rain in beueng kan province has helped easing the current drought situation in the province , benefiting vegetable growers .
food	overland corridors : wfp has several logistical hubs in turkmenistan for cargo in transit to northern afghanistan where some three million afghans need food .
terrorism	over the past three months , at least 80 civilians have lost their lives in indiscriminate attacks on public transport and crowded public places .
shelter	families whose houses had been completely destroyed by the floods in january had been living since then in makeshift shelters made out of sticks and thin plastic sheeting , sleeping at night under one of the school porches with just a blanket for protection or in the outhouses of their neighbours which themselves were cramped and leaking .
food	residents of turkana , a region of northern kenya withered by severe drought , recently found respite when an ngo bought off their emaciated livestock and slaughtered them to feed the starving .
shelter	tarpaulin sheets will also be distributed to cover temporary shelters and make them fully waterproofed .
shelter	many people are reported to have died in northern nigeria after water spilled from hydroelectric dams flooded @-@ and in some cases swept away @-@ villages this week , news organisations reported .
terrorism	**network of informants** the national authorities have announced a hotline to report cases of suspected jihadists , as part of a network of informants to watch out for any strangers .
utils	relief operations shifted gears in cyclone-ravaged cuddalore district and puducherry on sunday as traffic resumed on arterial roads and efforts mounted for restoring electricity and supply of essential items even as the death toll increased to 47 .
food	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
evac	relief camps have been set up to house evacuated residents and tourists .
utils	" currently every level of government is working on getting electricity restored , after that transport will resume . "
utils shelter	in addition to the at least 350 dead and uncounted numbers of injured , hundred-year-old trees have been uprooted , powerlines brought down everywhere , billboards collapsed , and houses demolished .
terrorism	along with a peace deal known as the algiers accord , it aims to bring stability to the country , which has seen several tuareg uprisings since the 1960 s and has been a sanctuary for islamist fighters linked to al-qaeda .
shelter	private volunteer groups said scores of flattened villages had yet to be reached because of boulders and landslides blocking roads rising to elevations of 11,000 feet ( 3,333 metres ) .
shelter	a large number of villagers alongwith their cattle have taken shelter on the expressway hence advisory for speed limit of 40 km per hour has to be issued to avoid accidents by the state government .
food shelter	but he feared that if aid for food , clean water , sanitation , shelter , health care and basic household goods was not provided soon enough , there could be a second wave of deaths due to waterborne diseases .
shelter	half of bibi 's tent floor was soaked in rain water , making the plunging temperatures nearly unbearable at night , she said .
shelter	cash and in-kind contributions of tents , quilts and clothing are on their way to the disaster area :
shelter	" this winter killed my three-year-old child as i couldn't fix the holes in my hut and i wasn't able to buy fuel or wood for a bukhari [ heater ] , " he said .
utils	ministry of water and power provision of electrical supplies and vehicles for transport ( particularly critical during the loya jirga ) 22,000 kabul residents will benefit from the installation of 2 transformers , 100,000 will benefit from replacement cables , and the population of kabul will benefit from roaming electrical repairs
food	a feed the future project focused on integrating nutrition into local value chains has partnered with the international institute for tropical agriculture ( iita ) to help address this problem by developing a new and higher-performing soybean variety called “ tikolore , ” which means “ let us harvest ” in the local language .
shelter	the strongest quake to hit the area since 1976 has killed almost 2,000 people and left tens of thousands homeless in the mountainous tibetan plateau in southwest china .
utils	a week later , another thunderstorm flooded already inundated main thoroughfares and underpasses , forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency with no power in most of the city .
food	significant commodity shortfalls ( including cereals , oil and salt ) will begin appearing in late summer .
shelter	torrential rains in the state have left more than 150 people dead , besides rendering some 4,000,00 people shelterless .
evac	far away in new zealand , one person was feared dead and hundreds had been evacuated after rain-swollen rivers flooded a wide area and dozens of small earthquakes contributed to mudslides , officials said on monday .
food shelter	@-@ 162 u.s. military and civilian cargo airlift flights have delivered about 1900 tons of medical supplies , food , shelter material , blankets , and rescue equipment to pakistan .
food	" i want to get out of poverty and my dream is to be a goat and cow herder , " says samya , who is now doing small-scale poultry farming as a way of trying to achieve some ' food security ' .
shelter	as part of its long term repatriation assistance initiative , focus is also providing shelter for afghan returnees , internally displaced people ( idp ) and vulnerable families in the province .
utils	world vision has provided 91 toilets , 104 bathrooms , 15 drilled wells , 6 water tanks , 45 garbage containers and 1 drainage system , benefiting 22,864 internally displaced persons ( idp ) in aceh besar , lhoong , banda aceh , lamno , meulaboh and leupung .
shelter	heavy rainfall combined with a landslide turned the river vere , which flows through tbilisi , into a raging torrent that over the weekend swept away dozens of buildings and cars .
terrorism	niger itself suffered an alleged boko haram attack late on thursday , with two of the country 's soldiers being killed in a militant ambush near its border with nigeria , according to the defence ministry .
evac	blasting or digging of sluices would be carried out to discharge flood for big such lakes after residents were evacuated safely , according to the plan .
utils shelter	this enabled crwrc to continue with rehabilitation and reconstruction phases , and build 2,004 permanent earthquake resistant homes , dig 244 wells to provide access to potable drinking water as old ones were salinated , and provide temporary electricity with generators to 18 villages in addition to its short-term aid .
food	" even in the worst-case scenario , the government , with 60 million tonnes of wheat stocks , has the ability to ensure supplies and control prices , " said ma wenfeng , an analyst with beijing orient agribusiness consult ltd.
utils	“ we need proper toilets in the camp otherwise we will be exposed to a possible outbreak of diseases including chest infections emanating from dust inhalation which is a major problem at the moment , ” says kisco chika , another teacher at the camp .
food	poor deyr season rainfall over large areas of the bakol region had led to extreme crop losses almost everywhere , representing the seventh consecutive poor harvest in the area .
terrorism	but with the united states preparing for possible retaliatory action against the accused saudi-born terrorist leader osama bin laden and the taliban government that gives him asylum , karim 's life has once again taken a turn for the worse .
food	proshika , operating in cox ’ s bazar municipality and 5 other unions , ramu and chokoria , assessment , 5 kg rice , 1,5 kg lentils to 700 families .
utils	chenzhou , a city of about 4 million in the central province of hunan , began its 11 th day without power on tuesday , with people lining up at fire hydrants with buckets to get water .
food	in order to help alleviate the problem of food insecurity , unicef had helped the village build a cereal bank where women could buy or borrow grain a few years ago .
evac shelter	thousands of people have fled to monasteries , schools or other places so that temporary settlements have been created .
shelter	" damp floors and leaking roofs have made many poor homes inhabitable and in many cases houses have collapsed , " said anne grace akwango , actionaid 's program manager .
food	at full development , an additional output of 25,000 tonnes of paddy rice , 24 tonnes of fish , and 73 tonnes of broiler meat is expected .
utils	in the main city , srinagar , plagued by power blackouts , the snowfall has made the electricity situation worse by damaging power transmission lines .
food	earlier in the year , she raised a first batch of broiler chickens as part of a pilot project , to boost rural incomes and food security here at bourate , in rural mauritania .
utils shelter	* in mullativu , unicef provided to dpdhs one 27.5 kva generator for mulullativu town hospital , two tents for use as temporary moh offices , and 25 bicycles for spraying .
food	* first 81 mt wfp food convoy , which had left kiurgan tiube , tajikistan , on 16 february , arrives in rustaq .
shelter	in these neighbourhoods the icrc has begun a winterization programme for 25,000 families , providing assistance to ensure basic shelter and heating .
utils	doctors say that wells and streams in many villages have become polluted because of the poor sanitary conditions .
shelter	mohammad daiem kakar , the head of the national disaster management agency , said the landslide had moved the entire village 20 to 30 metres down the mountainside .
food	early prospects are favorable for 2002 @/@ 03 winter grains , with adequate winter precipitation recharging soil-moisture reserves .
food	although we want to deliver fresh leafy vegetables and fruit , we do not want to waste any vegetables , therefore we are going to deal with the situation until the beginning of autumn , by delivering root vegetables together with some vegetable @/@ fruit juice ( made with agricultural products from miyazaki ) .
food	those were the times of starvation when hunger stricken villagers rummaged around inundated grain storages in hope of finding something to eat .
utils food	the commission said the city is in dire need of food , cereals , medicines and water treatment devices , warning against " a health calamity " due to the destroyed sewerage system .
utils	refugees who have moved to the relocation centers have complained about lack of clean water , toilets and electricity and some have abandoned them in favor of other places such as government buildings and mosques .
utils shelter	auckland , july 5 ( afp ) @-@ the death toll rose on friday as atrocious typhoon weather that has wiped out entire families , made thousands homeless and brought havoc to airlines and electricity grids continued to rage across asia .
evac	@-@ evacuations in india @-@ as the grim search continued , india stepped up the evacuation of thousands of residents from its eastern state of bihar , amid fears the landslide would unleash flash floods downstream across the border , inundating villages .
food	adequate funds for the procurement of food supplies , vegetable seeds and medicines is required to ensure a timely distribution .
food	they have no access to clean or safe water , toilets , habitable shelter or adequate food , which has prompted concerns about a possible increase in cases of malaria , water-borne diseases and malnutrition .
shelter	angola , 22 november 2010 @-@ nearly a thousand bent and broken corrugated metal roofs and three hundred damaged or destroyed mud houses were left in the wake of severe gales and storms that hit cuemba town , angola at the beginning of the rainy season .
food shelter	homeless flood victims urgently need warm clothing , blankets , food , medicine , and insulated tents .
utils	inland transportation and wiring work for 100 units of 10kva generators ceylon electricity board
utils	@-@ construction of one raised platform and five toilets and five hand tube wells in assam ; and
evac	informed sources in contact with dungu told irin today the spla had left the town and two refugee camps in the area had been emptied .
food	1.4 bie : following the recent recommendations made by the nutritionists from wfp , unicef , msf-b and icrc to add 100 g of enriched food products to the rations to correct the niacin deficiency , wfp is carrying out a survey in kuito to assess the acceptability of csb by the beneficiaries .
evac	in other parts of the state , dams overflowed , forcing the evacuation of thousands .
food	the intrusion of sea water due to the tsunami and resulting soil salinity affected a range of crops such as grasses ( important for livestock ) , vegetables , young oil palm , rubber seedlings , rambutan , and mangosteen .
food	" the price of vegetables will further decrease as the weather is getting warmer , " said huang , predicting that because of the losses from the snow havoc , the domestic edible oil price would be on the rise in the future .
shelter	the aircrews , flying out of muzaffarabad and chatterplain airfield to the remote neelum , jelum and allai valleys , have transported more than 9,000 tons of relief supplies since a deadly oct. 8 earthquake left 73,000 people dead and more than 3,000 more homeless , officials said .
food shelter	people are in urgent need of tents , warm clothing , blankets , wood for burning purposes , medicines and canned and dry food .
utils	so much untreated sewage has been pumped into sierra leone 's rivers and coastal waters that much of the water itself is contaminated with the cholera bacteria , unicef said .
shelter	" normally we are out here transporting passengers in and out of afghanistan on a daily basis so it was a different challenge transporting tents and medical supplies , including anti-malarial medicine , to pakistan .
utils	of the 25 sites in total in northern sri lanka , oxfam has been given responsibility to cover all requirements for water and sanitation , garbage disposal , and semipermanent community building for all 12 sites in killinochchi and some of the 13 sites in mullaitivu
food	this political and constitutional crisis sits atop an already extremely vulnerable situation @-@ a volatile mix of climate change , drought , food shortages , migration and immobility , armed insurrection and heavy weapons proliferation that threaten to plunge the country into a state of instability not unlike somalia .
utils shelter	it caused massive power outages across luzon , toppled power lines , uprooted trees and destroyed thousands of homes .
food	people have to drink dirty water , and they become ill with diarrhoea ; then the food they eat passes straight through them and they get little nutritional value .
food	his family have decided they 'll risk going hungry this month because they need to buy soap and a new pair of shoes so his younger sister can walk to school .
shelter	islamabad , 12 october ( irin ) @-@ communities made homeless by saturday 's powerful regional earthquake urgently need shelter and warm clothes as cold winter weather saps the energy of hundreds of thousands forced to camp in the open throughout northern pakistan .
evac shelter	consecutive heavy rains have also wreaked havoc in east china 's zhejiang province , where serious geological disasters have destroyed infrastructure , forcing at least 19,000 residents in 37 counties to evacuate and toppling 1,600 rural houses , according to the zhejiang provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters .
food	plastic rolls , unimix biscuits , unimix , tarpaulins , blankets tarpaulins , bisc .
evac shelter	zucula said the government was working on a long-term plan to permanently resettle refugees from flood-hit areas , many of whom have been forced from their homes several times in recent years due to flooding .
food	operating within the framework of a capacity development agenda , stakeholders will work together in tackling hunger and ensuring food security and at the same time address acute and child malnutrition .
shelter	one taxi driver said hundreds of people were thursday taking shelter around public buildings and on the sides of a main road in jatinegara , east jakarta as their nearby homes were awash .
food	each family received food rations including vegetable seeds , blankets , plastic sheeting , hand tools , clothing and cooking utensils and several watering cans for cultivation .
utils	about 70 percent of china 's rivers and lakes are polluted due to industrial pollution and lack of waste treatment plants .
utils	" health centres that should be there to help people suffering from diarrhoea and infections linked to the water and sanitation conditions cannot function , " yevi magloire , head of medicine and paediatrics in the southeastern department of ou é m é , told irin .
utils	power and communications lines are down , and road access to devastated areas is blocked by debris .
food	in pakistan , where half the population already faced food insecurity , according to the world food programme ( wfp ) , there had been a dramatic and unacceptable rise in the number of people in that condition over the past two years , driven by the economic , food and fuel crises as well as climate change effects .
terrorism	security measures were not the only approach , however , and canada ’ s security and intelligence agencies were working on identifying threats , tracking and squeezing off terrorist financing wherever possible .
utils	the rp calls for rebuilding the health care infrastructure on all levels : reconstructing hospitals and health centers in the towns and health posts in the rural areas , sanitation projects to provide more hygenic latrines and clean water supplies , and educational & vaccination campaigns .
evac shelter	government rescue workers evacuated residents and said they found them shelter in nearby youth centres and in open fields .
shelter	the 8.0-magnitude quake centered on wenchuan county , about 100 km southwest of beichuan , has left more than 69,000 people dead , about 18,000 missing and millions homeless .
food shelter	poorly nourished families are continuing to arrive in relief camps , fleeing the oncoming winter and leaving behind villages damaged by the 7.6 magnitude earthquake .
shelter	most of the displaced are living in temporary camps under tarpaulins , which are not appropriate for families , especially children , who will have to face chilly weather conditions very soon .
utils	" the government wants to do this for sanitary reasons , understandably , but people are upset and crying [ because this is not the custom ] .
utils	assistance with the provision of safe drinking water , drainage of stagnant water and disinfection for spraying of open communal latrines will be undertaken .
food	* delivery of more than 41 tons of therapeutic milk and 1.5 tons of plumpy ' nut ® to treat children with acute severe malnutrition in 31 therapeutic feeding centres operated by unicef partners .
shelter	but shockingly the students found their school had been turned into a refugee center sheltering more than 2,000 people .
shelter	similarly , for the resumption of basic education services to poor and vulnerable primary school age populations , over 6,000 temporary schools have been made functional with basic physical infrastructure ( 20 transitional shelters & 17426 tents ) , learning materials and teachers with the support of unicef .
utils	ensuring safe drinking water and sanitation is always a priority , so the red cross red crescent has worked to rehabilitate 56 water supply systems and installed 3,500 latrines , 305 washrooms and 350 waste bins , directly benefiting 105,000 people in affected areas .
food	rome @-@ the connection between climate and hunger was made abundantly clear this summer when torrential rain lashed pakistan , causing devastating flooding that submerged farmland , obliterated crops and left 10 million people in need of food aid .
utils	before 6 p.m. sunday when supply of electricity was resumed on the chenzhou section of the beijing-guangzhou railway , train service providers were forced to switch to internal-combustion engines for traction when trains reached chenzhou .
shelter	residents had spent the night outside their houses fearing aftershocks .
shelter	around 15 to 20 percent of the city of eight million people , plus large areas in satellite towns , is still under water , officials said .
food	india meanwhile flew in 13 military transport planes loaded with tonnes of food , blankets and other aid .
food	overall the pastoral districts ( turkana , moyale , mandera , wajir , tana river , marsabit , garissa , isiolo , samburu , and kajiado ) are currently experiencing more acute food and water shortages than the marginal agricultural areas .
food	in the maldives , the public health laboratory has been provided with laboratory equipment such as a water purification system and accessories to assist in surveillance and monitoring of chemical and microbiological contaminants in food .
shelter	according to the national disaster management authority 's estimates , at least 1.2 million houses have either been damaged or destroyed by the catastrophic floods in pakistan .
food	it will be implemented in 2013 and 2014 and will provide specialized nutritious foods as treatment for children aged 6-59 months with moderate acute malnutrition ( mam ) as well as malnourished pregnant and lactating women ( plws ) and food support to mothers whose children hospitalized for severe acute malnutrition .
utils	guinea @-@ loan for usd12.2 million to participate in a rural project and improve sewer system services in two provinces .
food	as a result of more than two decades of civil war , however , irrigated farmland and facilities have been neglected , and farming villages have become impoverished .
shelter	we help them by collecting money in the village and by constructing a new house without charge , " tells one of the participants .
utils	the incinerator , proposed by the danish international development agency , would have burned stockpiled obsolete pesticides and other toxic wastes .
utils	the power supply has been affected in 6531 villages , 57 towns , while 2343 electricity feeder and 1166 electricity distribution transformers has been disrupted .
food	the initial cost of this operation , us $ 40.5 million , was revised upwards with the request to donors for an additional 21,308 mt to cover november-december shortfalls , 36,908 mt for january to march requirements and 2,198 mt of high-energy , high-protein foods for supplementary feeding programmes .
utils shelter	our assistance is a stepping stone towards independence by investing in rebuilding the infrastructure including water and sanitation systems , bridges roads , jetties , emergency shelters and schools . "
utils	meanwhile , icrc @/@ pmi engineers continued trucking clean water and installing water tanks and sanitation facilities , where they were most urgently needed .
shelter	" several tented camps of quake-displaced people were flooded after three days ' of continuous rain and we have been providing them with new tents , blankets , hygiene kits and other non-food items , " arshad aziz , field coordinator for the norwegian refugee council 's camp support team , told irin from muzaffarabad .
utils food	dirty water , sick animals used for food and other unhealthy eating conditions are causing health issues in other parts of prey veng too , so mcc ’ s response includes cleaning wells , distributing hygiene kits and training teachers at angkearhdei about hygiene and sanitation practices .
evac	" the reason for the evacuation is that these villages have been recently declared highly hazardous areas by the geological survey of pakistan ( gsp ) and prone to further landslides , " abas explained .
food	food provided to the idps consists of wheat , which the idps grind into flour and bake into bread at a nearby village .
evac shelter	muzaffarabad , 23 june ( irin ) @-@ some 11,000 residents of 30 villages around the city of muzaffarabad , capital of quake-hit pakistani-administered kashmir will be evacuated from their houses by the end of this month after their villages were declared unsafe and prone to further landslides , officials said on friday .
shelter	the continuous aftershocks , such as a 6.7 richter-scale earthquake from the day before , have made it impossible for ani nunisa and her family to reside in a permanent location .
food	the two supplementary feeding centres in maslakh are already providing extra rations for more than 2,000 children every day , and msf which runs one of the centres reports worrying levels of severe malnutrition , despite the existence of a general food distribution .
utils evac	the indian army , which is fighting a two decade-old separatist insurgency in the disputed border state , has been spearheading relief operations by clearing main supply roads , restoring telecommunication links , evacuating residents , establishing relief camps and distributing aid .
food	pre-harvest cereal shortages have been reported in most markets in southern somalia , particularly in rainfed agricultural areas .
evac	about 30,000 people were evacuated in the four states , but many have returned home as floodwaters receded in some areas .
utils	the earthquake , which was felt in neighbouring countries where it prompted similar tsunami alerts , caused windows to break in sumatra 's largest city medan and power outages across the island , including the devastated aceh region .
food	the primary use of the equipment will be for experiments and demonstration of techniques to ensure conservation tillage practices .
evac shelter	up to 5,000 displaced residents from across the region are presently living in a make-shift campground .
terrorism	al-shabab remains a spoiler , with the potential to create terror through suicide bombs and guerrilla attacks .
food	actionaid is working closely with partner organisations on the ground to distribute essential relief items , including dry food , oral rehydration saline , water purifying tablets and clothing to over 30,000 people .
food	note to the editors : over 4 million children are projected to suffer from acute malnutrition this year across the nine countries of the sahel , including nearly 1.1 million children who will face life-threatening severe acute malnutrition .
food shelter	nato flights delivered 3,778 tons of tents , blankets , stoves and food on 170 flights .
utils shelter	thousands more remain homeless and emergency relief teams are hampered in their efforts to provide assistance as many areas remain inaccessible , communication is poor .
food	@-@ establish additional therapeutic feeding centres and train health workers in the management of severe undernutrition .
shelter	pleased and full of admiration to see how quickly people have got back on their feet , rebuilt homes , planted their fields , and yet also saddened to see the wooden frames of locally built houses , standing forlornly with their mud walls now only beginning at eight feet up , just under the thatched roof .
food	distribution of maize and bean seed , sweet potato cuttings and vegetable seed in mulanje and thyolo has now been completed through oxfam 's winter cropping programme .
shelter	he said at least 4,000 mud houses were washed away and that relief workers had been sent to check on 400,000 marooned villagers .
food	the appeal covers relief and rehabilitation programmes designed to restock herds , improve water supply and pastureland irrigation , provide food security through nutrition and agriculture , and ensure health , education , as well as coordination and monitoring .
utils shelter	the un official spent about 40 minutes at the sprawling camp , talking to haggard , ill-fed refugees living under plastic sheets without drinking water , sanitation facilities and defences against biting cold .
utils	a total of 175 villages were hit with many of them without electricity and water supplies as temperatures plunged below freezing .
terrorism	at the same time , he was increasingly concerned about the spread globally of extremist ideologies and terrorist activities , especially in africa .
food	the world food programme aims to improve the nutritional status and household food security by providing vulnerable families with a basket of food items , including rice and wheat , pulses , oil and iodized salt .
shelter	cyclone nargis and its accompanying storm surge flattened towns and villages in the delta , affecting some 2.4 million people and damaging some 790,000 houses , 57 % of which were totally destroyed .
utils	( 4 ) the earthquake and tsunami resulted in emergency situations including failure of the reactor-cooling systems in tepco ( tokyo electric power company ) 's nuclear power stations in fukushima prefecture .
food	usd 4.2 million ) to distribute subsidized wheat and cash compensation to severely affected families .
food	white bean varieties with enhanced drought tolerance are currently undergoing final tests at ciat ’ s headquarters in colombia , before being shipped to eiar early next year .
food	relief flight operations were temporarily halted when the first major winter storm hit the region earlier this month , but resumed immediately afterward , setting a one-day record for food deliveries , officials said .
shelter	" my house is now flooded to my knees , " said one resident , out collecting wood from downed trees that he said he would use for cooking .
shelter	the national committee of disaster reduction , ministry of civil affairs and yunnan 's provincial government have dispatched 9,700 tents , 15,000 quilts , 15,000 clothes and other materials to the quake-hit region .
utils food	the stunting prevention project involves 13 core nutrition interventions including the provision of complementary feeding , the management of acute malnutrition and safe hygiene practices .
shelter	upon arrival at the camp , the refugees will be given food and other supplies including tents , sleeping mats , kerosene lamps , stoves , fuel , blankets and jerry cans .
utils	the minister of energy , ambassador henry o. macauley , in fulfillment of the ministry ’ s commitment and with support of the transition national power authority has installed and commissioned a 315 kva transformer station at the cost of two hundred and eleven million , five hundred thousand leones ( le 211,500,000 ) .
utils	" students are learning the importance of hand washing , regular water drinking , and proper use of toilet facilities . "
shelter	this includes a cash-for-work program that is employing more than 4,600 people salvaging materials such as lumber and corrugated roofing to use in constructing 6,000 shelters , more than half of which are underway .
food	the severe drought parching east africa has left 10 million facing hunger and the scope of one of the world 's worst unfolding humanitarian disasters conjured up memories of ethiopia 's devastating 1984 famine .
shelter	in addition to these supplies , 400 shelter kits containing eight cgi sheets and various tools were transported to muzaffarabad on monday and 500 shelter kits will be sent today to bagh .
utils	a drainage system and septic tank are being constructed for the juba teaching hospital ( jth ) and the water supply is being improved .
utils	@-@ $ 1,035,396 from the u.s. agency for international development office of foreign disaster assistance ( usaid @/@ ofda ) to provide an estimated 40,000 displaced and crisis affected persons with an adequate quantity and quality of water and improved sanitation facilities in banda aceh , indonesia .
food	the office of the united nations resident coordinator in madagascar reports that the government has supplied 10 tonnes of rice , 120 packs of high proteine biscuits , 100 blankets , 40 tents and 600 jerry cans ( 5 liters each ) to the affected areas .
food	a combination of kenya 's growing structural deficit , a reduction in the area planted by farmers in the past two seasons , and three consecutive failed rainy seasons , have resulted in the 1996 @/@ 97 harvest falling an estimated 770,000 tons short of national requirements .
food	the planting season started well with good early rains but the return of dry conditions in april , especially in southeastern parts of the country , dampened earlier hopes for bumper crops .
food	@-@ people are mostly engaged in agriculture growing crops like maize , rajma and aloo .
food	services to be provided include : water supply ; material aid and psycho-social support to families , including nutrient enriched porridge for children and the elderly ; temporary learning and recreational centers for children .
utils	since that time , the united states has repaired 14 health clinics , one sewage treatment plant and 93,000 meters of sewage systems .
shelter	downpours and whirlwinds swept over binh dai district of the southern province of ben tre on may 4 , damaging tens of houses and injuring 28 people .
utils	unicef is also supplying 24,300 hand washing stations , enough for three in every school , as well as cleaning equipment to prepare school buildings .
terrorism	against this backdrop , he said the recent terrorist attacks had led to five civilian deaths in the capital , bamako , and to the attack against a barracks belonging to the un multidimensional integrated stabilization mission ( minusma ) in kidal that killed two malian children and a chadian peacekeeper , and injured 11 peacekeepers and three civilians .
food	" i am suffering because i see them eating wild foods .
shelter	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ as prayer meetings and candle-light vigils were held wednesday to mourn the victims of the devastating december 26 tsunami in india , thousands of survivors were still waiting for the permanent shelters promised by the government .
food	**serious situation** this southern district of malawi has some of the poorest communities in the country , mostly existing on subsistence agriculture , and often suffering food insecurity and poor diets .
shelter	but according to the who , the incidence of aris is a particular source of concern , with the onset of winter and so many people living outdoors .
utils	community infrastructure projects have reached roughly 1.5 million households with efforts ranging from safe water to irrigation , roads , flood protection and micro hydroelectricity projects .
utils shelter	" we cover site planning and camp management -- to ensure there 's enough space between tents , and that latrines are not too close to the tents or water points , to avoid contamination . "
utils	emergency goods , portable toilet-shower boxes , valued at 18 million jpy were locally procured by jica .
food	the overall nutritional situation improved compared to the previous months due to increased trade and continuous airdrops .
food	the report also warns that if the clan fighting extends to sorghum-producing areas in the south during this critical stage of crop harvest , it could further hamper harvesting and exert a negative impact on food security throughout somalia .
shelter	" last winter we saw winterized tents collapsing in heavy snow , but this year we are giving out corrugated galvanized iron sheets which are more durable than the tents , " he adds .
utils	@-@ the surface water is controlled and its flow is deviated away from the wastewater treatment plant .
utils shelter	the overall situation is accompanied with limited camping space , poor hygiene practices , inadequate sanitation facilities and inadequate safe water for drinking .
utils	an integrated community-based water @/@ sanitation programme minimizing the effects of both slow and sudden onset disasters was successfully implemented in two provinces with 8,500 dry composting toilets constructed in guangxi province and 5,000 toilets in hunan province .
utils shelter	in faizabad and kunduz , in idp camps and host communities , who sponsored water and sanitation projects have provided safe water supply , latrines and bathhouses .
food	in ethiopia , killer diseases threaten a population weakened by lack of food ; there are few doctors ( 4 per 100,000 people @-@ undp 1999 ) and most of the households studied cannot afford to pay for healthcare .
food	@-@ a total of 440,928 halal meals were delivered to civilian and military officials in pakistan within 36 hours of the initial flooding via u.s. air force airlift , a contribution of about $ 3.7 million dollars .
food	in rajasthan cereal and oilseed production are expected to fall by 23 percent and 17 per cent respectively , whilst 26 of the total 32 districts are reported to be facing shortages of drinking water and food , as well as feed for cattle .
utils	air force c-17 s and c-130 s delivered 19 generators to misawa air base for the base 's power system and resupply pallets to yokota air base .
evac	" hundreds of people have been evacuated , most of them from the masirah island , " an oman civil defence department spokesman said , adding that some of the evacuees had been taken to muscat .
food	the quality of the soil on the swales is improved by planting nitrogen-fixing plants such as beans , while the soil is watered and covered with mulch to prevent evaporation , thus remaining fertile .
utils	a joint assessment undertaken on four islands located in the southern part of the maldives chain on 6 january indicated that most affected households have saline and @/@ or sewerage contaminated rainwater tanks .
food	the agency , together with feed the children and islamic relief , will now focus its activities on a massive bakery project ; this will provide freshly baked fortified bread rations on a daily basis to each idp living in the maslakh camp .
shelter	an urgent need for continuous relief assistance remains in the 118 unplanned camps below the snowline that have sprung up in the earthquake-affected areas .
utils evac	the country 's worst post-world war ii disaster was compounded by reactor meltdowns at the fukushima nuclear power plant , which sent tens of thousands of people fleeing from radiation .
food	“ we cannot but bring in the community seed producers if we want more farmers to have access and adopt drought tolerant maize , ” said the acting director general , nigeria seed council , dr olatokun olusegun .
evac shelter	heryawan said the excavation would be only a short-term solution to deal with the floods , which affect hundreds of houses and public facilities in east and south bandung each year .
shelter	over 2 million quake survivors were left with no option but to live in flimsy tents in officially organised relief camps or crude shelters patched together from ruined homes .
food	the vice premier also urged local governments to help farmers restart farming production in disaster-ravaged areas to minimize the damage to crop growth and harvest .
food	this threatens a collapse in the local distribution of food before winter closes in , and consequently the likelihood of widespread starvation .
shelter	the cluster 's procurement pipeline which includes more than 114,500 tents and 521,500 plastic sheets , will assist a further 375,500 families in coming days .
food	“ amongst the 101 severely malnourished children we detected during the course of january , 47 were refugees , ” noted dr. boubay .
evac	a series of powerful aftershocks rattled nerves after sunday 's 6.8-magnitude quake , which sent terrified people running from homes and hotels in the country 's second-biggest city of mandalay and surrounding villages .
food	the flood victims will be provided with rice , oil , household utensils and cash assistance .
utils	with its emergency resources stretched to the limit and blocked roads and broken power lines hindering relief efforts , the indonesian government pleaded for foreign help in the form of specialised rescue workers , equipment and medics .
shelter	cws is providing cws kits and blankets to local partners as needed and is joining houma , la. -based terrebonne readiness assistance coalition , trac , in building a community of 25 " lift houses , " houses built for economy and ecology , and to withstand hurricane-force winds--a sustainable housing solution for coastal areas .
food	levels of chronic malnutrition and anaemia continue to worsen .
utils	however , politicians have criticized the municipal dhaka city corporation for clogged sewers and poor mosquito control , prompting the mayor to announce a massive city cleanliness and awareness raising campaign on 3 october .
food	the catholic church , through caritas namibia , is distributing to every single household one kilogramme of speckled beans , a kilogramme of kidney beans , two kilogrammes of parboiled rice and 750 milliliters of cooking oil .
utils food	he said there was urgent need for planting materials , food , household items , and construction materials for fixing classrooms , latrines and roads .
utils	in it , they proposed a series of climate-change solutions , including floating schools and gardens in flood plains , drip irrigation in drought-prone areas , and expanded solar and wind power .
evac	floods and landslides triggered by the summer deluge have caused the evacuations of more than 800,000 people , state-run television said .
evac	i had thought the entire village evacuated , but when we reached the high ground , about 20 to 30 people were missing .
food	the outbreak in orissa has been caused by drinking polluted water and eating contaminated meat , they added .
food	as outlined by president obama 's feed the future initiative , usaid administrator rajiv shah emphasized the u.s. government 's priority to reduce food insecurity through strategic investments .
evac food	some 0.5 mt of food has already been delivered on 31 october by helicopter on the evacuation mission to the area .
utils	to prevent acute diarrhea and other digestive diseases , vietnam is maintaining such measures as monitoring food safety , ensuring environmental hygiene , supplying sufficient clean water to residents , and raising public awareness on the diseases , especially in flood-hit localities .
shelter	habitat launch fundraising appeals for both disasters .
utils	landslides , power failures and fallen mobile phone towers further caused the affected areas to cut off from the outside world and limited information about the damage .
shelter	in bhuj , people have been advised to sleep outside their homes , to avoid being crushed in further building collapses .
food	with widespread crop failure and food price hikes , the situation will become extremely serious unless emergency measures are put in place immediately . "
food	the un food aid agency has started airlifting high-energy biscuits to emergency depots in pakistan , iran and turkmenistan , and augmenting other food supplies in these countries and tajikistan .
food	until water levels fully recede and infrastructure can be repaired , wfp will have to depend on helicopters and boats to get food to the reception sites .
shelter	pakistan : heavy rains destroy capital slum dwellings
shelter	“ that ’ s why , over the last three months , our partners have been working around the clock to support communities that are likely to be cut off , making sure they have shelter during the monsoon , as well as hygiene kits containing soap and water purification tablets , which are crucial for preventing the spread of disease .
shelter	eleven people died and over 2,000 were left homeless when a series of moderate quakes rocked another area near gilgit .
utils	doctors say that wells and streams in many villages have become polluted because of the poor sanitary conditions .
utils	she said the agency feared that there will outbreaks of dysentery , diarrhoea , malaria , and bilharzia , in an area where children have been swimming in the floodwaters amidst human and animal waste .
utils	also the electricity supply to kandahar and lashkergah could be affected , resulting in several social and economic consequences .
food	* on january 5 , mercy corps continued distribution of rice and other nutritious foods to over 91,000 displaced persons in aceh besar .
food shelter	food for the hungry has already been distributing clean water and critically needed items including food , shelter and clothing through its many partners including eficor ( evangelical fellowship of india 's commission on relief ) .
food	the local authorities are providing cooked food until a communal kitchen can be built .
food	the appeal concentrates on priorities for international assistance in emergency management , rural water supply , food relief , health and nutrition , and agriculture .
food	for fy ' 03 , we intend to build on these programs , improve local business environments , train farmers , government and business leaders , and continue our highly successful microenterprise programs .
food	following the example of the wfp and msfb , develop specific programs for the zones that are still having trouble handling their pre-harvest lean period .
utils	care has also helped to build a fresh water canal that flushes the fields destroyed by salt water with water from the river based on the community approach .
shelter	yangon , jul 08 , 2008 ( xinhua via comtex news network ) -- the myanmar authorities are making arrangement to resettle 7,000 cyclone victims out of the remaining 10,000 temporarily accommodated in three relief camps in laputta , one of the hardest-hit townships in the ayayawaddy delta region , according to local the journal newsweek wednesday .
food	health officials fear disease could spread because people are beginning to eat anything they can get their hands on , such as contaminated meat .
utils	project outputs : to rehabilitate eight primary schools , including classrooms , teacher housing and bathroom facilities , to government standards .
food	" all my food grain for the year has been washed away , " said an 80-year-old widow named revathi .
shelter	according to the indonesian state news agency , 1,000 troops have been dispatched to the region along with heavy equipment to help with the rescue effort , and a military plane carried food blankets tents and rubber boats to the area yesterday .
food	it 's been the harshest winter in living memory for tajikistan , leaving hundreds of thousands of people bitterly cold and hungry .
utils	the floods severed communications across large areas of the country , which is roughly the size of france .
evac food shelter	about 100 families in kandrori area were evacuated and provided temporary shelter and food as gushing flood waters ravaged the villages after release of 60,000 cusecs of water from maharana pratap sagar reservoir ( pong dam ) .
shelter	last year , monsoon rains triggered floods that killed at least 300 people and destroyed more than 1.5 million homes in pakistan 's southern sindh province and neighboring baluchistan province .
shelter	samangan province was hardest hit with several fatalities , many injuries and significant damage to houses and public buildings .
utils shelter	in a field in jallouzai , just inside pakistan , 80,000 afghans are jammed in without proper shelter , sanitation or water .
food	the situation is particularly worrying in the lowlands of eastern and western haraghe where the poor distribution of belg rains earlier in the year delayed planting of long-cycle sorghum and maize by up to two months .
shelter	weeks of torrential flooding and cyclones have claimed many lives and left hundreds of thousands homeless and without access to the most basic needs .
food	through cash-for-work programs in areas affected by temporary acute food insecurity , about 15,000 people will receive approximately 60 days of temporary work annually , for a total of 60,000 people over five years .
food	the cumulative effect of consecutive droughts since 1998 has destroyed crop production and depleted water sources , devastating the more than 80 % of the ethiopian population which depends on agriculture as their main source of livelihood .
shelter	several reservoirs overflowed causing extensive flooding of downstream villages with over 8,000 homes reportedly damaged or destroyed .
shelter	the agency said the most urgent needs were reconstruction of houses , road repairs and the rehabilitation of rice fields .
food	( b ) local food production factories in the country reported a record high production of 6,000 tons of enriched blended food in may .
shelter	the quakes flattened hundreds of houses , cracked more than 1,000 roads and triggered 11 fires , police and municipal officials said .
shelter	in some areas , whole villages were covered in mudslides , officials said .
terrorism	in september 2001 , the country was thrust into the world-media spotlight , after saudi dissident osama bin laden was accused of masterminding what was called the world 's worst terrorist attack on america .
utils	protection issues to be covered include the construction of toilets and bathing places , and prevention against gender based violence .
food	low-income population groups are anticipated to bear the heaviest burden , because their daily energy intake depends more on cereal-based products and the share of food in their total expenditures is high , the report says .
food	ifrc states in its situation report that , apart from ongoing projects in the region , the pngrcs is launching an international appeal , " people helping people " , to raise donations of non-perishable foodstuffs .
food shelter	the lack of nutritious food and proper shelter combine to lower patients ' resistance , making them more susceptible to serious illnesses .
shelter	their oceanfront homes washed away , they had no choice but to move under rock ledges and caves .
shelter	millions across south asia are struggling to rebuild their homes as receding floodwaters reveal the massive devastation caused by heavy monsoon flooding , some of the worst in years .
food	already there are reports that the cost of items like fish paste , oil , rice and eggs have doubled and in some areas tripled .
shelter	with 70 % of the houses severely damaged in the october 8 earthquake , hundreds of affected people in uri sector of kashmir , are seeking shelter under thin polythene sheets and makeshift tents .
utils	@-@ appropriate faecal disposal ( i.e. latrines or composting )
utils	other towns and villages in the state are also battling power outages and other hardships .
utils	in the immediate term the state has requested that unicef support its efforts by supplying diesel generator sets to power water pumps , community water storage tanks , diesel-driven centrifugal pump sets , and related equipment .
utils	the suffocating humidity and lack of clean water and electricity have been making life miserable for tens of thousands of people since cyclone yemyin swept through the region on 26 june .
shelter	the rented accommodation her family were staying in collapsed in the quake , killing a child of a relative .
evac	thanks to a well coordination between the vietnamese government and neighbor countries all the offshore fishing boats safely evacuated and no fisherman died of the typhoon .
food	farmers have also experimented with cultivating rice in the some of the flood plains , or oshanas , found in the midst of the arid land , which remain flush with water for most of the year .
utils	for example , 2,300 rain water harvesting tanks will be built and several pilot projects for the construction of decentralized sewage plants will be carried out .
food	land and marine ecosystem degradation , heat stress , soil erosion , salinization and nutrient depletion , the spread of plant pests and diseases , more frequent forest fires , droughts and flooding pose an acute and serious risk to food production .
utils	in guizhou , guangdong 's shaoguan and guangxi 's guilin , rural power grids were almost completely destroyed .
utils shelter	unicef is also upgrading solid waste management systems in seven rural schools that currently serve as shelters .
evac	officials in orissa said 873,000 people moved before the cyclone made landfall on saturday evening , while at least another 100,000 were evacuated in andhra pradesh .
food	addis ababa , 11 june ( irin ) @-@ women and children have been forced to eat grass to survive in a remote , flood-hit area of southern ethiopia , the international committee of the red cross ( icrc ) said on monday .
food	these include projects to : enable chad 's water network to support the seasonal movement of shepherds and livestock , encourage small-scale water resources management to increase yields in bangladesh and strengthen water harvesting and soil conservation measures in lebanon .
utils	with the massive floods triggered by an undersea earthquake last sunday destroying roads , bridges , telecommunication networks and almost all other basic infrastructure , distributing the aid once it arrives is proving problematic .
food	one woman in the village of kogori , when asked what she and her family would eat , showed the leaves from a wild plant .
utils	can adequate sanitary facilities be provided to prevent illness among the survivors ?
utils shelter	preliminary results of the assessment being carried out by the international federation , japanese red cross and the taiwan red cross organisation indicate the acute need for tents and sleeping bags for the homeless , electric generators and flashlights .
utils	as part of efforts to prevent disease outbreak , we have started awareness campaigns to encourage refugees to wash their hands , boil water and drink only safe water .
food	background this allocation comes in addition to already foreseen or ongoing funding in the food security sector in the region worth € 208 million , bringing the total eu contribution for development assistance to around € 373 million ( for 2007-2013 ) .
shelter	the village chief in lhok kruet wants to know when he can move his people out of leaking tents and rickety wooden shacks to a place beyond the reach of waves , real or imaginary .
utils	risk of outbreaks is particularly acute in ampara and kalmunai , due to inadequate sanitation facilities ( 1,000 people reportedly have access to just three latrines ) .
utils	the grants have rebuilt libraries , wells , waste management systems and marketplaces .
shelter	2005 @-@ a 7.6 magnitude earthquake kills more than 73,000 people and leaves up to 3.5 million homeless in pakistan 's kashmir province and khyber pakhtunkhwa province .
utils	we will provide the new loans to meet the needs of the disaster-stricken areas including the reconstruction of roads , sewer systems and other infrastructure , " said yoshihiro iwasaki , director of adb 's programs department ( west ) .
utils	ten metres away lies a fetid rubbish dump and seven latrines reeking of human excrement .
evac	bangkok 27 october 2011 – unicef is providing 20,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets to help protect families evacuated to temporary shelters and living in other flood-ravaged areas in thailand from dengue fever and other mosquito-borne diseases .
shelter	in both yangtze provinces the delegate was able to talk to flood victims who survived the winter in makeshift shelters .
utils	to construct a new sewerage treatment plant , construct @/@ rehabilitate six pumping stations , install sewerage pipelines , and rehabilitate existing networks in three of the most populated towns on mahe , seychelles ’ largest island and home to some 14,000 people .
terrorism	this was the first boko haram raid in a few days , although an explosion outside a bus station in the northeastern city of gombe on thursday that killed 10 people was blamed on the islamists ‎ .
food	according to the preliminary information collected by aert , the affected people are in most need of food , potable water and other daily commodities .
shelter	furthermore , teams have distributed thousands of blankets and tents and more than 100 stoves in recent weeks in an effort to combat the frigid temperatures .
food shelter	khaw mhu , myanmar , may 29 ( reuters ) @-@ myanmar 's junta is evicting dozens of destitute families from one of its own cyclone refugee centres , giving each one just four bamboo poles , a tarpaulin and an unlikely promise of a monthly ration of rice .
food	the mining crisis , grain shortage and the political impasse resulting from the conduct of a recent presidential election , which the opposition alleges was rigged , were among issues president levy mwanawasa had hoped to see resolved at a bridge-building meeting he called for monday 28 january at the national assembly .
utils shelter	new delhi , aug 18 ( reuters ) @-@ the onset of monsoon rains in sri lanka is raising fears for the safety of thousands of war-displaced tamils after rain flooded camps , ruined shelters and caused sewage to overflow , aid workers said on tuesday .
food	harvest prospects for rainfed crops are bleak and the small tracts of land under crops in depressions ( bas fonds ) rule out any hopes for a sufficient harvest before the next rainy season .
food	imc doctor based in leksula returned this week from conducting their mobile clinic programme in the mountain areas where it was found that 20 % of the population in nine villages suffered from malnutrition and 2 children suffered from marasmus ( severe malnutrition ) .
shelter	" people are already living in temporary camps , or camping on areas of high ground , and if the rain continues , then not only will more villages be cut off and people marooned , but it will be increasingly difficult to get a full scale relief operation underway . "
food	they comforted patients at township people 's hospital ( myebon ) and presented foodstuff and cash assistance .
utils	iridium , a long-standing member of itu , has been assisting itu with emergency telecommunication since 2007 , when the first iridium hand-held mobile satellite phones and solar batteries were donated to the union .
utils	in pakistan the worst-affected area has been mashkail , in baluchistan , where the lack of paved roads , electricity , mobile phone coverage and medical facilities have hampered the rescue effort .
food	in the second distribution , 40 kgs of wheat or barley seeds were distributed to each household instead of 62.5 kgs @-@ the amount needed for 0.5 hectare .
shelter	those who get the barracks will be chosen because they either lost everything or live in squalid camps .
utils	some of the trees fell onto electricity cables , causing temporary blackouts across yogyakarta municipality and bantul regency .
evac shelter	he added that evacuees who had been recommended to remain at shelter despite a drop in volcanic activities hailed from suka meriah , bekerah , simacem , gurukinayan , kutatonggal , berastepu , gamber and sibintun hamlets .
shelter	sirajganj , bangladesh ─ when the rain-swollen jamuna river breached its banks and inundated sirajganj town 4 years ago , the streets were under knee-deep water , forcing shutdowns of businesses and schools .
food	" these people will face starvation unless relief is provided rapidly , " says roger bracke , operations manager at the federation .
utils	vital installations , telephone lines , educational institutions and other electricity substations are badly damaged .
food	* assisting farmers with cattle breeding , fodder crop production , and integrated dairy development activities and poultry production activities involving 2,500 women .
utils shelter	oxfam has to date constructed 180 temporary shelters in the cuddalore district , with 31 bathing units , 5 latrines and 9 hand pumps completed for the same area .
shelter	balochistan , pakistan , 23 july , 2007 @-@ when cyclone yemyin tore into northern balochistan one month ago , it took only a short period of time before the village of kuch valari was completely submerged under raging torrents of muddy waters .
food shelter	a gust of wind blew away roofs of several poultry farms and thatched houses .
food	world vision has worked in myanmar for some 40 years and currently assists children and families across the country through food assistance , agriculture , health , clean water , education , income generation , anti-trafficking and nutritional assistance programs .
shelter	five-year-old musavir manzoor had a miraculous escape when his house collapsed in the neighbouring village of paran pela .
evac	the eruption remained in the stage 3 category , which usually involves voluntary evacuations , but vulcanologists said the chance of a major explosive eruption remained high .
utils	ifrc has also purchased portable solar radios , 5,000 of which are being handed out to people in guinea who live in isolated communities without access to radio programming .
food	the world bank estimates that about $ 10 billion ( u.s. dollars ) per year would provide 13 proven interventions in the most vulnerable countries , from food fortification to targeted supplements for the most vulnerable .
evac food shelter	kenya red cross society ? s assessment indicates the need for evacuation and resettlement of people , provision of tents to 3,157 households affected , relief food , river bank protection to avoid more water over flow , reconstruction of the main bridge connecting lokori to morulem and other centers .
utils food shelter	some 400,000 people are now living in makeshift shelters or evacuation centers , the new york times reported , and compounding the problem is windy and bitterly cold weather , as well as shortages of water , food and fuel , the times reported .
shelter	on wednesday 17 october the team worked with the fire service to erect tents at the abadan goungou camp .
shelter	the degree of damage can be observed from cut off of electricity in several areas , impassable roads due to landslides , 810 houses were washed by flash floods , 3,687 houses were severely damaged , 2,723 houses with minor damage , damaged public buildings and shortage of potable water .
utils shelter	as people began to make a slow transition from tents and big public buildings to other temporary shelters , inform worked to ensure that these new shelters provided access to electricity , water , and sewage and garbage disposal , and that children could start returning to school .
shelter	children and families are taking refuge in relief centres and temporary camps .
evac shelter	in the context of providing assistance to people living in emergency evacuation areas and people rebuilding their homes , in addition to the role of the government , volunteers from the community will also have an extremely important part to play .
food	" this would represent a drop in output of about 8 percent compared to the relatively good 1997 harvest , largely on account of reduced planting in many countries as a result of the drought warning and irregular rains . "
utils shelter	its areas of focus include housing design and construction , institutional construction management , village planning , natural hazard mitigation , water supply and sanitation , and improved indoor living conditions for the most disadvantaged members of society .
utils	the western division is still flooded and the central division is also suffering from the electricity blackout and floods .
food	the fragile rice paddies that have disappeared will not be rehabilitated for at least two or three years ; in the interim , villagers will be growing vegetables for their survival .
food	* special arrangements are being made for the procurement of food grains , medicines , cattle fodder , water purifying tablets , ors , boats and vehicles .
food	oussoro @/@ bahr-el-ghazal , 26 june 2012 ( irin ) @-@ in the outskirts of moussoro , the main town in the western chad region of bahr-el-ghazal , mothers line up with their babies in the sweltering heat waiting to be screened for malnutrition .
food	the world food programme has already pre-positioned around 350,000 tons of mixed foods in five locations around the country for rapid deployment to the most vulnerable families .
utils	the emergency telecommunications cluster ( etc ) has continued to install telecommunication equipment to support the humanitarian response in flood-affected locations .
food	( a ) wfp has completed its first distribution of food to families that suffered crop losses due to the drought .
food	for days hundreds of thousands of flood victims have been stranded without food and water , awaiting rescue .
shelter	around 15,000 people fled their homes on manam island off png 's north coast after a series of volcanic explosions in late 2004 .
utils shelter	" itu will do its utmost to provide assistance to people in the disaster-affected areas by re-establishing telecommunication links which will be vital in the rescue and rehabilitation efforts in the days ahead . "
utils	“ where there is no provision of electricity , solar submersible pumps will be installed to provide clean drinking water to the people and the livestock , ” says the report .
food	district 7020 is collecting funds to purchase the following goods locally : batteries , drinking water , charcoal , rice , cooking oil , sugar , cream , propane stoves & canisters , canned goods , bread , fruit , cereal , flour , baby food , diapers , and generators .
evac	the quake kills almost 1,000 people on nias island and warnings of a possible tsunami sparks panic and mass flight in coastal regions .
food	johannesburg , 25 april ( irin ) @-@ the world food programme ( wfp ) has warned that harsh weather conditions , economic and political instability and hiv @/@ aids could see the 2.6 million people it is currently struggling to feed in southern africa double when regional assessments are completed in may .
shelter	it will take up to three weeks to establish wooden barracks to house the homeless residents for up to one year .
food shelter	100,500 housing units collapsed , 37,900 housing units were damaged , 1.1 million ha of crops were affected , of which 88,100 ha lost all harvest .
shelter	the fresh flooding in jaffarabad aggravated the misery of thousands of displaced people from sindh and balochistan who could not reach safe places and had taken refuge near pat feeder canal and other high places .
food	years of recurrent drought and a 2004 locust invasion contributed to food shortages across the sahel last year .
utils	but due to lack of installed hydro-electric power stations , the country is dependent on its neighbors for electricity during the winter .
shelter	they 're making an economic calculation @-@ no one likes having their homes flooded every few years .
food	the food security situation in somali region could deteriorate with reports that the deyr rains ( main rainy season ) have failed in large areas of the seven receiving zones of degehabur , korahe , warder , gode , afder , liben and fik .
food	zongon-bekkel , niger , aug 10 ( afp ) @-@ the free food aid promised by humanitarian organisations for weeks had finally arrived and the news spread like wild fire between nomadic villages in famine-threatened southern niger .
utils shelter	storms led to the collapse of electricity poles and of power lines , with widespread damage to houses , and a local military installation ( who , wfp , unicef ) .
shelter	eight people died in liaoning province in the northwest after flash floods from downpours burst dams and destroyed houses in rivers running through huludao city , xinhua reported .
food shelter	the national society is taking emergency steps to overcome the scarcity of food as the locals hadslau ghtered their sheep and cattle to survive the harsh winter ; their houses have been destroyed as a result of overflowing reservoirs and burst dams .
shelter	thanks to your generous donations and funds from cida , tearfund , and the mennonite central committee , crwrc continues to walk alongside these communities restoring livelihoods and rebuilding homes .
shelter	the government has started to demarcate and allocate plots in some areas , but over 230,000 people are still in camps , awaiting resettlement .
utils	rains have also damaged electric wires , cutting the power supply in several parts of the city .
utils	in addition to providing latrines and washing facilities in transit camps , the icrc has cleaned and chlorinated wells , installed water tanks at several welfare centres , built latrines and upgraded existing sanitation facilities in cooperation with local authorities in mullaittivu , kilinochchi , trincomalee and batticaloa .
shelter	the floodwaters inundated two-thirds of dhaka , a city of some 10 million people , and three-quarters of bangladesh .
food	the worst floods in decades triggered by torrential monsoon downpours have ruined many farmers and hammered agriculture , the mainstay of pakistan 's already fragile economy .
food	* continue distribution of high energy @/@ protein biscuits : to children under five years , pregnant and lactating women in accommodation centres and camps .
food shelter	on the pakistani side , a medical team of seven doctors and two paramedics arrived on october 12 in balakot , and ten trucks carrying food , tents , blankets and medical supplies reached yesterday .
food	a three-member leadership team has travelled in four-wheel drive vehicles into the hard-hit southern ( maputo ) area with soya products , powdered milk , mealie meal and other basic food products .
food	of particular concern are the shabelle valley and parts of the juba riverine area where the start of the season was delayed and crop germination has been poor .
evac shelter	in the bihar region of india , which is largely under water , hundreds of rural villages have been destroyed , 550,000 people have been displaced , 400,000 await rescue , and 3 million have been affected .
utils	the minister said that steps have been taken to allocate rupees one million for the galle district alone , and due to the g large scale projects being undertaken by the government to develop canal and drainage systems in the recent past , the current flood situation is not very severe .
shelter	shanghai , june 15 , 2009 ( afp ) @-@ at least 14 people were killed and more than 180 others were injured in a severe hail storm that destroyed thousands of homes across eastern china 's anhui province , authorities said monday .
food	extreme water shortage caused by two to three years of failed rains has killed huge numbers of farm animals and severely reduced crop production .
food	land preparation , planting , weeding and inter-cultivation crops have been underway in zobas debub , maekel , anseba , northern red sea and gash barka .
food	the coverage of the remote areas with food , clean water and medical assistance has been a very difficult and expensive task due to disrupted communications .
food	women needing assistance who had been registered at the center came at a pre-appointed time to pick up bags of weekly rations consisting of flour , cooking oil , and pulses .
utils	about 1,000 electricity pylons and poles have collapsed around chenzhou under the weight of ice and snow , effectively destroying the local power grid .
food	according to the humanitarian country team , critical needs will be plastic sheeting , water purification materials , water receptacles , cooking sets , mosquito nets , emergency health kits , and food .
food	the head of the food and agriculture organization ( fao ) , jacques diouf , said in a recent policymaker ’ s handbook that “ sustainable intensification of smallholder crop production is one of fao ’ s strategic objectives . ”
utils	work will include expansion of activities under phase 1 , restoration of community infrastructure , spatial redesign of affected zones , power and rural electrification , and public administration .
utils shelter	in addition to safe drinking water , survivors need assistance with house reconstruction , a teacher for the village school , job opportunities , boats for fishermen and a proper drainage system .
terrorism	*by katarina h ö ije* bamako , 30 april 2015 ( irin ) @-@ the last few years in mali have been busy : an independence declaration , a coup , a mutiny , a northern takeover by islamist groups , a french military intervention , a hostage crisis , a guerrilla campaign , a preliminary peace deal , and finally , in february , a ceasefire .
utils	promoting international efforts in early-warning , information exchange , communications and surveillance technologies was also imperative to curb the negative consequences of similar tragedies in the future .
food	to cover part of this deficit , the government plans to import up to 180 000 tons of maize for its relief distribution programme .
utils shelter	longer-term projects @-@ from highways and electrical grids to tens of thousands of homes @-@ are just getting started .
shelter	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ floods driven by incessant monsoon rains continued to wreak havoc in india 's northern and eastern states , washing away homes and livestock and claiming 20 more lives , officials and reports said saturday .
utils	surfaid is preparing a 60 tonne fuel barge in padang , west sumatera , which will sail to the earthquake affected region early next week to provide support for the surfaid fleet .
utils	sanitation and garbage disposals are the important public health issues , which needs to be addressed in a planned manner .
shelter	apart from home construction , cargill siam awards scholarships to children from families in need and , in rural areas , has installed water purifiers and water coolers in more than 120 schools .
shelter	many houses in the area were poorly constructed , with wooden roofs that fell on occupants when the quake shook them .
utils	beijing , feb. 21 -- the country 's two major power firms have been told to speed up repair work in snow-hit regions to ensure electricity is restored by the end of next month .
evac food shelter	ideally under normal conditions teams would be established that would work in rotating shifts , but this is not viable in evacuation shelters with many elderly people because of the extra amount of care they need beyond immediate necessities like food , clothing and shelter .
shelter	" a general alert has been sounded across the state with a central control room set up to monitor the flood situation with the rising level of all major rivers leading to floodwaters inundating hundreds of villages , " ians quoted bhumidhar barman , assam revenue , relief and rehabilitation minister , as saying .
food	washington , july 14 , 2005 @-@ the u.s. department of agriculture today announced that it will donate 4,780 metric tons of agricultural commodities to the international partnership for human development ( iphd ) , a private voluntary organization , for use in the republic of guinea .
utils	trees and electrical poles were uprooted , communications paralyzed , power supplies cut and traffic on highways stopped .
shelter	villagers continue with makeshift repairs in bitter sub-zero weather .
evac	as of wednesday , a total of 59,337 fishermen and marine staff at sea near fujian had been relocated to safe places , said the provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters .
evac shelter	those evacuated were living in the open after the operation and the overflowing waters were encircling abu hamad town market and water station in northern state , al-ayam independent daily quoted an official report as saying .
utils	about 200 china unicom base stations were out of action in aba as well as 500 in neighboring shaanxi province while a fibre-optic cable between shaanxi 's capital xi ' an and sichuan capital chengdu was severed , it said .
utils	the telephone facilities which were temporarily disrupted have now been made functional but there is congestion in connectivity in some areas .
shelter	oxfam aid workers in remote gorkha villages say that 80 % of houses are destroyed and practically everyone has been forced to live and sleep outside .
utils	three landfill sites and 12 recycling and composting facilities are to be established in the three cluster areas to process all the daily waste ; 1,500 collection bins have been distributed throughout the district .
terrorism	the movement for oneness and jihad in west africa ( mujao ) , one of the islamist groups which seized control of northern mali last year before being driven out by french-led troops , claimed the near simultaneous bombings at the agadez army base and the french majority-owned uranium mine in northern arlit .
food	now the vulnerable marginal farmers have no resources and the main concern for them is how to survive until the harvesting of the remaining main kharif crop .
shelter	every year , landslides kill more than 100 people , destroy 3,000-4,000 houses , affect 8,000-9,000 families , and cost uss $ 1 billion , according to the government .
utils	the funds would target everything from the restoration of people ’ s livelihoods to new roads and sanitation facilities to coastal development planning , he said .
food	governments need to make sure that people at the bottom of the pile are less hungry and angry and that they are not vulnerable to violent jihad .
utils food shelter	thousands of flimsy huts , home to poor labourers , were destroyed along with wheat , maize and pulse crops , the press trust of india reported , while photos showed power poles lying on the ground .
shelter	most survivors want to stay on their land with their animals but thousands have trekked out of the mountains to towns in the foothills where crowded , unsanitary tent camps have sprung up .
shelter	saribekian lived with her five children in a two-room apartment when the earthquake hit .
food	unicef will provide daily supplements of fortified blended food to prevent malnutrition among children and women in the most vulnerable households .
food	it is also developing market gardens to improve production during the dry season .
food	second , the increased cost of imported food will drive up demand for locally produced food , already in short supply due to the drought , in markets across afghanistan .
food	**hungary – floods ( civil protection ) ** due to the severe flood situation , caused by the heavy rains in the catchment basin of danube river this june , hunor and husz Á r un insarag classified rescue teams were deployed to give assistance in the flood protection works in hungary .
food	many of the area 's wide diameter open wells have also been filled with contaminated floodwater , and large numbers of livestock have drowned or been carried off .
utils	outside the city centre , almost half of the capital 's population live in the sprawling ger districts , with no access to running water , poor sanitation and limited social services .
shelter	roiling floods triggered by unusually heavy monsoon rain have scoured pakistan 's indus river basin , killing more than 1,600 people , forcing 2 million from their homes and disrupting the lives of about 14 million people , or 8 percent of the population .
utils	quetta , 22 may ( irin ) @-@ although ngos have mushroomed in thousands , rutted roads , open sewers , flying plastic bags , swarms of flies and nets of electricity wires hanging overhead in nawai killi , or new village , in the suburbs of quetta , the capital of pakistan 's southwestern balochistan province , present a grim picture of community development .
terrorism	* baghdad @-@ a roadside bomb wounded five people on the airport highway , in western baghdad , police said .
shelter	haroonur rasheed , a resident of a mountain village to the north of muzaffarabad , capital of pakistani kashmir , said the seven members of his family are sleeping rough , without a tent .
shelter	unhcr has begun erecting temporary tents instead to house those who had spontaneously settled on the camp outskirts .
food	the initiative seeks to integrate various sectors of society to improve nutrition and involves farmers ’ cooperatives , consumer associations , local and multinational businesses , health professionals , educators , lawyers , religious groups , human rights activists , development workers and politicians .
food shelter	there has been a tremendous loss to standing crops and livestock , in addition to important infrastructure , including homesteads , feeder roads and market infrastructure , irrigation schemes , farm equipment and animal disease control facilities .
food	immediate relief was provided by many bringing in food aid , urea molasses blocks , water supply etc.
utils shelter	the upsurge of cholera cases is attributed to lack of clean water and proper sanitation facilities coupled with the current heavy rains and high population movement from neighboring countries .
shelter	the most recent eruption of mt . nyiragongo was in 1977 , when the lava flow covered 20 square kilometers , killed 2,000 people , and destroyed 400 houses and a 10-kilometre section of road .
food	as the desert spreads , thousands of families once dependent on farming traditional crops , like millet and sorghum , to feed themselves and earn a living are left unable to support themselves .
food	approximately 8,000 families have been seriously affected , crops of 20,000 acres were totally destroyed and four kilometres of metalled road damaged .
food	nusrat mai , a woman from the village of basti ghota near multan , told afp from a makeshift camp : " the floods have completely destroyed us , boats came to rescue us . . . we don't have food and we don't have anything . "
food shelter	although the army has been mobilised and government teams have evacuated areas and are providing relief aid , people are in urgent need of food , clean water and shelter .
food	the world food programme had prepositioned stocks of rice and canned vegetables , as cyclones were predictable natural disasters in madagascar 's northern coastal towns .
utils	state electricity company tenaga nasional said in a statement that progress restoring power had been hampered by rain and earth movements and that four of 16 transformers the slide affected had been put back online .
terrorism	in sri lanka , the tamil tigers found women easier to infiltrate targets , he added , pointing to the 1991 assassination of former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi by a female suicide bomber .
utils	the lack of clean drinking water and the lack of garbage collection are aggravating the threat of communicable diseases .
evac	thousands of frightened nias residents are trying to flee the island through the main port in the capital gunung sitoli , hampering the return of iom 's truck-fleet , while upwards of 80 aid vehicles belonging to a wide variety of organizations languish in the mainland port of sibolga .
utils shelter	new delhi , aug 18 ( reuters ) @-@ the onset of monsoon rains in sri lanka is raising fears for the safety of thousands of war-displaced tamils after rain flooded camps , ruined shelters and caused sewage to overflow , aid workers said on tuesday .
utils	workers of the hyderabad municipal corporation ( hmc ) and its water and sanitation agency ( wasa ) seemed helpless as water accumulated in the low-lying areas could not be drained out because stormwater drains were already overflowing .
food	adequate rainfall , improved security in the south and most of the east and agricultural rehabilitation helped to compensate for a lack of fertilizers and damage caused by floods in some areas , an unusually cold and snowy winter , the devastating earthquakes and continuing conflict .
shelter	the international organization for migration on monday began moving the bulk of the manufacturing process for thousands of its semi-permanent housing units to banda aceh .
food	it has also earmarked 15 million yuan to subsidize farmers buying irrigation equipment .
utils	high winds have continued , causing power outages across the southern region .
shelter	while on the visit of the village after the storm , the prime minister edward lowasa called on the people to build stronger structures for safer housing of their families and plant more trees that would act as wind breakers during stormy weather .
shelter	many lost their homes when the huge waves swept ashore on march 11 , killing 20,000 people and grinding whole neighbourhoods into matchwood .
evac	they have airlifted 6,000 people from rooftops and trees in several days of shuttle flights .
food	geddo was shown a nearby cemetery with dozens of graves of people who had died in the past three months from malnutrition and from drinking unclean water .
food	local governments were urged to take measures to combat droughts and floods in major grain production bases and to step up monitoring of freak weather .
evac	to date , a total of 39 people suffering from ebola or having had a high risk exposure to the virus , have been medically evacuated to europe .
terrorism	according to the report , haider is expected to discuss the plight of afghan refugees fleeing pakistan to escape drought and hunger , as well as an extradition request for pakistanis who have joined the taliban @-@ many of whom are accused of carrying out sectarian attacks within pakistan .
utils	in indonesia , there are serious concerns about water and sanitation in various camps and relocation sites throughout nanggroe aceh darussalam ( nad ) .
shelter	the earthquake rocked the region around 6 a.m. saturday killing more than 5,100 people , seriously injuring 6,500 and leaving 200,000 homeless , according to the indonesian government .
food	bihar has vast areas of cultivation lands and the clayey soil prevents water from easily seeping in to the ground , delaying the drying process .
shelter	many people have moved into newly-constructed houses , de-silted land and cleared irrigation canals .
shelter	azerbaijan , baku , june 1 @/@ trend m. aliyev @/@ zagatala , which in early may was hit by a strong earthquake , will have new homes built and delapidated homes restored , azerbaijani emergencies minister kamaladdin heydarov told reporters on friday .
shelter	dubai , 30 january 2008 ( irin ) @-@ well over half the roughly 5,000 people made homeless by an earthquake which struck southern kyrgyzstan on 1 january are still living in tents and trying to survive harsh wintry conditions , aid officials say .
food	across the board , households are spending a higher proportion of their limited incomes on their food needs ; they are consuming smaller quantities , less frequently ; and they are eating cheaper and in many ( but by no means all ) cases , less nutritious foods .
utils	i was interested in getting a solar power generation system for my house , but there was no way that i could afford it .
food	it contained recommendations both for meeting immediate short-term needs and longer-term global food security , focusing on smallholder farmers in developing countries , a group that held the greatest potential for increasing agricultural production .
shelter	" the water level has gone down in some places but still people are not able to stay in the houses which are collapsed and thatched sheds which are wet .
utils	redd seeks to create a financial value for the carbon stored in forests , offering incentives for developing countries to reduce emissions from forested lands and invest in low-carbon paths to sustainable development .
food shelter	we have also been able to deliver large amounts of shelter , food and hygiene materials to the affected people to help them get through the next few weeks as the rain buckets down . "
food	crop varieties are unique in the nutrients they require and the pests they attract .
shelter	this year , however , the idea of permanent resettlement appears to be gaining currency as villagers , weary at the prospect of rebuilding razed homes and livelihoods from scratch , throw in the towel and resolve to stay on terra firma , at least most of the time .
utils	mr masisi suggested that goo-kodisa vicinity to thamaga coupled with the fact that a pump station is being constructed at the same makes thamaga an ideal point to connect goo-kodisa .
food	fao warned that other red sea and gulf of aden countries could face important infestations of the cropdevouring insects this winter due to unusually good rains and favorable ecological conditions .
utils food	the ccrif is also considering developing an insurance programme for electric utilities in the region to guard against wind damage and an insurance scheme that would allow governments to cover farmers against crop damage caused by weather-related disasters .
utils	thursday the 26 th : an air force plane , chartered by the aeci , with material acquired by it : two water-purifying systems able to treat 3000 litres @/@ hour , with their trailers , and two large electrical generators , and 100 blankets donated by tragsa .
food	since considerable damage occurred to agricultural land , village roads and drinking water tube wells , act @/@ lws india identified urgent needs for installation of shallow tube wells , agriculture land reclamation , restoration of village link roads and de-silting of water sources on a priority basis under food for work schemes .
shelter	more than 75,000 people died and another 3.5 million were rendered homeless when a devastating earthquake ripped through parts of northern pakistan on 8 october last year .
evac	next door in low-lying bangladesh , criss-crossed by a network of 230 rivers , at least 38 people have died in the past few days and 4.5 million were displaced as flood waters rose in the north and centre , officials said .
food	most of the subsistence farmers have lost one harvest and are still dependent on outside assistance .
evac	since the earthquake centered on wenchuan county , sichuan province , 84,017 survivors had been rescued from the debris , more than 2.04 million injured hospitalized and 15.1 million people relocated to safe areas .
food	in xai-xai , a small city about 90 miles from maputo , the team contributed food to the national flood relief effort .
evac	the flood control headquarters said some 269,000 people in 62 townships in zhangjiajie city have been evacuated because of the flooding threat .
utils	the country 's railway and electricity networks , added the appeal , have also been devastated and need urgent repairs .
food	the lack of accurate data is unsurprising given the secretive nature of the authoritarian regime , which is blamed for grossly mismanaging the economy and contributing to the famine .
utils	many nonnuclear electricity generating stations ( natural gas , hydro , etc. ) also shut down , particularly in the northeast of japan .
shelter	heavy rain flooded basements of the houses and washed away domestic animals .
terrorism	dina kawar ( jordan ) said that the sahel had become a fertile ground for terrorism and the al ‑ qaida , the boko haram , and other terrorist groups had taken advantage of that .
shelter	new delhi_ ( dpa ) _ at least 21 people were killed as their houses collapsed after heavy rains accompanied by strong winds lashed several parts of the northern indian state of uttar pradesh , news reports said sunday .
food	what tearfund is doing to help seven tearfund partners in burkina faso , chad , mali and niger are responding to the food crisis , helping crop growers and livestock producers with emergency measures .
shelter	the first batch of tents was distributed in schuckmansburg ( 40 tents ) and kasika ( 23 tents ) on friday and on sunday in impalila island ( 44 tents ) by helicopter and cargo plane with the support of the zimbabwe air force .
utils food	freaky winter storms have plagued southern china since mid-january , leading to widespread traffic jams , structural collapse , blackouts and crop loss in 21 provincial-level regions .
food	overstretched aid agencies are helping , but people still have to make concessions , whether it is risking their safety to gather firewood outside the camp or trading their food rations for medicine when a child falls sick .
food	some of the roughly 250,000 people who fled their homes in 1999 have since returned , but there are still 100,000 to 120,000 people who live under difficult conditions away from their places of origin , unable to ensure their own nutritional security .
food	in addition , about 32 tons of food was pre-positioned to meet the expected needs in case of flooding after the snow melts in chaghcharan city , the capital of ghor province .
shelter	in turkana , one of the worst affected areas , hundreds of homes have been washed away by floods or buried under landslides .
food	" we are already distributing cooked food and rations among 100,000 in the district , " he said .
evac	evacuees said they would return home only if the government officially stated that it was safe to do so , as they continue to feel mild tremors .
shelter	sri lanka has built about 50,000 temporary shelters for families displaced by the tsunami , while tens of thousands of people are still living with family and friends , but fewer than 5,000 permanent houses have been completed .
utils	oxfam 's teams will also build latrines , continue to provide clean water , and explore ways of helping quake survivors rebuild their livelihoods .
shelter	this unit , accompanied , by a consignment of temporary shelter material and other supplies , was loaded aboard a french navy frigate .
evac shelter	as per latest cmo informed about 2000 families ( 15000-20000 individuals ) from highly hazardous seismic zones of 11 villages , tehsil muzaffarabad will be evacuated @/@ relocated to the existing camps .
utils	most of the 6,000 displaced people are living in camps , some , just a few meters from the banks of river nzoia without latrines and clean water .
evac	the government has been evacuating patients to more distant cities to relieve overcrowding .
food	the victims are said to be suffering from conditions such kwashiorkor , a condition that comes about as a result of a high calory intake and protein deficiency of food and marasmus , which is a deficiency of both protein and energy in food .
shelter	thousands of people along burma 's eastern border states have been forced to remain in makeshift shelters after days of heavy rains triggered widespread flooding , which observers say was the most severe in two decades .
evac	in the southwestern municipality of chongqing , home to 32 million people , an explosion at a chemical plant this week forced the evacuation of 6,000 riverside residents amid fears of benzene contamination , the southern metropolis daily reported .
shelter	aziz said the first tent village in quake-ravaged muzaffarabad would be set up in the next couple of days .
shelter	q : given the deplorable conditions and reports coming out of the jalozai refugee settlement , surely your government may want to reconsider its position about establishing further camps in pakistan ?
food	in moyale , rains continued to fall forcing businessmen to charter planes from nairobi as shortage of essential food stuffs like sugar , cooking oil and maize flour continued to bite .
shelter	thankfully they escaped uninjured , but their house , shop , fishing equipment and all their belongings were completely swept away by the waves .
food	( b ) wfp is running dangerously low on food to assist angolan refugees in namibia , with a corn-soya blend pipeline break expected in june and breaks for virtually all other commodities in the food basket , including the staple maize meal , in july .
shelter	the city , 100 km northeast of islamabad , was virtually flattened by the earthquake .
food	care is planning long-term assistance to communities by helping to treat contaminated water sources so people have access to clean water , and by providing vegetable seed so farmers can plant new crops to replace the ones they lost .
utils food shelter	the true scale of destruction of agricultural land , homes , sewage systems , schools and livelihood is not yet know , but the un is appealing for £ 290m to help fund its efforts alongside the pakistan government in coming months .
terrorism	isayas told the general that eritrea had been a victim of terrorism for the past 10 years and its support for the fight against terror " emanates from its national interest " .
shelter	the 7.8 magnitude april 25 earthquake and a powerful aftershock on may 12 claimed the lives of over 8,800 people , destroyed 600,000 homes and damaged a further 280,000 in 14 districts , including the capital kathmandu .
food	this leaves a deficit of 1.47 million tonnes , of which 1.37 million tonnes need to be covered by food aid and concessional imports .
food	the beneficiaries have not received fishing boats from the government or other organisations and have been subsisting on food and cash handouts since the tsunami struck .
food	ethiopians generally are constrained to the consumption of the commonly cultivated crops and neglect wild plants like amaranthus and solanium khasianum which have clearly demonstrated their production potential in pocket areas of the country .
shelter	ms rolnik also drew attention to the growing number of homeless persons in the indian capital and the demolitions of homeless shelters , stressing that the preparation for the 2010 commonwealth games seems to be " one of the factors behind the closing down of a number of shelters . "
utils	mercy malaysia has also distributed hygiene kits to more than 1,500 families this year and has begun projects of installing latrines , hand-pumps and water filtration systems to villages in the sindh province .
food shelter	last winter a wave of unusually cold weather saw temperatures fall to -25=bac and more than 150 people die in one week , says dr wahdati , who fears the combination of cold , increasing malnutrition and overcrowding this year could have a devastating impact .
food	irrigation systems are needed to grow more food and fight poverty and hunger , but they can serve as breeding sites for mosquitoes that transmit malaria .
food	an indonesian navy vessel delivered donated rice , noodles , biscuits , some medicines and clothing to sirombu .
evac	i had thought the entire village evacuated , but when we reached the high ground , about 20 to 30 people were missing .
utils	people come to see a huge barge @-@ an electrical power generating station .
utils	the outbreak is attributed to poor hygiene and improper sewerage that have led to the contamination of water and food with the cholera bacterium , vibrio cholerae .
food	how heavily the economy will be affected is unclear , but major industrial areas were affected , as well as bohemia 's agricultural heartland .
food	preliminary assessments indicate that infestations of quelea birds which have been reported over the past few months do not seem to have greatly affected crop prospects .
food shelter	whole villages have been destroyed and winter crops have failed in the unseasonably cold weather .
evac	last year , torrential rains triggered landslides in bududa district , killing 300 people and forcing thousands to abandon their homes in the mountainous villages of nametsi , kubehwo and namangasa .
utils	under such circumstance , ceci nepal 's wash initiative plays a significant role in availing earthquake affected people with clean drinking water and toilet facility to combat the possible outbreak of the contagious disease .
shelter	but a spontaneous settlement in karabulak was completely flooded with water and mud , and many of the 400 displaced people living there have lost belongings and food .
utils	referring to the new construction in the earthquake affected areas particularly due to frequent aftershocks , the chairman erra said the whole new construction and structure in the affected areas would be " earthquake resistance " and with proper heating system .
utils shelter	* care has launched household ( houses , latrines , waste disposal ) and village rehabilitation ( community centers , water systems , small economic activity development , watershed management and irrigations systems activities ) in three blocks of kutch district : anjar , rapar and bhachau .
utils	guillermo redoblado , spokesman for the national grid corporation , said it would take two to three days to repair at least five major lines after cables and wires were cut on tuesday night by falling trees , posts and strong winds .
utils	hundreds of fishing boats caught in the cyclone failed to return to shore , while trees and power poles were uprooted , disrupting communication and electricity supplies .
shelter	with millions of people left homeless in the southern province of sindh , where goal is working , the aid agency has also procured tens of thousands of family survival kits containing such items as plastic sheeting for shelter , sleeping mats , soap , cooking utensils , cutlery and other essential items .
utils food	about three-quarters of households in the area harvested nothing , according to albertina hilda namafo , a volunteer with development aid from people to people ( dapp ) , an ngo that uses community health workers to educate the local population about health and sanitation practices .
utils	we also installed two water taps and roof gutters , cleared land for a playground , established organic gardens and a composting program , and helped school officials instill a new cleanliness ethic with handwashing posters and a student-led committee on hygiene .
utils	the system in chokwe has no backup generators and therefore had no water supply during this period .
utils	the falling reservoir levels placed a heavy burden on thermal power generation .
food shelter	in northeastern afghanistan , huge mudslides and powerful aftershocks are terrifying quake survivors huddling without food or shelter in the mountains .
food	the source explained that the provided assistance was estimated to be about 2,280 tons of corn in addition to a large amount of drugs and medicines .
food	according to local farmers , the fruit gardens closest to kabul did not yield at all , reflecting the devastation that is happening on a much more dangerous scale in the south and west of the country .
evac shelter	according to media reports , in andhra pradesh , 150 people have been killed as a result of the monsoon storm and landslides , and 85,000 have been evacuated and are housed in temporary relief camps .
shelter	another ocha shipment containing 6,760 quilted blankets , 150 tents , 6 plastic rolls , and 5,240 emergency drinking water kits with filter donated by norway is expected later today .
utils	flood waters inundated the county seat on monday , disrupting power and water supplies and telecommunication services in several towns , it said .
utils	the earthquake and tsunami also destabilized the daiichi nuclear power station in fukushima , causing reactors to overheat and leak radiation .
shelter	( 5 ) promotion of earthquake resistant houses for reconstruction
utils	the agency 's medical and relief staff plan an outreach campaign focused on sanitation issues in the region , where doctors report an increase in gangrene and diarrhea days after the quake .
utils	in bihar in northern india , children have reportedly been swimming and bathing in dirty flood waters contaminated by corpses , dead livestock , and waste , while others have been drinking from the stagnant pools .
food	in togo , 60,000 people are in need of urgent food assistance , according to preliminary assessments , but figures could be higher as information from inaccessible areas is being collected .
food	we will ensure that adequate quantities of foodgrains and other essential commodities are available in the state and that agricultural seeds of the desired variety are also available , " he added .
food shelter	" a little further west , faryab province has experienced both landslides and floods that are damaging homes , cattle and affecting hundreds of families , " said ms henry .
utils shelter	the storms damaged hundreds of thatched houses , cut off villages and left many without electricity .
evac	defence medical services the norwegian defence medical services @/@ military medical education and competence centre ( muks ) have assisted the civil authorities both with advice and with operational support in connection with the preparation and execution of the medical evacuation tasks .
shelter	they stressed their common position that israeli settlements , the separation barrier built anywhere in the occupied palestinian territory , home demolitions and evictions are illegal under international law and constitute obstacles for peace and they endanger the viability of the two-state solution .
shelter	many villages flooded in sokuluk district due to rising water level in sokuluk river .
terrorism evac	the majority of the 1.2 million idps in darfur who fled their homes earlier this year after arab militias launched a scorched-earth campaign of violence and intimidation against a mainly muslim african civilian population perceived to be rebel sympathizers .
shelter	swollen by torrential monsoon rains , major rivers have flooded pakistan 's mountain valleys and fertile plains , killing up to 1,600 people and leaving two million homeless .
terrorism	the bamako government and various rebel groups , mostly tuareg but also including arab organisations , are seeking to resolve a decades-old conflict which created a power vacuum in the desert north that was exploited by al-qaeda .
food	sc continues to play an important role in the nutrition sector by taking a lead in co-ordination and on the nutrition surveillance task force and in food security meetings .
food	farmers usually grow the plant for animal fodder but also consume it times food scarcity .
food	without such assistance , increasing childhood malnutrition and mortality are anticipated .
terrorism	combating islamist violence is expected to be high on the agenda as the secretary-general holds talks with president muhammadu buhari , whose inauguration in may sparked a massive upsurge in jihadist attacks .
terrorism	the operation was conducted amid published reports that ltte suicide cadres were targeting top political figures in the capital .
shelter	the children were quite exposed to the cold weather and had to sleep on the wet and swampy terrain with no warm clothing . "
food	the namibian government , with the help of a pilot climate change adaptation project run by the un development programme ( undp ) , is providing improved millet seeds that fruit earlier , and teaching water conservation farming techniques .
food	in order to strengthen the island communities against disasters , the british red cross plans to run health and hygiene campaigns on the safe management of water and sanitation , and aim to educate people in varying the nutrient content in their diets so their health is more resilient .
food	availability of sufficient seed and other planting material to restart crop production on the agricultural lands of afghanistan .
evac	downstream in thatta , the towns of sujawal , daro and mirpur batoro , with a combined population of 400,000 , were ordered evacuated after the swollen indus river broke through an embankment early thursday morning .
evac shelter	it also envisages the preparation of alert activities , and population warning on occurance of disasters , the identification of evacuation routes and accomodation centres , the inventory of existing means and their strategic location , and the determination of additional resources necessary for a prompt response and mitigating actions .
shelter	( c ) 24 houses were destroyed and 7 damaged when a high tidal wave struck the coasts of la union on 8 september .
food	the food voucher program will provide short-term food security while farmers rebuild and enhance their livelihoods by preparing for the next rainy season .
food	in the early stages of the flooding , before the roads became impassable , hagar received trickles of food by donkey cart from afmadow or kismayo , which could take as long as several days .
food	the country is , however , experiencing a shortage of maizemeal , even in supermarkets .
shelter	some 400,000 idps had sheltered there at the time .
food	meanwhile , back at the eid gha displaced persons camp , residents continue to line up to receive their monthly wfp food ration @-@ knowing all too well the importance it holds .
utils	a few feet away from where a young woman sat baking chapattis , a child was splashing in a bath of stinking , tepid water , with swarms of flies buzzing around human faeces lying in the open nearby .
food	yet in the midst of the international community ’ s response to this spike in regional instability , the sahel faced a serious humanitarian crisis in 2012 brought on by a severe drought and failed harvests that put 18.7 million people at risk for food insecurity , including one million children at risk of severe acute malnutrition .
shelter	cyclones eline and gloria killed 150 people as rivers burst their banks , flooding homes and small farms and triggering mudslides .
shelter	" the engineers have trained thousands of people to build and design their houses in accordance with new building codes and standards based on land studies and seismic survey , " he said .
shelter	corrugated iron-roofed huts now dot the hillsides in rural areas where the sound of hammers and shovels ring out , and many villagers have started laying concrete foundations for the future .
food	a who nutrition expert is conducting a more in-depth assessment on the situation , so as to identify more comprehensive approaches to improve the nutrition deficiency problems affecting the population .
evac	" all residents in tsunami evacuation zones . . . should evacuate immediately , " the emergency department said .
shelter	new homes under construction
food	the poor rains resulted in below-average crop production and weak recovery of rangeland conditions .
utils food shelter	since then , more than 9 million people have been directly affected by the cyclone which caused extensive damages to houses , water and sanitation infrastructures , harvests , food stocks and livelihoods , also killing livestock and destroying fishing material and other income generating assets .
utils	concerns about the spread of water-borne diseases are also growing as rain continues to pound the ethiopian highlands .
food	associated press reports that road crews have repaired a flood-damaged road along the limpopo river , enabling trucks to deliver food and relief supplies to chiacalane , 120 miles north of maputo .
shelter	makeshift tent cities have sprung up made up of plastic awnings , old signboards and a few real tents .
shelter	" i found myself neck deep in water when the gigantic waves engulfed the area , " he recalls sampath managed to swim to safety but watched his home and garden being swept away by the swirling waters .
utils food	health workers say clean water and sanitation , immunization against diseases such as measles , and supplemental feeding are urgently needed .
utils food shelter	impacts include damage to pumping equipment , crops , irrigation schemes , villages and livestock ( fao ) .
evac	following a joint pakistan and afghanistan contingency planning exercise facilitated by unhcr geneva in june 2000 , a contingency plan for afghanistan has been formulated to forecast possible population displacement as a result of drought and armed conflict .
food	2.2 in addition to the 250,000 tons of cereals and blended food required under emop 6218 , a budget revision was approved to add 2,900 tons of vegetable oil and 600 tons of biscuits .
food	nationally more than three million people are at risk of hunger following successive droughts and swarms of locusts that stripped sparse vegetation bare across the arid country last year , according to nigerien authorities .
utils shelter	they are currently constructing walkways and drainage systems in camps as well as temporary shelter areas .
food	prime minister nguyen tan dung has signed a decision to provide relief of vnd80 billion ( us $ 4.7 million ) , as well as 6,600 tons of husked rice and 500 tons of seed rice to eight flood-stricken provinces .
evac	evacuation : concern will facilitate the voluntary evacuation of households that are found to be in need .
shelter	with flood-hit families whose houses were totally damaged yet to be rehabilitated , it appears that the government will take some time before it disburses the money as obtained under the norms .
evac shelter	in the neighboring province of fujian , continuous heavy rains since may 30 have claimed the lives of 22 people and destroyed 19,000 homes , forcing the evacuation of more than 50,000 people .
terrorism	from that perspective , the recent trends in the overall security situation , which included the taliban reunification movement , a shift in terrorist tactics to focusing on " soft targets " , and expansion of opium production were of grave concern and needed the serious consideration of the international community .
terrorism	“ the members of the security council reiterate their call to member states to assist the settlement of the crisis in mali and , in particular , to provide assistance to the malian defence and security forces in order to reduce the threat posed by terrorist organizations and associated groups , ” the council members said .
food	the food basket that they received previously has been partially reduced with refugees receiving half rations of rice , beans and supercereal ( a fortified corn soya blend ) while maintaining complete rations of oil and salt .
food	vtv showed pictures of famished villagers swamping relief helicopters as they landed .
shelter	situation : torrential rains from late may until early june have triggered flooding which has turned vast areas of southern china into muddy lakes , razed mountain villages and destroyed more than 76,000 housing units .
utils food	low rains have ravaged india 's rice , cane sugar and groundnut crops , and have disrupted the flow of water into the main reservoirs that are vital for hydropower generation and winter irrigation .
food	( b ) as the food security situation in zimbabwe continues to decline rapidly , serious pipeline ruptures are foreseen by the end of the year .
utils	by benard ogembo nakuru town and its environs are sitting on a health time bomb , with its inefficient and leaking sewers discharging untreated effluent into the environment .
terrorism	u.s. state department spokesman p. j. crowley said the group was designated a " foreign terrorist organization " because " it is a threat to the united states but most importantly a threat to pakistan itself . "
food shelter	crops and food stocks have been totally destroyed , homes demolished and the infrastructure wiped out .
food	katy migiro nairobi , nov 17 ( thomson reuters foundation ) @-@ aid workers in somalia , which faces worsening hunger three years after famine struck the country , believe the humanitarian system is " rotten " and are hamstrung by fears of being prosecuted for aiding terrorists , an expert said .
evac	this helped in preventing separation of children . . . as families had to rush out to escape from gushing floodwaters , " says ms. gul .
food shelter	as the deadly flooding recedes , relief efforts have now shifted to caring for families without shelter , food or clean water .
utils	approximately 32,000 households suffered temporary blackouts yesterday in south gyeongsang as the inclement weather toppled utility poles and trees , cutting power lines .
utils	norad , the norwegian development cooperation agency , has funded the establishment of low flush latrines for most of the households in the visited areas .
shelter	instead of providing emergency shelter in public buildings which the indian government closed , collective centres were set up which also provided material for provisional shelters .
food	the five-year , $ 540 million compact includes a project to improve agricultural productivity in the senegal river valley , the country ’ s rice production heartland , by improving the performance of the irrigation systems in the delta valley and ngalenka perimeter .
food	the british red cross has already allocated £ 75,000 from its disaster fund to provide emergency food for over 130,000 displaced families , and water purification tablets and drugs to treat waterborne diseases for 198,000 people in bangladesh .
food shelter	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
utils	there are several community water taps , but residents complain of lack of adequate toilets , which are usually clogged with water and waste during the rainy season .
food	urban and rural poverty was acute , the eiu said , and the country was currently facing severe food shortfalls , partly due to drought but also to long-term erosion of food security and general living standards .
utils	aai provided twelve voltage stabilizers epi vaccination centers to enable them to operate their medicine fridges at constant temperature .
shelter	more than 300 houses have been destroyed or have had their roofs blown off .
evac food	some of the roughly 250,000 people who fled their homes in 1999 have since returned , but there are still 100,000 to 120,000 people who live under difficult conditions away from their places of origin , unable to ensure their own nutritional security .
shelter	while most of the camps have mud houses instead of tents , the stench of human faeces permeates the air .
shelter	he said that the shelter response to recent disasters had , among other things , demonstrated that efforts to provide a range of in situ non-tent-based emergency shelter options had proven effective in protecting people ’ s housing , land and property , providing survivors with constructive engagement , and rebuilding self-confidence following disaster .
food	the five states own 80 % of the country 's fish aquaculture ponds and 26 % of the shrimp aquaculture ponds .
food	balakot @-@ with helicopters grounded by low cloud , rain and snow and many roads still blocked by landslides , the united nations world food programme ( wfp ) has begun using packhorses and mules to bring emergency rations to survivors of the 8 october earthquake in remote mountain areas in pakistan and pakistani-administered kashmir .
food	outbreaks of fmd , which affects cattle , and peste des petits ruminants ( ppr ) , which affects goats and sheep , would therefore hit both the households ' immediate source of food and its medium-term source of emergency funds .
shelter	the earthquake , that has killed at least 30,000 people and injured many more , has left over 2.5 million people homeless .
food shelter	since then , excessive rains have mitigated the anticipated improvements in food security , especially in the eastern pastoral areas where the adverse impacts of flooding include displacement of households , upsurge in water and vector borne diseases , limited access to markets , impassable roads and loss of life .
utils	hundreds of fishing boats caught in the cyclone failed to return to shore , while trees and power poles were uprooted , disrupting communication and electricity supplies .
shelter	the storm , which struck the eastern state on october 29 and 30 with wind gusts up to 300 kilometres per hour ( 188 miles an hour ) , left millions homeless and flooded vast areas of the state .
shelter	a widow named sudarna and her four young sons live in a in a three-by-three metre shack in an informal camp down the hill from the fortress .
food	at a press conference during the inter-governmental consultative committee on drought and food security in arid and semi-arid counties , ms waiguru had said the affected people required food aid over the next six months to avert a looming famine disaster .
food	unicef has allocated a total of us $ 1,235,400 to treat children with severe and acute malnutrition , and to reduce the effects of household food insecurity .
food shelter	pakistan air force has delivered 1,63,000 kg of relief cargo including tents , blankets , dry ration , medicines in the disaster stricken muzaffarabad and adjacent areas during last six days . the relief activities was undertaken by various paf transport aircrafts that include y-12 , c-130 , casa and mi-17 helicopters .
shelter	fire-fighters brought under control blazes that had threatened another munitions dump and the unexploded ordnance scattered across the disaster zone of debris , crumbled homes and twisted corrugated iron roofs .
food	while the farms grow fresh fruits and vegetables for export , health centers in hunyu 's village continue to treat diseases related to nutritional deficiency .
food	the report analyses five situations affecting livelihoods : ( 1 ) high variations in cereal production ; ( 2 ) deterioration in grazing conditions ; ( 3 ) depressed production of cash crops ; ( 4 ) market access and ( 5 ) food price changes .
shelter	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
shelter	some 30 cottages have collapsed and some have even been swept away by rapti river in deukhuri , according to reports .
utils	in addition , volunteers have been conducting disaster risk reduction ( drr ) trainings in 15 local schools , enhancing the capacity of sungai geringging 's future generations to cope with and mitigate the harmful effects of future disasters , and have built ten water catchment systems and six latrines .
shelter	recovery priorities in an estimated amount of us $ 2,8 million , include restoration of livelihood systems in poor coastal fisheries communities , restoration of shelter in poorer communities , coastal management and environmental rehabilitation .
utils	the whole country suffered electricity shortage shortage and subsequent in water supplies in the major cities from night of 15 th .
food	there , our relief team has encountered numerous cases of severely undernourished children .
evac shelter	tens of thousands of residents of goma , a city in the northeast of the drc , who fled their homes for nearby rwanda on thursday as vast areas of the town were set ablaze by lava flows from an erupting volcano , started returning at dawn friday , an afp correspondent in the town reported .
shelter	some though have had to take their own evasive action , abandoning their homes and setting up makeshift tarpaulin shelters along the few raised dirt roads bisecting the floodplains .
utils	washing has been arranged in 16 washing stations in decontamination-shower trailers , in all , 12,020 people , including 589 children , have been washed , ( over 24 hours – 3,204 people , including 69 children ) .
utils food	weak rains forced the federal government to divert power supplies to the countryside to irrigate rice and oilseed crops and limit damage , a move which threatens to worsen the summer power deficit that has plagued india for decades .
food	he said the prevalence of hiv was not only taking a toll in lost lives and reduced life expectancy , but also directly undermining the capacity of communities to produce enough food .
utils	@-@ interagency working group position paper on water and sanitation : an interagency working group consisting of representatives from undp , unep , unicef , ifrc , mec , mwsa and who have prepared a position paper on sludge management , sea outfalls , septic tanks , ground water quality and biomedical waste .
utils evac shelter	due to the twin factors of non-water resistant tents and the lack of proper drainage some idps in trincomalee were relocated to school buildings last week .
food	tonnes of food , water , tents and medical supplies have been trucked and flown into the main cities and towns in areas hit by the flash floods triggered by torrential rains .
food	in that regard , he said that plans related to vitamin a supplementation in food had been successfully implemented , as had plans aimed at broad-based eradication of preventable or readily treatable diseases .
shelter	" there is a big effort now on the part of the ministry of emergency , the government and donors to help establish more permanent structures , so they are looking into prefabricated housing "
shelter	moments earlier their simple mud-brick home had literally collapsed in front of them following a sudden cloudburst , burying what few possessions they had under a giant slab of still shifting clay .
utils	one valid concern is that fecal matter from decomposing bodies may contaminate water .
food	( c ) the expanded operation will provide maize , beans , vegetable oil and blended fortified food .
shelter	damage was most severe in the delta region , where the effects of extreme winds were compounded by a sizable storm surge that destroyed an estimated 95 % of housing .
shelter	care staff are also distributing temporary shelter materials such as plastic sheets to provide immediate relief while other supplies are on the way .
evac shelter	as of tuesday , the local disaster mitigation agency had recorded 1,520 families in tempurejo district to have fled their homes , as well as 1,230 families in sumberbaru , 487 families in semboro , 230 in wuluhan , 40 in ambulu and 40 in jenggawah .
food	admissions of children with severe acute malnutrition to community-based therapeutic care ( ctc ) centres were also high in february with over 5,000 new admissions reported .
food	he said the government alone could not stand the cost of rehabilitating the area and appealed to ngos , international organisations , churches and donor agencies to help by providing food aid , building materials and drugs .
shelter	the rains have destroyed houses and important roads and installations near gold mining areas , " kahindi said by telephone from geita .
shelter	the downpour collapsed over 9,000 houses and 64 irrigational facilities , submerged nearly 2,500 hectares of rice , killed more than 13,000 heads of cattle and damaged 420 kilometers of canals , six reservoirs and a number of roads .
terrorism	reporters sans frontieres ( rsf ) , a french group protecting the rights of journalists , condemns the attack in august on the prominent journalist , sergei duvanov , calling for a full investigation .
utils	“ i want to urge the public to wash their hands before handling food and to maintain clean toilets , ” dr mwaura said .
food	a representative from champion rice warehouses told the irrawaddy on wednesday that pawsan mwe , burma 's highest quality long-grain rice , had shot up in price since the may 2-3 disaster .
utils	in a country like chad , with very few paved roads , extremely weak infrastructures and indigent and unreliable electricity supply , challenges in these two domains are substantial .
food	areas of niger remain critically food insecure despite interventions by multiple relief organizations and the government of niger .
utils food	high chronic malnutrition rates indicate a worsening of the food security situation due to insufficient nutritious food , poor access to health facilities , inadequate water and sanitation facilities , poor maternal and child care and limited livelihood opportunities .
food	unicef is also organising the delivery of therapeutic and supplementary feeding for the drought affected population and providing support for the construction of hand-pump wells , water system repairs and bore hole drilling .
utils	sanitation facilities and sewage treatment works were damaged .
food	drought during the april to june rainy season resulted in the lowest crop production for 17 years , with matters worsened by crop pests and diseases .
utils	taiwan 's nuclear power stations were generating far below normal levels .
food	grass pea is a drought tolerant , high yielding nitrogen rich leguminous crop with high-quality protein and carbohydrate .
utils	the lack of potable water , the stagnant putrid smelling water standing on roads and around homes , and lack of toilets together make up a deadly combination for the spread of epidemics .
utils	they wove gabion cages to secure river banks and they took classes about how to keep themselves and their children healthy through improved hygiene and sanitation .
food	the food items comprising mainly of rice , milo , biscuits , noodles , milk , mineral water and canned tuna are part of the 1,500 tonnes of relief items that the singapore red cross had sent via a barge to nias on monday , 4 april .
utils	the projects include toilets for quarantined homes , fuel for an electricity generator that helps pump treated water into a reservoir for use in the township and at the ebola treatment centres , funds for a group of ebola survivors to help raise awareness of the virus and for a local radio station to produce programmes in local languages .
evac	nevertheless , some liberians have packed their belongings and boarded buses and taxis for cote d ' ivoire and ghana , where many have relatives .
food	172 hectares of banana plantations 106 classrooms destroyed ngoma
shelter	reports indicate that many villages in the more remote areas may have been completely obliterated , while others may have suffered 95 percent destruction .
utils	according to the who , cholera , spread by contaminated water and food , is an acute intestinal infection caused by the bacterium vibrio cholera .
evac food shelter	balakot , oct 19 ( app ) : prime minister shaukat aziz tuesday asked the earthquake affectees in the inaccessible areas damaged by the oct 8 earthquake to shift to the tentage villages where they can be provided shelter , food and medicines .
shelter	musharraf said he feels satisfied that in a brief period of time , hundreds and thousands seismically safe structures , including houses , hospitals , educational institutions , roads , bridges and water supply schemes have been reconstructed on the principal of " build back better " .
shelter	temperatures are dipping below freezing at night and survivors remain exposed to the elements , without shelter .
food	in 2011 , when warning signs indicated that another food crisis was emerging in niger and the sahel , concern launched an early intervention program that included cash transfers , reaching some 44,500 .
terrorism	the absence of clear frontlines and identifiable opponents and the increasing use of terror tactics have made children more vulnerable , ” she said .
shelter	powerful waves also damaged 3 km of sea dike , many embankments , over 100 houses , two schools and 30 salt stocks .
food	many displaced people and other vulnerable people , meanwhile , could go hungry as winter looms and snow looks set to block aid deliveries .
evac	( d ) measures to resettle destitutes , orphans and widows
shelter	the government 's transitional accommodation project ( tap ) in cooperation with unhcr and other agencies announced 18 march , that 10,000 transitional housing units are expected to be completed soon in ten affected districts .
food	family parcels : the tornadoes ripped up gardens and destroyed food caches of everyone in the path .
shelter	community aid abroad-oxfam responded immediately to the disaster by supplying emergency relief including blankets , cooking utensils and temporary shelter .
utils	the tsunami also slammed into the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station , disabling cooling systems and leading to fuel meltdowns in three of the six units .
food shelter	in the eastern state of orissa , at least 30,000 homeless people were living without food and water as heavy monsoon showers continued , officials said on monday .
utils	the accompanying rains caused water logging in large parts of the kolkata city , while power supply remained erratic .
shelter	he survived only because he jumped into an underground shelter .
utils	sudan 's health ministry is distributing chlorine to sterilise water , repairing latrines and spraying insecticides to try to stop the spread of cholera and malaria after the worst floods in living memory .
food	as such , the wfp and fao recommend a targeted food assistance between october 2001 and june 2002 for one million vulnerable people , particularly those in remote border areas and mountainous regions .
food	the flash floods that followed torrential monsoonal rains in north-west pakistan between 28 and 30 july have caused great loss of life and wide-spread damage to infrastructure , livestock and property in more than 100 villages .
utils food shelter	chf 200,000 was released from the dref to start up the relief assistance , followed by an emergency appeal for over chf 2,000,000 chf which includes shelter and food , health , water and sanitation as well as the ongoing rescue and first aid .
food	amity will immediately provide tarpaulins and convenience foods to meet the urgent needs of affected people .
food	double-cropping should cease , to prevent disaster and loss from a water shortage .
evac	madras , india , dec 30 ( afp ) @-@ tens of thousands of indians fled in panic thursday from coastal areas devastated by killer tsunamis after the authorities sounded a new alert , while aid workers struggled to bring relief to the living .
utils	the irrigation department ’ s kamaladasa said that as of the last week of may , the bulk of the country ’ s major irrigation reservoirs were at between 30 to 40 percent capacity .
food	fao said the irregular and patchy rains since the beginning of the season have made zambia 's cereal crop prospects for 1999 @/@ 2000 uncertain .
food	the returnees were provided with unhcr 's standard repatriation package ( cash grant , plastic sheeting and wheat ) and tea .
food	“ the government of nigeria is committed to reaching more children with cmam , ” said linus awute , permanent secretary of the nigerian federal ministry of health , “ we cannot accept that nigerian children continue to die of malnutrition and that our potential future leaders should be diminished by its effects . ”
food	in addition , wfp assisted 2,300 vulnerable people facing severe food shortages in isolated areas recently affected by a snowstorm .
food	furthermore , due to excessive rains and repeated hailstorms , maize and teff crops have suffered serious damage , for instance in sokoru , gechi , metu and alle didu weredas .
shelter	rivers of slurry also destroyed and damaged homes homes in populated areas of the province , according to the un .
shelter	somalis who crossed into neighbouring countries are being accommodated in overcrowded refugee camps .
food shelter	concern sent a charter flight carrying 42 tons of emergency supplies , including blankets , shelter material and cooking utensils , to aid those left without food and shelter following the eruption of the nyiragongo volcano ; the shipment arrived in kigali , the rwandan capital , and distributions followed shortly after .
shelter	the government is appealing for immediate assistance to the evacuees in the form of heated tents , blankets and cooking equipment .
utils food	the additional financing for the sindh on-farm water management project aims to improve the efficiency , reliability , and equity of irrigation water distribution at watercourse levels and enhance agricultural productivity .
shelter	the crm , together with the local civil authorities , has helped the french government 's action humanitaire france with erecting tents to provide shelter for the homeless .
utils food	those are lack of food , drinking and potable water because of basic public facilities were destroyed , furthermore , the sea water mixed with fresh water to create brackish water that is a perfect media for cholera organism growth .
food shelter	@-@ short-term needs are food , medical services , clothing , house supplies like drinking water , candles , match boxes , utensils , beddings etc.
utils	" fellows added that " the amounts of excreta and the lack of hygiene is of a scale that i have never had to deal with in 30 years of working in this sector . "
shelter	in ningbo city two houses collapsed including a workers ' dormitory but firefighters rescued all 12 trapped people .
utils	the country ’ s sole electricity provider escom lost 35 percent of its power after shutting down two of its five power stations located on shire river after they were damaged by floodwaters .
utils	a nationally coordinated decontamination effort is needed right now , including proper waste management .
utils food	under its strategic innovations and partnership ( strip ) unit set up in 2010 , mr has been working closely with sp to design and develop appropriate technologies to support emergency relief efforts and sustainable development projects at crises-stricken and rural areas , focusing on water and sanitation , food , shelter and clean energy .
food	nutrition champions the high point of the summit was the investiture of three illustrious nigerian citizens : the asagba of asaba , professor obi edozien ; the emir of argungu , alhaji samaila muhamadu meira ; and mrs maryam uwais as national nutrition champions to take the lead in advocating for improved nutrition in the country .
utils	flooding in jakarta led to the shutdown of a power plant in muara karang on sat , 2 feb. , a northern part of the city , by state-owned electric company perusahaan listrik negara ( pln ) .
food	meanwhile , the world bank notes that border closures are driving up food prices in the affected countries , and it is magnifying the “ wave of fear ” ( both domestically and internationally ) that threatens a short-term impact ranging between 2 and 3 percentage of gdp of sierra leone , guinea and liberia .
food	the relief aids supplied to the flood victims were rice , soya bean , potatoes , aluminium pots , edible oils , packets of instant noodle , clothes , bottled water , mineral salt packets , enamal wares , and packets of fried rice .
food	as violence surges across somalia @-@ and cereal production turns out to be lower than originally forecast @-@ unicef fears that 2008 could be the worst-ever year for somalia 's children .
food	as well , just this morning , pepsico hosted a breakfast symposium on undernutrition with leading experts from the gates foundation , save the children , gain and valid international , all sitting along side pepsi reseachers and discussing new approaches to address global child undernutrition .
terrorism	although sudan does not expect another us strike like the one in 1998 after bombings of us embassies in kenya and tanzania , sudanese officials are nonetheless cautious , added the news agency .
utils shelter	new healthcare facilities will include upgraded water and sanitation facilities , furniture , basic equipment , and infectious waste incinerators .
shelter	by the third week of june , the moegyo humanitarian foundation had provided more than $ 50,000 in relief assistance , most of which is helping to build temporary shelters , " budget huts " , with handy myanmar youth , a local volunteer group .
food	the objectives of the mission included assessing the impact of the current drought on food production and supply , to estimate cereal import requirements in 2000 @/@ 2001 marketing year including food aid and to estimate seed requirements for planting in the coming season .
shelter	on may 27 a massive earthquake struck the island of java , killing around 6,000 people , while hundreds of thousands of others were injured or made homeless .
evac	additionally , we extend our heartfelt sympathy to all disaster victims and the sufferers who have forced to evacuate as a result of the crisis at the fukushima nuclear power plant .
food	in the severely affected districts of gurjaani and telavi in the kakheti region , 70-90 % of the sunflower crop is lost , there is a lack of wheat seed , rain-fed maize is only good for fodder , the quantity and quality of rain-fed grapes is low and there is an insect infestation .
food	the packages include drinking water , pre-cooked rice , noodles , soymilk cartons , crackers , flashlights and other emergency essentials .
shelter	* approximately 1,150 houses have sustained category ii damage , meaning significant structural repairs .
shelter	last year , torrential rains triggered landslides in bududa district , killing 300 people and forcing thousands to abandon their homes in the mountainous villages of nametsi , kubehwo and namangasa .
shelter	around 6,000 people live in cramped concrete and corrugated zinc houses .
shelter	the most affected populations are poor people living in areas not designated for housing , such as squatter areas .
food	unicef recently donated 300 kilograms of unimix , the high-protein porridge , as well as essential medicines to local health authorities in establishing the center .
terrorism	karachi , june 13 ( afp ) @-@ a bomb injured three people wednesday as pakistan 's commercial hub of karachi was paralysed by a protest strike following a night of anti-government violence in which two people died .
food	commodities yet to be resourced to avoid a pipeline break include 61,000 tons of cereals , 7,000 tons of pulses , 7,000 tons of corn-soya milk , 3,500 tons of sugar and 3,000 tons of oil .
food	the agency urged all parties to the conflict to respect international humanitarian law and make all efforts to minimize civilian casualties , while ensuring that the flow of aid to famine zones is not affected .
food	almost every day , the clinic dispenses monthly rations of plumpy ’ sup , a peanut butter-based ready-to-eat paste packed with vitamins , minerals and other micronutrients specifically designed to treat moderately malnourished children under five — speeding the recovery of those afflicted as well as preventing the onset among those threatened .
shelter	unhcr in medan is in the process of undertaking a needs assessment before supplying additional tents , as well as other nfis such as stoves , plastic sheets , kitchen sets , hurricane lanterns and blankets .
utils	the world bank group funds have been providing support to more than 18,000 schools as they have reopened , including through ensuring cleaning and sanitizing of schools , building or repairing handwashing stations and water points in schools , and training teachers to use thermometers .
shelter	the rains , which broke 30 year records in mombassa , caused floods , landslides , washed away bridges and houses , damaged roads and disrupted water supplies .
food	jean harman | peace corps | for 50 years , peace corps volunteers have worked side by side with rural communities to promote sustainable agriculture and infant and young child nutrition .
evac	when a cyclone hits people are forced to move out to community shelters or to relatives ' homes , bringing with them only vital items such as blankets and food .
food	@-@ an easing of the living conditions of rural populations by enabling them to acquire staple foodstuffs at favourable ;
shelter	the jiangsu red cross is also distributing medicines and tents , of rmb 375,000 worth , to 5 most affected prefectures to help prevent outbreak of water-borne epidemics .
food	much of the population rely on milk production for important nutrients , but the lack of green fodder has drastically reduced this , and will exacerbate the chronic malnutrition and imbalance of diet .
food	the japan committee for unicef and unicef have also been helping distribute nutrition supplements with partners , a particular need as prolonged stays at evacuation centres are resulting in insufficient or unbalanced diets .
evac shelter	on tuesday the head of national disaster operations , bonventure wendo , said raging floods had forced thousands of people living in high-density slums in nairobi to move to higher grounds .
food	" with yesterday 's request from the government , and working in close co-operation with government agencies , we can immediately begin providing ready-to-eat foods for distribution to the victims . "
utils	cuttack and bhubaneswar experienced frequent power cuts starting from friday night with power distributor cesu snapping supply as a precautionary measure .
evac shelter	thousands have been evacuated , with 1,300 now in 43 temporary shelters across the island .
food	the current stock of dry skimmed milk will be finished during march 2005 .
evac	water conservation authorities have started to evacuate the residents living at the drainage area of the reservoirs to avoid further calamities .
utils	caritas internationalis is appealing for € 3,684,050 ( $ 5 million us ) to build water and sanitation facilities in a new refugee camp outside of dadaab , kenya , near the somali border .
food	therefore , we request all our supporters and friends to please consider donating for these emergency food relief aids for flood victims .
shelter	pakistan air force has delivered 1,63,000 kg of relief cargo including tents , blankets , dry ration , medicines in the disaster stricken muzaffarabad and adjacent areas during last six days . the relief activities was undertaken by various paf transport aircrafts that include y-12 , c-130 , casa and mi-17 helicopters .
utils	save the children has been working with volunteers to build sandbag walls and divert water away from homes , and is working to improve sanitation facilities in the communities .
shelter	rains in mozambique triggered flash floods in parts of malawi 's resort district of mangochi , destroying over 100 homes , district commissioner timothy chirwa told reuters by telephone .
utils	restoring basic municipal services such as waste management ( in the city of banda aceh ) ; and
food	@-@ agriculture : rice paddies completely lost : 67ha ; rice paddies affected 109ha , cornfields completely lost : 1,3ha ; damaged aquaculture farms : 1,22ha ; fish was washed away : 900kg ; areas of rice paddies with eroded land and completely lost : 8,2ha .
shelter	fifteen villages have been destroyed by molten lava flowing from mount nyiragongo and a third of the city of goma is reported to be on fire .
shelter	in the maldives the ifrc coordinated the construction of an entire community on dhuvaafaru an uninhabited island in the raa atoll .
utils	lds has received reports of damage to school roofs , clinics and toilets in their operational area , in addition to roads , bridges and electrical transformers , which has severely hampered communications .
utils	the state council also put emphasis on the efforts to restore hydropower facilities , saying priority should be given to the reconstruction and repair of reservoirs , dams , rural water supply systems , irrigation , hydrology and water resources .
shelter	the wildfires spread to the villages in the verkhnemamonovsky and levoberezhny districts near voronezh , destroying 129 and 85 houses , respectively .
food	( nairobi , 25 october , 2012 ) – as has been the tradition since 2002 , the un family for the 10 th time honored gudliye farm with the un in kenya award 2012 , for its outstanding effort to eradicate food insecurity through embracing modern dryland farming as an alternative means of livelihood in daadab , north eastern province , a predominantly dry area .
shelter	nearly 290,000 people around the country have been forced to seek shelter in relief camps , ndma said in figures published on its website .
shelter	the strong earthquake which shook the indian subcontinent on the morning of 26 january 2001 , india 's republic day , caused devastating damage in the western indian state of gujarat .
shelter	it 's a new concept for most of the people along the coastal belt who until the cyclone hit , had been living in mud houses with straw roofs .
utils	it added that a drop in hydropower supplies from the cahora bassa dam to south africa has meant that south africa must use more expensive electriciy from its thermal power stations .
utils	in south darfur , the icrc , through a contractor , continues to support the government-run sania deleba health clinics in nyala by expanding their examination rooms and renovating latrines .
terrorism	taliban and opposition soldiers also exchanged heavy gunfire in the eastern province of kunar , but fighting had scaled down since fierce clashes on monday , opposition sources said .
evac	in addition , ocha reports that more than 600,000 people have been evacuated while another 1 million remain stranded in flooded areas .
utils shelter	pwj will target 30 villages in ingapu township and plan to distribute equipment @/@ tools for cleaning and repairing damaged houses , repair and improve water @/@ sanitation facilities ( wells , latrines , water filtering systems , etc. ) , install ceramic water filters at schools , and repair and furnish school buildings .
shelter	many of the wounded evacuated to hospitals in quetta for emergency treatment , for instance , braved the chilly temperatures and slept outside hospital buildings .
utils	at the same time , i would like to thank the people for their proactive efforts to conserve electricity .
utils	in addition , malteser international will build 75 rain water harvesting tanks as well as 2.000 mosquito proof latrines and repair 100 sources on the island that have been destroyed during the disaster .
utils	in mogadishu , merca , and jowhar , the rains pose health hazards due to poor sanitation resulting from drainage mixing with garbages from cities and population centers .
food	efforts to ensure that food is available to poor households at a reasonable cost through subsidized cereal sales , cereal banks , food for work and cash for work are needed .
food	wfp increased the ration size for tieraliet ( aweil east conty ) to 50 % ration during the last distribution , given recent crop loss due to flooding .
utils	" the electricity and telephone cables were also affected and there has been nothing done to give relief to masses who were affected by the monsoon rains . "
food	at that time , many of the bdrcs branches in the affected districts had already started emergency food distribution from funds raised locally .
utils	in torit , hundreds of committed volunteers like martin are going house-to-house , distributing oral rehydration salts and soap and demonstrating how to take care of basic hygiene and use water purification tablets .
shelter	as displaced populations have gathered at monasteries , schoolhouses and other temporary shelters , many have brought with them cows , oxen , goats , pigs , buffalo and other farm animals .
utils	the permanent solution to avert this is underground power cabling , which exist in the developed countries like the us which is prone to hurricanes , " he said .
food	the five affected states are famous for livestock production @-@ having roughly 50 % of national poultry production and 40 % of pig production .
utils food shelter	and what we 've been doing with that money has basically been providing assistance to the flood-affected populations , which include food , nutrition programs , potable water and sanitation facilities , blankets , plastic sheeting to construct temporary shelters , as well as other relief commodities , logistical support , and other information services .
shelter	karachi , pakistan 's largest city , was hit by rains that resulted in floods that destroyed at least 500 homes ; most seriously tropical cyclone yemyin hit southern balochistan and another storm struck karachi , killing more than 230 people ; strong wind gusts brought down houses of many residents living in the city 's slums .
food	post harvest grain losses are assumed at 10 percent for wheat , maize and barley , and 7 percent for the more valuable rice .
terrorism	the members of the council reiterated their serious concern over the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the country , and expressed deep concern at the increased terrorist threat in the north due to the presence among the rebels of members of the terrorist group al-qaida in the islamic maghreb and extremist elements .
food	* food : tea , sugar , macaroni , canned beef , wheat flour , condensed milk ; * hygiene : detergent , laundry soap ; * bedding : bed linen , blankets ; * clothing : warm jackets , trousers , suits , felt boots ( for both adults and children ) .
evac shelter	china has said 5.47 million people were made homeless by the may 12 quake and more than 11 million people were expected to be housed in camps as areas rendered unlivable were evacuated .
shelter	but many more refugees are staying in temporary accommodation in and around the city , with thousands bunking down for months with host families or relatives in often heavily overcrowded homes .
utils	the quake also cut off power to the town of about 30,000 people and it was without lights after dark .
shelter	about 20 people , mostly women , rested in the shelter -- just a corrugated metal roof and orange tarpaulin .
food	stress migration of rural populations to the centres and supplementing food supplies with wild foods is still continuing .
shelter	surrounded by murky water , in 35 degree heat , there is no protection from the elements except a plastic sheet draped over a few meagre possessions saved from foul , rising flood waters : a wash basin , one chair , a bed mattress .
shelter	families are being housed in more than 600 temporary evacuation centres established by the government in 11 districts across the island .
shelter	more than 75,000 people died and another 3.5 million were rendered homeless when the 7.6-magnitude earthquake ripped through parts of northern pakistan and pakistani-administered kashmir on 8 october 2005 .
food	wfp will be among those watching carefully because climate is intimately connected to hunger and erratic weather threatens to make the poor even more vulnerable to it .
shelter	the 6.4-magnitude tremor hit balochistan early on the morning of october 29 , triggering landslides that instantly buried hundreds of homes .
utils	the ministry of trade and industry is directing efforts on troubleshooting damaged power distribution networks and providing electricity to installations such as water plants , hospitals , medical stations , and media and communication stations .
food shelter	" along with food and water , blankets and shelter are absolutely crucial , " explains rainer lang , " temperatures drop to 5 @-@ 7 celsius at night and without a house or your old clothes this gets very cold @-@ not least for small children and the elderly . "
utils food	@-@ worries of epidemic @-@ the new rainfall magnified the stench of death from animal carcasses , rotting vegetables and overflowing drains .
food	responding to the crisis in jijiga , care is tankering water to local and refugee communities , and will launch an emergency food distribution of 360 tons of maize over three months , starting the week of april 24 .
utils	the objective is to build 13,500 dry hygienic toilets in the two provinces and to develop community based health promotion activities in the villages supported through the programme .
food	save the children @/@ us ( sc @/@ us ) @-@ drought-related relief activities in a range of sectors , including health with a focus on maternal and child care ; winterization for idps ; and cash-for-work drought activities including well and kareze repair and digging ; and wheat seed distribution .
utils	the winds tore down trees and power lines , while the accompanying storm surge submerged countless villages .
utils food shelter	as reported by provincial authorities , 5 bridges , portions of a main road , water pipes , electric poles and 137 hectares of planted fields were damaged , while 230 families were affected due to damage to their houses .
shelter	geneva , nov 7 ( reuters ) @-@ the united nations and the global red cross @/@ red crescent said on monday urgent cash support from the outside world was vital to save thousands of lives as winter moves in on homeless survivors of the pakistan earthquake .
food shelter	families have appealed to government to assist them with tapelines for drying food , tents for providing emergency accommodations , mosquitoe nets , water purification , posho and beans to help them through the floods ordeal .
utils	more than 70 % of the thermo-electric power plant , which is a part of the refinery complex , has been destroyed .
utils	telephone and electricity connections have been cut off , leaving the inundated subdistrict virtually isolated .
shelter	officials said they would begin taking a census of people in camps on feb. 1 to determine who gets to move to barracks first , where there will be communal kitchens and schools .
shelter	colombo , sri lanka ( tuesday 3 rd april 2012 ) – the un refugee agency ( unhcr ) has stepped in with assistance , after strong winds hit a camp accommodating displaced civilians in sri lanka ’ s north over the weekend .
shelter	the authorities of benin , burkina-faso , the gambia , ghana , mali , mauritania , niger and senegal have provided initial emergency aid as well as shelter for the homeless , to the extent possible , in schools and vacant buildings .
utils	the country , which decided last year to abandon nuclear power , was forced to bring several reactors back on line to deal with the peak in electricity demand , the daily handelsblatt reported .
utils	residents of tbilisi generally have electricity only for five hours a day , and lack water and telephone communications whenever the energy is switched off , the protesters said .
food	the assistance should focus on the distribution of bean seeds and cassava cuttings , restocking of animals and distribution of veterinary drugs .
evac	typhoon ewiniar , which prompted evacuations of cities along china 's eastern seaboard on saturday , missed china altogether , weakened into a tropical storm and rolled into south korea .
food shelter	rome @-@ with historic floods from the mekong and tonle sap rivers destroying thousands of homes and nearly 220,000 hectares of the rice crop in cambodia , the united nations world food programme announced today that it plans to deliver emergency food aid to some 500,000 people .
utils shelter	concerning recommendations on water , most households in the seychelles received treated water from the public utility companies main supply , however during periods of inadequate rain fall , the public utility companies increased supply through desalination plants and draft plans to maximize the country ’ s use of water resources .
terrorism	aside from its battles against homegrown taliban , pakistan is under intense american pressure to tackle afghan taliban fighters who cross the border into pakistan 's lawless tribal areas to attack u.s. -led nato troops .
shelter	like all the other people benefiting from the programme , muzakir 's and laila 's houses were swept away by the giant waves .
food	oxfam and world vision have already started distributions of plastic sheeting , tinned foods , and water carriers .
food shelter	heavy rainfalls in northern togo have washed away a significant portion of cultivated land , over 30,000 houses have been destroyed , as well as 6 dams .
evac shelter	" since several areas will remain flooded till monsoon rains taper off by the next month , it is a big challenge to provide tents and rehabilitate the evacuated people , " he added .
food	we went to sogon , driving for about two hours to get there , and we saw extensive examples of flooding as we went down , with widespread inundation of arable lands which , of course , creates concerns as regards the long-term food implications .
food	vitamins and mineral salts are added to this to produce a balanced food which responds to known nutritional deficiencies .
shelter	when a cyclone hits people are forced to move out to community shelters or to relatives ' homes , bringing with them only vital items such as blankets and food .
shelter	at least five people were swept away by surging rivers and hundreds of houses collapsed in overnight storms .
food	the largest concentrations of food insecure and highly vulnerable people are found in the central and southern maize-based farming areas , whereas more moderate levels of food insecurity were found in the northern provinces , where cassava is the main staple crop .
food	china has pledged to speed its reconstruction in the farming sector in effort to step up preparation for spring farm work and to ensure farm products supply this year .
food	( a ) wfp and save the children ( us ) plan to start a six-month emergency intervention programme in the coastal areas of northeastern nampula province , to provide corn-soya blend supplement for pregnant and lactating women and children under five years of age , affected by drought and cassava brown streak disease .
food	the rainfed wheat production in 2001 is estimated to be about 40 percent less than even last year 's extremely low output .
food	( b ) household stocks of alternative foods , such as wild edible grass , etc , collected before the onset of winter , have run out in most areas .
shelter	india plans to build hundreds of homes , roads and government buildings washed away around campbell bay , site of a naval base , but so far , it has repaved just a sixth of a 35-kilometre ( 21-mile ) tsunami-wrecked highway that leads to shompen territory .
utils shelter	in addition to the damaged or destroyed housing , power lines are down and over 100 households have been left without electricity * and the inclement weather continues .
terrorism	as boko haram continues its territorial expansion in northeastern nigeria , it will need more operational and logistical resources , meaning that the group ’ s use of urban guerrilla warfare is a trend that is also likely to increase .
evac	he also plans to travel to mopti , a town some 450 kilometres north-east of the capital bamako , where he will meet with displaced people and civil society groups which have had access to , or fled from , the crisis-stricken northern regions and some of its worst-hit towns such as timbuktu and gao .
shelter	in addition to distributing hygiene kits , blankets , tarpaulins , kitchen sets , and tents , care mobilized 310 households to help clean up debris -- actions that enabled community members to set up temporary dwellings and tents .
shelter	maputo , feb 7 ( reuters ) @-@ floods in mozambique have killed 29 people and wrecked thousands of homes after torrential rain and hurricanes swept through the country in the past two weeks , the government said on wednesday .
terrorism	however , sri lanka had successfully defeated one of the most ruthless terrorist organizations , rescuing almost 300,000 civilians held hostage , and providing large-scale humanitarian aid .
evac food shelter	families who fled to makeshift camps were forced to scavenge for scarce food in conditions that aid agencies warned would expose thousands to outbreaks of disease .
utils	the pumping of contaminated water from the basement floor of unit 1 's turbine building into its main condenser is in progress , whereas at unit 2 that process has not begun because the steam condenser is full .
terrorism	" the gunmen arrived around 7 : 30 pm ( 1830 gmt ) , firing guns and shouting ' allahu akbar ! '
evac	american military helicopters have flown over 600 hundred sorties delivering almost two million pounds of relief supplies to the disaster area and evacuating thousands of people needing immediate medical attention .
food	by abdimalik hajir hunger stricken families in garissa county are desperately appealing for relief food , water and medical services from the government and the international aid agencies as drought intensifies and the expected short rains delayed .
food	food price rises have been fuelled by the most meagre annual rainfall last year since 1972 that hurt crop output in the country of nearly 1.2 billion people .
utils	the criss-crossing and close proximity of ht cables on the rivers hampered winching operations .
shelter	the international organisation for migration ( iom ) is spearheading efforts to make sure everyone has some kind of warm shelter , even if it is just a winterised tent or a corner of a makeshift lean-to .
shelter	preparations and calculations were then made to provide thatched roofing to the 1,000 most affected families who needed to rebuild the homes .
shelter	nigeria experienced severe flooding last year that affected around half a million people in two-thirds of its 36 states the neighbouring nation of benin was also hard hit by flooding in 2010 , with 55,000 homes destroyed and at least 680,000 people affected .
food	“ the findings attributed the poor harvest to unpredictable rainfall patterns as the rains which were less than normal and sparsely distributed started late and ended early , ” she noted .
utils food	usaid @/@ ofda continues to address needs in water and sanitation , coordination , nutrition , and health , particularly preparing for outbreaks of endemic and opportunistic diseases .
utils	britain is supporting the government of pakistan 's efforts to provide safe drinking water , hygiene kits , toilets , sewage clearance and waste removal .
food	the wfp rapid assessments and cfsam indicate 863,000 and 965,000 persons ( 12 % and 13 % of burundi population ) , respectively as vulnerably in need of food and nonfood emergency assistance .
shelter	the remaining usd 75 million provided under the terp phase two will be utilized for the construction of houses , improvement of infrastructure and the rebuilding of livelihoods in the form of grants ( usd 30 million ) and concessional loans ( usd 45 million ) .
utils food	these families are suffering from food shortages , a lack of clean drinking water and extremely poor sanitary conditions .
shelter	families have resorted to creating temporary shelters made from whatever can be salvaged from the rubble , but these flimsy shelters aren ’ t enough to protect people from the harsh weather bearing down on nepal .
utils	he said that wapda has also been directed to immediately restore electricity supply in the affected areas .
food	treated 305 cases of severe malnourishment .
shelter	typhoon morakot slammed into taiwan on august 8 , dumping more than three metres ( 120 inches ) of rain that unleashed floods and mudslides which tore through houses and buildings , ripped up roads and smashed bridges .
evac	the local maritime department dispatched a group of ships to help about 6,800 stranded passengers evacuate via water routes .
food	hundreds of angolan families in dozens of villages are facing serious food shortages for months to come after flooding and hail storms wrecked essential crops .
utils	through monthly contributions , the committee also supports latrine construction and raises funds for the repair of boreholes , and it conducts house-to-house visits to ensure homes have the proper sanitation and hygiene facilities , with female washcom members talking to women on personal hygiene .
utils	moreover , a 1-billion-thb emergency budget has been set aside by the bma in order to be spent on improving the drainage system and dredging canals in the capital .
food	" australia will send urgent assistance to mongolia to counter the onset of widespread food shortages after mongolia experienced one of its harshest winters in recent history , " senator patterson announced today .
evac	the u.n. refugee agency plans to return 400,000 displaced afghans this year , but high levels of rehabilitation aid and development assistance for afghanistan and the interim authority remain vital for the operation , as well as continued improvement in the security situation .
food	lutheran world relief is channeling funds through the action by churches together ( act ) network to act member organisations in indonesia that have begun to assist survivors with medical care and food .
shelter	i live here like a homeless person , " said melia prihatiningsih , who recently gave birth to a baby girl at the camp .
shelter	" they will clear broken trees and rubbish from their villages and from the access roads to their villages , clean up the ponds and wells , and help each other clear away tons of mud where their adobe houses once stood , " tidwell explains .
evac	he was working in a hotel on the beach when the tsunami hit , and saved many lives by directing tourists upstairs to higher floors .
food	masimba tarifenyika , editor-in-chief at africa renewal , a un online magazine focusing on africa , writes that autocracy and dependency on aid killed the scheme , and that “ while foreign aid is critical in feeding the hungry and reviving agriculture in africa , food security is too important to be left to the generosity of external partners . ”
evac	water levels in the low lying areas of srinagar have gone down but fresh rain could make matters worse as boats are being kept ready to evacuate residents if required .
utils	by mid-2012 , oxfam engineers have : @-@ repaired three watering troughs , @-@ built a new tap stand , @-@ repaired broken pipes , @-@ constructed a new drainage pathway to reduce the amount of dirt .
utils	it is planning to give substantial cash grants to vulnerable families and rehabilitate water and sanitation facilities .
terrorism	the commission is concerned by the continuous occupation of the north of mali by terrorist groups such as al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) , ansar dine and the movement for unity and jihad in west africa ( mujao ) , which commit massive human rights violations with impunity against civilian populations .
utils	the floods severely damaged the water system , electrical infrastructure , and access roads in the oro provincial capital of popondetta , affecting an estimated 20,000 people .
food	save the children is distributing warm clothing , bedding , candles , water containers and thermoses , and flour to children and their families in the districts of khuroson , sarband , kolkhozobod and jomi .
evac	in august 2013 , five people were killed and hundreds evacuated when a volcano on a small island in east nusa tenggara province erupted .
food	in malawi , 20,000 moderately malnourished children have been supported through a supplementary feeding programme whilst 1,230 severely malnourished children are cared for in 27 nutrition rehabilitation centers , supported by unicef .
evac	with five helicopters including four german heavy-lift ch-53 stallions , and one medevac chopper from luxembourg , nato 's air operation has delivered tons of aid to remote mountain villages while evacuating hundreds of sick and injured people .
shelter	nepal has been worst hit , with 105 people confirmed dead after torrential rain triggered landslides and flooding , devastating entire villages in what the country 's prime minister termed a " national tragedy " .
evac	rescuers had managed to take all the students out on lifeboats by 4 : 30 p. m and those who could not return home were taken to hotels , said shi fang , the school 's president .
food	food stocks are buried in collapsed buildings and the death toll among livestock has yet to be assessed .
utils	" we have more than 1,000 oil workers checking and repairing wells around the clock , " liu was quoted as saying .
food	*rising therapeutic feeding centre admissions highlight growing urgency of situation in one of sahel 's driest , most remote areas* by celeste hicks fatouma bashir has travelled for miles in the searing heat to bring her eight-month-old son , ismael , to a feeding centre in the town of mao , in one of the driest and most isolated regions of chad .
food	long-term measures , he said , included research on identifying the causal organism , updating the early warning system and instituting a rapid response mechanism , developing disease-resistant seed and the screening of a wide range of maize germplasm to identify resistance or tolerance to the disease across different agro-ecological zones .
terrorism	28 : declaring it will continue supporting us attacks against terrorists , britain announced it is withdrawing its ambassador and other diplomats from sudan following the american bombing of a suspected chemical weapons plant there .
food	the project was funded to the tune of kshs13.8 million by the foundation and implemented by krcs with an aim of improving food security through increased access to safe water for irrigated farming and domestic needs .
food	drivers transporting food and other goods from gao to agelhouk said they each pay a total of 120,000 cfa ( $ 200 ) at eight checkpoints controlled by several different armed groups and one state-backed militia .
food	loans of about 4,500 tons of maize meal from wfp cote d ' ivoire and of 475 tons of bulgur wheat from catholic relief services ( crs ) in liberia will help meet some of the cereal requirements for august and september .
food	" obviously getting food and nutritious snacks and vitamins and minerals out to the population is one of the key concerns that we 're facing at the moment " .
evac	in the himalayan nation of nepal , thousands of villagers were moved to safety on monday after a river in the southeast breached a dam and inundated huge swathes of crop land , police said .
shelter	workers are also preparing to purchase large quantities of tin in order to repair some of the hundreds of homes damaged by the storms .
food	the floods have caused substantial damage to crops and infrastructure : $ 300 million worth of rice crops destroyed , 9,160 km of roads damaged , over 6,500 bridges and culverts washed away and 1,800 schools being affected , according to the central control room of the ministry of disaster management and relief .
food	in light of needs in disaster-stricken areas , the government of the rok intends to transport to japan 480 tons ( 240,000 bottles ) of natural mineral water , 21 tons ( 100,000 pouches ) of boiled rice and 225 kg of korean seasoned laver .
food	@-@ some 82 percent of niger 's population relies on subsistence farming and cattle rearing , while only 15 percent of the land is suitable for arable farming .
shelter	the shelters also include gutters for the harvesting of rainwater and a mezzanine floor @-@ both elements that were suggested by women during the consultation stage .
terrorism evac	The Malian officials state that there are no longer hostages of Islamist militants at Radisson Hotel. However, it is not well clarified if Malian security forces managed to get rid of all attackers of the Hotel in Capital city Bamako, the hotel used to accommodate foreigners mostly from the western world. The previous information stated that gunmen took 170 hostages. And the reports say that almost 80 among them were released before, while other stories say that the attackers of the hotel killed 3 people
utils shelter	Rain kills 20 people in Gakenke, Kigali-Musanze road blocked by land sliding The last night rains has killed more than 20 people in Gakenke District (numberls likely to increase) and caused land sliding which has blocked Kigali-Musanze main road in different areas in the District
utils	A tweet by the Ministry of Local Government says: Following too much rain in the North and caused disaster, Nyabarongo valley is currently flooded. Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it
shelter	Unusual rain caused disaster which killed people, destroyed people's houses, destroyed infrastructure including roads, hydroelectricity turbines as well as vegetation in the night of 7[th] to 8[th] May 2016. Districts that are severely struck are Gakenke and Muhanga. However, Rubavu and Ngororero were also struck by disaster that killed people
shelter	Districts that are severely struck are Gakenke and Muhanga. However, Rubavu and Ngororero were also struck by disaster that killed people. These disasters killed over 49 people (34 in Gakenke, 8 in Muhanga, 3 in Ngororero and 4 in Rubavu) while injuring 26 and destroying 500 houses and houses including Kigali-Musanze highway and other local roads that were blocked by landslide
utils shelter	Kigali-Muhanga highway is blocked. The road from Muhanga to Ngororero is also blocked at Cyome point after landslide fell over it. The highway from Kigali to Muhanga has been flooded by Nyabarongo River near Ruliba Clay factory on the border between Nyarugenge and Kamonyi
utils	Nyabarongo Floods Stopped Traffic To and From the South The highway from Kigali to theSouth and West via Kamonyi and Muhanga, and the one from Kigali to the North and West via Musanze were blocked following unusual rain that struck the North and West of Rwanda.
evac	Burundians Refugees in Rwanda Are Going Back and Forth Visits: 8772 Comments: 0
evac	Ntawukuriryayo said that there is a small number in refugee camps who requested going back to their country, and emphasized that it is a refugee right to go back to their country. In the meantime, about 60 Burundians were welcomed in Rwanda this week on Tuesday 28 June 2015 in a transitory camp of Bugesera, and 40 were welcomed in Mahama, 8 were welcomed in Nyanza while about 428 more chose not to join refugee camps but to remain in the city of Kigali as said by Midimar. Some of the Burundian refugees in Mahama refugee camp in Kireh
shelter	Rubavu: People Whose Houses Were Destroyed by Rain Allegedly Forsaken by the District Visits : 2012 Comments: 3 0
shelter	Gakenke: 1,000 Families Left Empty-Handed by Disasters Were Provided with 45,000 Sheet Metals Visits : 598 Comments: 0
food	The Prime Minister said that so far agriculture in Rwanda is faced with challenges including droughts causing fail of harvest, and referred to an issue of famine observed in sectors of Eastern Province. He said, "In Eastern Province, drought has bad effects on agriculture in some sectors, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza and Kirehe districts, but there are some other sectors that are obviously starving. He went on saying that the government has started to fight against the issue and adopted strategies so that it may never happen again
food	This training brings together 1,001 people including agronomists, veterinarians and representatives of agricultural cooperatives from all around the nation, where they examined together how to boost agricultural output. The Prime Minister said that so far agriculture in Rwanda is faced with challenges including droughts causing fail of harvest, and referred to an issue of famine observed in sectors of Eastern Province. He said, "In Eastern Province, drought has bad effects on agriculture in some sectors, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza and Kirehe districts, but there are some other sectors that are obviously starving
evac food	Nyagatare: Some Flee to Uganda Following Famine Nyagatare district usually suffers drought, which caused some people in Musheri sector to flee to Uganda to earn a living. However, some people say that those who flee are not residents there but sojourners
food	Nyagatare: Some Flee to Uganda Following Famine Nyagatare district usually suffers drought, which caused some people in Musheri sector to flee to Uganda to earn a living
food	For others who have obvious issues of water, there is a truck that brings water to them and is paid by the district. Nzabarantumye Mouhamed from Matimba sector says that going to Uganda is normal, but as of now it is serious since some of those who live nearby the border of Kagitumba go to beg there and come back to Rwanda in the evening. He explains it thus, "We are concerned with the issue too as people because Rwanda's reputation is being disreputed
shelter	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people
shelter	Rwanda Meteorological Center also called for immediate action following extreme rain that is scheduled nowadays. In Ngororero district of Western Province, Gatumba sector, one (1) person had died while Muhororo sector lost four (4). Patrick Uwihoreye, executive secretary of Gatumba sector told UMUSEKE that they counted 21 houses that were destroyed by extreme rain and landslide as well as by car accidents time after time
shelter	Rain Killed 49 While Injuring 26 in Districts of Gakenke, Rubavu... The ministry of disaster management and refugee affairs said on this Saturday and Sunday rain killed 49 people, injured 26 and destroyed infrastructure in Gakenke, Ngororero, Rubavu and Muhanga districts; emergency rescue is reportedly going on for injured people. Rain damaged Kigali Musanze Rubavu highway due to landslid
utils food shelter	Over 8,500 Burundian refugees keep coming to Rwanda, and some of them are leading difficult life condition in camps where they are hosted in Rwanda. Burundians who come to Rwanda are hosted in different refugee camps, but those we visited in the afternoon of April 20 in a transitory camp located in Gashora sector, district, indicated that their life condition is difficult in terms of food, accommodation and toilets which are still insufficient. They have porridge in the morning and only eat in the evening
food shelter	The camp is located at 40 kilometers from the border between Rwanda and Burundi, and the international law says that refugee do not live near their country of origin. The Rwandan government plans to move them to Kirehe district, especially because they resisted from their leaders' encouragement to return back home. The camp management shows that based on shortage of firewood in Bugesera refugees are given cooked food because it would be difficult for them to cook once given raw food
food	Kirehe: 3,500 Families Receive Food Relief Following Drought Drought has affected one part of eastern province and caused some people to be provided with food relief. (Photo/Courtesy
food	Kirehe: 3,500 Families Receive Food Relief Following Drought Drought has affected one part of eastern province and caused some people to be provided with food relief
food	Normally, in Kinyarwanda drought is when there is extreme sunshine that dries crops and vegetation, while famine is scarcity of food. In districts of Nyagatare and Kayonza, drought dried crops and there is scarcity of food until the government provides food relief for those who suffered more than others. Mukabunani Christine, the representative of political parties in Rwanda and charperson of PS Imberakuri on the occasion of the 6[th] congress of PL on this Sunday of July 31, 2016, she said that she does not understand how people say that there is drought without famine
shelter	At least 49 people have reportedly died of floods and landslide following extreme rain in the night of this Sunday May 8, 2016 in different areas of the country. 34 people who died are from Gakenke district in northern province of the country, eight from Muhanga, four from Rubavu and three from Ngororero districts. 26 others were injured and are now being taken care of in different hospitals, while over 500 houses were destroyed leaving hundreds of people homeless
utils evac shelter	Rubavu: Over 900 Houses Now Uninhabitable Following Severe Rain 926 houses from Nyundo, Rugerero and Kanama sectors of Rubavu district in the western province are now uninhabitable after 26 were destroyed by Sebeya floods while others were swept over, and 900 more are filled with water which caused the government to order their owners to leave them temporarily. Now some people who were affected by these disasters were hosted by their neighbors, however the governor of western province Munyantwari Alfonse said that on this Monday they will start to provide affected people with basic relief
utils	Rubavu: Over 900 Houses Now Uninhabitable Following Severe Rain 926 houses from Nyundo, Rugerero and Kanama sectors of Rubavu district in the western province are now uninhabitable after 26 were destroyed by Sebeya floods while others were swept over, and 900 more are filled with water which caused the government to order their owners to leave them temporarily
shelter	Nyabarongo Overflowed Flooding Kigali-Muhanga Highway and Stopping the Traffic.PICTURES Nyabarongo floods are due to extreme rain of the night of May 9, 2016 which followed the one that killed many in northern province in the night of Saturday to Sunday May 8, 2016 resulting in disasters in that province which took up to 49 lives while leaving about 500 families empty-handed and others in hospitals. Following this extreme rain, many people mostly those travelling to different provinces stopped their travels due to Kigali - Muhanga highway which has been flooded by water, while Kigali-Musanze one was put out of use following landslide that blocked it at Cyome
shelter	IP Gasasira also told us that people travelling to Kigali city who can are going through Muhanga district while the highway is temporarily out of use to be well renovated. Severe rain usually strikes parts of the Northern Province, where it also rained in Musanze district and destroyed 37 houses while killing small domestic animals in the night of April 18, 2016
shelter	This landslide is due to severe rain in this district from three in the morning until now. According to local reports, this rain struck Gakenke, Mugunga dna Mataba sectors which all are of this district. The leadership of Gakenke district said that Gakenke sector lost 16 people due to this rain, Mataba lost nine while Mugunga lost one; Coko lost two, Minazi and Muyongwe lost three each
shelter	Rwandans who were deported from Tanzania now live in Mayange Sector in Bugesera District and say that they are living well. 5 years ago, the government of Tanzania decided to deport Rwandan refugees who the government claims lived there illegally
utils food shelter	Gicumbi District assisted victims of the catastrophes that occurred in Gakenke On this Sunday, June 5[th], 2016, the Mayor of Gicumbi District, the Vice Mayor in charge of Social Affairs, the District Council and other District Authorities, Private Sector and Civil Society representative, and the National Women Council District representative visited 60 families consisting of 225 people who were displaced by heavy rain on the night of Saturday May 7, 2016. They live in the MINAZI Transit Centre. Those who are not in Transit Centres are staying with their friends who were not affected
food	Gicumbi District assisted victims of the catastrophes that occurred in Gakenke On this Sunday, June 5[th], 2016, the Mayor of Gicumbi District, the Vice Mayor in charge of Social Affairs, the District Council and other District Authorities, Private Sector and Civil Society representative, and the National Women Council District representative visited 60 families consisting of 225 people who were displaced by heavy rain on the night of Saturday May 7, 2016. They live in the MINAZI Transit Centre
evac food shelter	Ministers Kaboneka and Mukantabana comforted people affected by natural disasters. On Wednesday 05/18, accompanied by Stella Ford Mugabo, Minister of Cabinet Affairs, they visited this District and were welcomed by Caritas Mukandasira, governor of Western Province, commanders of army and police, executive committee of the District and many joyful residents
food	The Governor of Northern Province asked the authorities that attended the meeting to bolster agriculture and animal husbandry http://t.co/lSNYk3eA6
terrorism	Belgium: A Rwandan among terror attacks that took people's lives
terrorism	Kamonyi: Up to 4 people are accused of genocide ideology
shelter	Musanze: Extreme rain from volcanoes caused a lot of damage.
terrorism	In this meeting strategies were adopted to fight against extremism and terrorism, promoting cleanliness and fighting kanyanga liquor
food	Kayonza: People suffering drought are being helped to overcome it #Rwanda
shelter	Kigali: A house ablaze in Muhima immediately killing 2 children
terrorism	Boko Haram released 82 of the girls it kidnapped.
shelter	Kamonyi: Local man's house set ablaze to ashes
terrorism	The suspect in terrorist attack that killed people in Spain was shot dead
shelter	Unusual thunderstorm destroyed 126 houses in Rusizi district, took away school roofs, and damaged 22ha of crop
shelter	Kamonyi: House demolition goes on, some people hit by outside
shelter	Governor @gatjmv requests those still living in Kisangani to come back home and join other Rwandans in rebuilding Rwanda...
food	JEAN NEPO MPORAMUSANGA: "We see it coming and keep quiet. Kagame's grudge has no end
food	Belgium agreed to contribute 1.5 million Euros through World Food Program, n...
utils	RT @reg_rwanda: Today in @BureraDistrict, more than 200 Tangata households in Rwerere Sector received electricity. ..
shelter	RT @Umuseke: 2/2: 256 houses were damaged and 38 houses were completely destroyed. 328 hectares of crops were damaged, 14 livestock died, two bridges were damaged..
shelter	Karongi: A hill collapsed and destroyed people's houses #Rwanda
food	Food relief was given to citizens who suffered floods in Buterere...
food	0Share The ministry of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry in announces that some people in Rwanda are suffering drought but denies that what it is being said about those who are fleeing to Uganda following famine is true because they might have gone to look for job as usual. This was announced by Minister Mukeshimana Geraldine in a press conference on this Monday 11 July 2016
food	She said It is for the first time in 60 to suffer such a drought in some parts of Africa including Rwanda. In July and August they were talking about El Nino and as we talk it is not only Africa because South Africa is importing food from abroad, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Angola and Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia it is even worse; until here in Rwanda. Days ago, izubarirashe.rw visited people from Musheri sector in Nyagatare district, eastern province where people were suffering famine so much that they needed immediate relief
food	In July and August they were talking about El Nino and as we talk it is not only Africa because South Africa is importing food from abroad, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Angola and Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia it is even worse; until here in Rwanda. Days ago, izubarirashe.rw visited people from Musheri sector in Nyagatare district, eastern province where people were suffering famine so much that they needed immediate relief. Some people we found their houses closed and headed to Uganda to earn a living because they mostly saw that they are not producing crops for eating
food	People of this Province are escaping from this famine to Uganda. This famine ravages not only the Eastern Province but also the rest of the country and everyone who is in Rwanda notices it. RPF says the drought period that characterized Eastern Province, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza, Kirehe and Rwinkwavu areas, is the cause of this famine. The same famine is in the lowland of Southern Province in Nyanza, Ruhango and Kamonyi, normally known as cassava producers but, have recently experienced cassava virus
food	Rwanda : Drought is ravaging Eastern Province. People of this Province are escaping from this famine to Uganda
food	This famine ravages not only the Eastern Province but also the rest of the country and everyone who is in Rwanda notices it. RPF says the drought period that characterized Eastern Province, especially in Nyagatare, Kayonza, Kirehe and Rwinkwavu areas, is the cause of this famine. The same famine is in the lowland of Southern Province in Nyanza, Ruhango and Kamonyi, normally known as cassava producers but, have recently experienced cassava virus. Some people from these Districts are moving to neighboring countries, searching for a way of life, while others stay there because they have no means
evac food	ANNOUNCEMENT: WE CONDEMN KILLINGS COMMITTED BY THE BLOODTHIRSTY CIRCLE OF THE DICTATOR PAUL KAGAME AGAINST BANYAMULENGE TUTSI REFUGEES WITHIN KIZIBA CAMP. The announcement by the government of Rwanda operating in Diaspora No 2018/02/00
terrorism evac shelter	Government didn't do what Gota did in Hambantota. Although during the Rajapaksa regime, former Defense Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, had taken steps to remove people who have been living in Kompanyaweediya for decades by- force from their homes within 24 hours, the current government has not done anything like that in Hambantota, says Mujibur Rahman, MP. Mujibar Rahumann said that the Rajapaksas took steps to expel families with children within 24 hours by using the army and the police and destroyed the houses to the ground and transferred those lands to foreign companies. He said when those families were expelled without even giving the children the time to take out their books from their homes
evac	As a result of the fire in the Kumara Veediya, 9 containers of leather goods are destroyed from the fire in Kumara Veediy
shelter	2 died, 11 injured, and 71 arrested in relation to Kandy riot. (Tharindu Jayawardane and Indika Ramanayake
shelter	The police has released today the report regarding the incidents that occurred in Kandy district in areas, such as Teldeniya, Menikhinna, Digana, and Akurana. The report was released in a press conference held at the Police Headquarters today with the presence of Director General of Government Information Department Sudarshana Gunawardena, Police Media Spokesman Ruwan Gunasekera, and Military Spokesman Brigadier Sumith Athapaththu The Police Media Spokesman stated that on the night of March 05[th], a shop and a house in the Pallekele police division had been set on fire and that a 26-year-old youth was found dead inside the house. The postmortem report has revealed the cause of the death as inhaling poisonous smoke, he further added. The Police Media Spokesman further stated that a person was killed by exploding an armed grenade on his way to Mullegama in the Pujapitiya police division to carry out a violent activity. He further said that the safety pin of the grenade was found somewhere near to the dead person's body and that he was 28-year old
food	Facebook friends in cooperation with train passenger's society of Good Friend have held a program called children will have a smile once again on the 30th in order to provide school supplies, including lost books, to school children who were affected by floods. They are requesting all passengers who travel on coming 30[th] (Monday) to Colombo from different part of Sri Lanka to hand over school supplies as much as possible. The organizing committee of this social service requests the passenger's to bring at least a book, pen, pencil, color box, geometry box, water bottle, school bag, or a story book used by their children
shelter	Floods in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka Reports say that eight killed, including an infant, and three more are missing due to the severe weather conditions that has prevailed in fourteen districts throughout Sri Lanka
food shelter	Fourteen districts throughout the country under floods One killed, three missing, and 4960 displaced in Ratnapura district. Meanwhile, the Director of the National Building Research Institute M. Bandara asked people to be cautious about changes that occur in their area soil. He further stated that there is risk of landslides across nine districts in the country
evac	Parliament too is in danger of flooding Defense Secretary Dr. Karunasena Hettiarachchi says that since there is a flood threat to the Parliament located in Shri Jayawardanepura Kotte, attempts to control the water level in the Diyawanna Oya by placing sandbags are in progress. He further added that security forces have been deployed throughout the country to provide relief to the affected
evac food	Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd] , 2016 Flood relief missions by the Sri Lanka Air Force on May 22[nd], 2016. 2016-05-25 10:09:52 The Sri Lanka Air Force continues on rescue missions to save flood affected people and distribute relief. Bell 212 Helicopters had conducted search operations at 0600 hours. Since May 16[th] 2016, Sri Lanka Air Force had conducted missions to rescue people, distribution of aid and search through four B200 operations, Bell 412 two helicopter missions, twenty five Bell 212 missions and eleven MI 17 helicopter missions
shelter	Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster in May 2016 Post -Disaster Needs Assessment Report on flood and landslide disaster - May 2016. In May 2016, the heaviest rainfall for 18 years was experienced in certain areas in Sri Lanka and due to that, a severe flood situation occurred in 24 districts and the worst recorded landslides had occurred. As a result of these disasters, it was recorded that 493,319 persons were displaced, 93 died, 33 were injured and 117 persons went on missing
utils evac food shelter	(SBS Sinhala / Documentary) Natural disasters such as floods and cyclones have originated in several counties in Australia at present. Thus SBS Sinhala, decided to put forward a note of following protective steps and preliminary methods to be taken at such a situation
food	One million Euro humanitarian aid from Germany ..From Germany to the people of Sri Lanka who got affected by the floods and landslides...
shelter	Taking the advantage of the situation.... when the flood has destroyed the houses, when landslides have buried entire villages...
utils	Dengue Prevention National Program again - Minister Rajith
shelter	Twenty one homes damaged at Nuwara Eliya by strong winds
evac	Moragahakanda a water level goes pass 115,000 acre feet
terrorism	Blast in Syria: `Missile attack from Israel"
terrorism	Manchester blast: `Several dead'.
terrorism	Bomb disposal unit to Manchester area.
evac	Floods and landslides caused many casualties ?
evac shelter	Due to the bad weather 91-die 110- missing 53000-displaced, Kelany River flood aler
evac	A vast area of low-lands flooded due to overflowing of Kelani river
shelter	Floods and earth slips: Is the reason destruction of nature?
evac	A young priest being taken across floods (PHOTO)
evac shelter	Floods and earth slips : More than a hundred thousand people in Galle affected by floods.
utils	Floods and earth slips: Sixteen students of Sabaragamuwa lost their lives.
shelter	Floods and landslides: 9,354 houses destroyed.. Floods and landslides
utils	Here are the aids received from Australia to overcome floods (Photos)
shelter	Daham comes forward to grant a house to flood-affected Devmini (Video/Photos)
terrorism	A massive Cyber attack on several countries
utils shelter	"People in the area hit by landslide will be resettled soon "
utils	A tax on Western Province to eradicate dengue
utils	Relief for debted-customers affected by floods
shelter	Aids for 600 families displaced by floods
evac	Irma cyclone: relief missions commences in Florida..
terrorism	Blast in the London underground: one suspect in custody..
shelter	Rohingya refugees: Buddhist priests protest..
terrorism	A mad person who had killed fifty nine in the Las Vegas attack yesterday (video) fifty nine people being dead ...
food shelter	Aids given for 1000 families affected by floods in Elpitiya
utils	The storm is out of Sri Lanka: The death toll rises
utils	Adverse weather for Dickwella - Hiniduma
shelter	7 killed, 23 injured due to adverse weather
utils	Moragahakanda prepares to generate electricity
terrorism	Details of the New York bomber revealed.
shelter	Two thousand displaced by floods in Italy
evac	Taiwan earth quake of 6.4 on Richter Scale...
evac	Earthquake that affected Mexico - VIDEO
terrorism	An announcement from the Army headquarters about the explosion in the bus - two soldiers serious.. (UPDATE) (PHOTOS)...
terrorism	Regarding the explosion at Kahagolla area in Diyathalawa, from the Superintendant of Police at Bandarawela ..
terrorism	Grenade exploded when trying to put it from the pocket to the bag. Leg of the soldier who brought the bomb had his leg amputated Diyatalawa bus bomb.. Update hand grenade ...
terrorism	True story of the article on LTTE taking responsibility for the bomb blasted inside the bus.
shelter	Sixty houses built for people affected by landslide of Samasara mountain has still not been handed over
evac	Next 36 hours critical - Red notices to fishermen and Navy personnel
evac	Engaging in fisheries activities in the next forty eight hours in Mannar, Colombo, Galle and Hambantota through to Potuwil in the sea areas....
shelter	" At first one lakh , later another four lakh " government compensation to restore damaged businesses, houses, and religious places , given...
evac	Flood threat to Matara. Warning to residents in the Nilwala valle
evac shelter	50 families evacuated due to a warning of landslides in Bibile...
terrorism	Bomb blast at Texas County
shelter	Phase one compensation for 131 houses and business places which were damaged due to riots that occurred in Kandy...
utils	Dengue spreads due to a swimming pool of the Ceylon Electricity Board.. PHOTOS
utils evac	Two dead due to a poisonous gas in a factory in Dambulla...
evac shelter	The terror of the elephants which deprived the children of their parents is revealed.. #ElephantAttack
terrorism	LTTE is further banned From Europe.
terrorism evac	Seventy die from a poison gas attack in Syria
terrorism	Seventy dead from a poisonous gas attack in Syria..
shelter	A house struck by lightning and 5 injured
evac	Sudden fire in the Public Library
terrorism	IS terrorists claim lives of 13 people.. #News1st #SuicideBombAttack #Afghan #Kabul
terrorism	> IS terrorists behead three brothers of the same family in Afghanistan
terrorism evac	Arousing fear in Canada, a van runs over pedestrians killing nine (PHOTO/VIDEOS)
food	66673 families in Puttalam District affected by the drought and the rough sea
evac	Rain water which drowned Nawalapitiya #HiruNews #StandBy 9.55pm
terrorism	Reason for closing down of the library of Melbourne University due to a poisonous gas attack (PHOTOS/ VIDEO)
terrorism	How two explosions in Kabul claimed twenty one including four journalists.. Photos
shelter	Dhammika Senevirathne, Saturday May 21[st], 2016 - 1.00 Due to the adverse weather conditions resulting in floods and landslides, they have taken a toll of hundreds of lives and lakhs being subjected to hardships had become a frontline story in the International Press. The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties
evac shelter	The heavy rain in the recent past has been recorded as the maximum rainfall after the latter part of Nineteen eighties. Attention of International media has been drawn to the landslide catastrophes at areas like Aranayake and Bulathkohupitiya. As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide
shelter	As some media reported it was suspected that about 200 families were buried under the Aranayake landslide. Security forces along with people from the villages have been conducting rescue and relief missions with a great effort. AP report which mentioned that the number of people in the villages of Elangapitiya, Siripura, Pallebage reported that it cannot be known exactly but had mentioned that it could be 1000 - 1500. The displaced persons have arrived at temporary camps and secure places
shelter	That website on the 18[th] reported that from the Aranayake landslide 200 families had disappeared. Guardian website states that within the Western Province, about 135,000 have been displaced. But according to official statistics of the Sri Lanka Government, those who had died or missing are about 200
evac	Syrian refugees at Jordan border are undergoing hardships due to lack of water. Massive bushfires are heard at North Alberta in Canada. About 88,000 people had to be evacuated from that area
shelter	A forest area of about 400,000 hectares had been burnt out. Massive property destructions have happened at places like Macware. The authorities have instructed the people who have been evacuated from the bushfire areas to drink boiled water and to have in stock adequate essential goods and medicines till the end of June. The damages at Macware area due to the bushfires seem to be devastating
shelter	it was reported that all over the world people are suffering from floods, storms, bushfires and unbearable temperatures. South Texas area in America had gone under floods. A rainfall of 300 millimeters within twenty four hours was recorded there
food	(WHO, 2003) (Source: Food and Agriculture Organization) By international guidelines and by national policies (including of Sri Lanka) it is strongly recommended to breastfeed babies till 6 months of age. According to guidelines by the World Health Organization, unadulterated pure cow's milk shouldn't be given to a baby until 12 months is completed. Also additionally iron or food containing iron should be given. But for babies over 6 months, milk products such as cheese yoghurt could be given. (WHO, 2003; WHO, 2004
evac	A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts
shelter	Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected. These are the camps established in the Colombo district as the Divisional Secretary Divisions
shelter	The latest data on floods, land slips and natural disasters: by admin May 27, 2016 According to the daily position reports issued by the Disaster Management Centre May 26, 2016, there were 301,502 individuals of 74,808 families who were affected by the continuous rains and flood related land slips. There were 104 deaths and 31 injured. The number considered disappeared were 99. There have been 623 houses completely destroyed and 4,414 houses partially damaged. Minister of Disaster Management, Mr. Anura Priyadarshana Yapa disclosed to a special media meeting held yesterday (26) at the Ministry that 92,159 belonging to 20,957 families are being detained at 253 camps of affected inmates. The highest damage has been reported from Colombo District. A total of 190,349 people belonging to 43,323 families have been affected by floods. The highest number of deaths is reported from the Kegalle District. 67 people were killed and 99 were missing due to landslides and rifts. The wounded were 13. Military Spokesman Brigadier Jayanath Jayaweera yesterday said that the search operations are continuing with the disappearances in the Aranayaka area and 100 troops have been deployed. According to the reports of the Disaster Management Center, 39769 persons belonging to 10762 families in the Sabaragamuwa Province have been affected. These are the camps established in the Colombo district as the Divisional Secretary Divisions: Kolonnawa Dharmodaya Temple Kandaviharaya Anandaramaya Kalatuwawa Viharaya Henawatta Viharaya Galpatha Viharaya Walgama Community Centre Vidyawaran Primary School Kolonnawa Girls College Nagurukkarmaraya Ketthamarama Kolonnawa Vihara Kaduwela: Maithri Bodhi Vihara Roman Catholic Church Munidasa Kumaratunge Vidyalaya Bolwela Road Camp Gunasekara Viharaya Welihena community Centre Sankhapitti Vihara Camp near the Korathota Power Station Homagama: Embuldeniya Viharaya Colombo Suwasetha Suffers Keththarama Vihar in the Kegalle district displaced people live in more than 100 protected places. More than 1,000 people have been affected by the floods in Gampaha, Kalutara, Ratnapura, Kandy, Galle, Matara, Hambantota, Vavuniya, Mannar, Mullaitivu, Kilinochchi and Batticaloa districts. The latest relief requirements issued by the DMC can be accessed here
shelter	Flood disaster reliefs and solutions, how they were published in the websites Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. More than one hundred thousand people are displaced in Sri Lanka and six persons lost their lives. There are much more work to provide reliefs to the affected people
food	RT @VOATigrigna: It was announced that due to famine in three African countries and Yemen, millions of people are exposed to the risk of death.
food	RT @VOATigrigna: It is estimated that because of famine that has hit three African countries and Yemen millions of people are exposed to the threat of death.
terrorism	Al Shabab attacks the military camp of the African Union in Somalia
terrorism	Al-Shabaab conducted attack on the base of Africa Union forces in Somalia.
terrorism	Shooting in the middle of the city of Ouagadougou. Heavy shooting and explosions was heard in one of the big hotels in Ouagadougou, the capital city of Burkina Faso. The hotel, Westerners...
terrorism	Fighting in town center Ouagadougou. In Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, tonight heavy fighting and explosion was heard. The hotel is frequented by westerners. ...
terrorism	One suspect of France attack is arrested: Police France have arrested one suspect of the Normandy attack: two others who in the attack ...
terrorism	A suspect of the France attack has been arrested. In connection to the attack in Normandy, the French police have detained a suspect. Two others who took part in the attack...
terrorism	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in the rocket attack incident that fell in Mogadishu near the governmental presidential residential houses at least
terrorism	1 person died and 7 injured in an attack that took place in Mogadishu.
terrorism	Pr. Barack Obama said, the Orlando attack, is "the most shocking in the history of America"
terrorism	Pre. Barack Obama has described the Orlando attack as "most horrific in America's history".
terrorism	Describing the Orlando attack, President Barrack Obama said the attack is "the most shocking in the history of America": president Barack Obama, the killing that was carried out in on Sunday in Orlando, Florida
terrorism	President Barack Obama has described the Orlando attack as "most horrific in America's history". President Obama, the ... that took place Sunday in Orlando, Florida ...
terrorism	It was stated that Daesh group is responsible for mass killings.
terrorism	ISIS terror group said to be guilty of genocide.
terrorism	(Pictorial presentation) Turkey: 20 people died due to explosives that exploded on two military vehicles
terrorism	(picture caption) Turkey: 28 individuals die in an explosion in two military vehicles.
terrorism	John Kerry the American secretary of state says that the
terrorism	ISIS methods causing extermination, says American Secretary of State John Kerry.
evac	"Eritrea: a country that is bleeding because of the flood of refugees of its citizens" Amnesty International
evac	"Eritrea: A nation bleeding from mass migration of citizens", Amnesty International.
evac food	A preparation has been done to tackle flood accidents-Mr. Getachew Reda... Mekele May 04/2008 People living in those areas in danger of flooding are being moved to other regions, Mr. Getachew Reda Minister of communication of the government reported. The minister indicated in a seminar he conducted more than 100 people have died in different parts of our country. Though the government had made preparations, the natural disaster has caused damages. The minister also indicated that based on information from the meteorology department, preparations were done, including moving residents from flood endangered areas. Meanwhile, food aid operations in drought affected areas has been continuing with good progress, the minister indicated
evac food	Preparation made to prevent flood disasters - Mr. Getachew Reda. Mekele, May 4, 2008 (Voice of Woyane Tigray). Mr. Getachew Reda, Minister of Government Communication Affairs, stated that communities in some regions of the country that are faced with flooding risk, following the current rains, are being relocated. Commenting on current affairs, the Minister announced that more than 100 persons have died due to floods in different regions of the country. He said the fatalities happened despite the government's prevention measures, as this was a natural calamity. The Minister stated that several prevention measures have been taken, including the relocation of communities living in areas prone to flooding risk, as determined by information obtained from the National Meteorological Agency. On the other hand, he indicated that food assistance to communities living in areas affected by drought has been stepped up and was continuing
food	Dr. Berhanu Nega gave a presentation about the issue of Ethiopian draught and famine at the European parliament
food	Doctor Berhanu Nega briefed the European parliament on Ethiopia's famine and drought.
terrorism	Member of Daesh leaders, Cherafi Al-medan has been killed: The Syrian Daesh leader who had a direct connection with the attacks in Paris, during an air strike from allied... ...
terrorism	ISIS leadership member Cherafi Al-Mudan has been killed. The ISIS leader in Syria, who had a direct connection with the suicide attack in Paris, .... in an allied forces' aerial bombardment.
food	pictorial corner Cambodia fishes fish found in areas attacked by famine
food	Photo corner. Cambodia: a fisherman living in a drought-affected district. #Drought #VOATigrigna
food	This campaign has still continued due to the commitment of the entire people of Tigray
food	And now the projects are continuing strongly with the goodwill of the people of Tigray
evac food	Disasters caused by climate change; they have also occurred in Ethiopia in many instances
evac food	Disasters due to climate imbalance have been widely experienced in Ethiopia
shelter	Due to the flooding, 300 lives were lost and several houses and business buildings were overwhelmed
shelter	300 Diredawa residents were killed, and many houses and businesses were destroyed due to the flooding
terrorism	France: hunts suspects of the Paris attack
terrorism	France hunts down Paris attack suspects.
terrorism	I am working for the normalization of relations between Ethiopia and Eritrea, said Herman Cohen. `The Horn of Africa is a zone persistently in turmoil. Somalia, is an almost fallen center of terrorists...
terrorism	Herman Cohen says he is working to bring back Ethiopian-Eritrean relations to normal. The Horn of Africa is a region that has never been free of trouble. Somalia, almost a failed state and a center for terrorists ...
food	Based on this the number of the children who are affected by the drought has reached 450 thousand. The delayed assistance supply of the Ethiopian government has created a gap which worried the community.If the world community fails to respond to the needy Ethiopian people in these days or at least in a week a huge human crisis may occur in Ethiopia, added the report
food	As a result, after reporting the number of children severely affected by the famine has reached 450 thousand. The support allocated by the Ethiopian government for these affected communities is being delayed and is creating a gap in delivery, which is troubling. At this moment, if the international community did not deliver aid to Ethiopians suffering from starvation within days, or, at the latest, in a week, it warned that a serious humanitarian crisis will ensue in Ethiopia
food	USA: due to the drought in Ethiopia affirmed its readiness to give emergency aid
food	The United States has announced that it was ready to provide emergency aid for drought in Ethiopia.
terrorism	African leaders reiterated the importance of development to curb the mass exodus of African migrants African leaders said that development is vital for putting to an end the horrible exodus of desperate African migrants. Far from the city of Johannesburg where the AU Summite is being held, more than 100,009 African migrants crossed the Mediterranean Sea by small and congested boats to lead a new life in Europe. According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 102,000 persons are estimated to have attempted to make the horrifying trip in this year. Most of the migrants were from Sub-Saharan Africa. Unfortunately, not all have succeeded. More than 1800 migrants have drowned at the Mediterranean Sea in this year alone. Leaders attending the summit in South Africa said that the problem originates from their countries. They agree that migrants are forced to flee their country due to conflicts, unemployment and unfriendly environment. South African President, Jakob Zuma, stated that leaders have a responsibility. "We have seen with pain and humiliation when our African brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers and children lose their lives while trying to travel to Europe for a better life to escape from war, poverty, abuse and unemployment." said President Zuma. "We all share the blame and this crisis requires us to double our efforts for improving the life of our people." He added. Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, said that Africa's hope lies in its commitment for growth. If we focus on training the people with technique and vocational courses as well as science, engineering, technology, mathematics and invention, they will stop their dangerous trip through the Sahara and Mediterranean Sea. Doing so will make it very hard for extremists and armed terrorist groups from conscripting youngsters. This important issue was supposed to be among the top agendas of the summit, though it was dominated by the news regarding Sudanese President, Omar Al-Bashir
terrorism	African leaders say that development is decisive in stemming the flow of African refugees. African leaders at the African Union Congress outside of Johannesburg said that development is decisive in order to stop the blood-drenched flow of hopeless African emigrants. Recently, over 100 thousand African emigrants have made the dangerous journey to cross the Mediterranean for a new life in Europe. The International Organization for Migration said that approximately 102 thousand people have attempted to undergo this dangerous journey. Most of the emigrants were from Sub-Saharan Africa. Unfortunately, all of them don't make it. In this year alone, 1800 people have drowned in the Mediterranean. The leaders meeting in South Africa say that the problem starts at home. The emigrants leave because of the conflicts in their home countries, unemployment and bad treatment. The President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, said that leaders should take responsibility. President Jacob Zuma said: "We have witnessed, with suffering and shame, the death of our African brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers and children trying to escape conflicts, poverty, oppression and unemployment and cross to Europe for a better life." He added that: "Because we should all take responsibility, we should redouble our efforts to improve the lives of the people." African Union Chairwoman Mrs. Nikizazana Dlamini-Zuma said that there is hope if African countries will commit to development. She said:"If we educate and train people, focusing on science, engineering, technology, mathematics and inventions, people will stop making the dangerous journey across the Sahara and the Mediterranean. By doing this, extremists and armed terrorist groups will find it difficult to conscript our young." This very important issue, expected to be one of the main points of discussion, was swallowed up by the news of the President of Sudan, Omar Albeshir
terrorism evac shelter	The United Nations refugee organization says that due to the attack of Boko Haram, the lives of thousands of Nigerians is being disrupted. In the Southeastern Niger, in the tens of thousands...
terrorism evac shelter	UN Refugee Agency says that because of Boko Haram terrorist attacks thousands of Nigeriens have been displaced from their livelihoods. In south eastern Niger tens of thousands ....
terrorism	Even though the fear of terrorist attacks was announced repeatedly in South Africa, authorities say there is nothing to fear from. In South Africa, the fear of terrorist attack that might happen...,
terrorism	South Africa: Although repeated terrorist fears have been announced officials of the country say there is nothing to fear. The fear of terrorism could take place in South Africa ...
food	Ethiopia: TheRed Cross said more than 150-200 million Birr aid is needed to tackle drought.
food	Ethiopia: Red Cross Society: 150 million Birr needed to support those affected by drought.
terrorism	English tourist takes photo with Egyptian hijacker: An English tourist, with the hijacker of the Egypt Airways which was forced to land in Cyprus ...
terrorism	An English passenger takes a photo of himself with the hijacker of the Egyptian plane. A British passenger in the Egyptian airplane that was hijacked and forced to land in Cypress yesterday... with the individual who....
evac food	Due to the severe drought in Ethiopia, the number of nationals who need support is increasing from time to time, and the world human rights agency reported its worries that the drought could take lives of many people
evac food	The number of citizens who need aid due to drought that has hit Ethiopia and the famine that followed, is increasing from time to time. The international human security office expressed fear of the possibility of mass mortality due to that
evac	According to the report gathered from the Gambela zone, nowadays life is insecure and lawlessness has prevailed , wide lands are being taken by the authorities of EPRDF and distributed to their fellows and foreign investors.As a result of this, to control the peoples' potential protest, the military forces Agazee, other security forces and more from the Nuer tribe of South Sudan are still killing and wounding the people
evac	According to the information received, Gambela Region now has turned into a region where constitutional rights are not guaranteed, disorder is widespread and the region's extensive lands are selected and distributed by EPRDF officials to their foreign investor partners. Popular uprisings have been suppressed by Agazi and other security forces. At the same time, they are arming the South Sudanese Nuer and have been perpetrating killings and injuries on the people
evac	In most parts of our country people are reportedly being displaced because of floods. In our country, climate change due to El Nino is blamed for the drought; and the other extreme weather conditions of La Nina, which has caused summer floods, are creating problems. La Nina is characterized by heavy rainfall and is expected to cause damage next year. As a result, people living in river docks are being displaced and are going to other parts of the country. The report also indicated that 1.5 million people are at risk; the flood risks are prevalent in both rural and urban areas. This is due to the lack of an early-warning system which should be introduced by the government; as a result many people are being displaced for their safety
evac	Residents are being displaced because of the risk of flooding in most regions of our country, reports indicate. In contrast to El Nino, the weather condition which is believed to be responsible for drought during the rainy season in our country, La Nina is causing frequent damage from flooding. The La Nina phenomenon is expected to bring irregular rain to our country the next rainy season and cause severe damage, which has prompted the displacement of people living near river banks. According to news reports, 1.5 million are facing serious risk, and floods have caused severe damage in towns and rural areas. This is because the government has not done any preventive activities. As a result, many inhabitants are at risk and have been fleeing to various areas, according to the reports
terrorism	a terrorist attack in a hotel in Bomako - capital city of Mali killed oer 18 people
terrorism	(video) Terrorist attack in a hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, has killed 18 people.
food	Ethiopia: The Red Cross said supporting draught victims requires 150-200 million Birr aid. The Ethiopian Red Cross said, supporting children affected by draught
food	Ethiopia: 150-200 million Birr is needed to aid those affected by drought, the Red Cross has said. The Ethiopian Red Cross ...drought-affected ... and children ...
terrorism	The ancient city of Palmira-Syria: It's know the Russian supported Syrian army controls the ancient city of Palmira. The city was under the control of Daesh for about 10 months...
terrorism	Ancient Syrian city of Palmyra: It is to be recalled that Russian backed Syrian troops captured the ancient city of Palmyra. For 10 months, the city remained in the hands of ISIS ...
food	It was stated because of the shortage of food that happened in South Sudan, people who are numbered by the millions are exposed to hunger. Aid donor organizations of the United Nations, in South Sudan that is divided by war
food	Millions said to be at risk of starvation in South Sudan due to food shortages.
terrorism	Victims of the wanted human trafficker say that the arrested one is not him 10 June 2016, Washington, DC. Italian and English authorities said that when they arrested a human trafficker they were under pressure. When victims of the human trafficker said that the arrested was not him but rather an innocent refugee, Italian and English police were criticized. The person who participated in the mission said that the time has not come for England's National Crime Agency to answer the questions pertaining to this incident. "The National Crime Agency is confident of the way it gathers information," was the response. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for the 27-year-old Medhanie Tesfamariam who was taken from the streets of Khartoum and extradited to Italy. They said that Medhanie Tesfamariam is an innocent refugee who didn't participate in human trafficking. "I know Medhanie Yehdego Mered, I know him very well. This is not him,'' says Eritrean student Ambes Yemane, who was trafficked by Medhanie Yehdego Mered to Italy in December 2013. Ambes recalls that before going into the sea they were contained in a very small and messy place and that they were treated like cattle rather than humans. "The way they treat you is very bad. Medhanie himself had threatened me. He used to threaten us with a gun. But the photo I have seen from the Italian police is not Medhanie." Another client of Medhanie Yehdego, who didn't want his name to be mentioned since he believes Medhanie Yehdego is still working freely in Khartoum and could put his relatives there in danger, said, "The man arrested by Italian police is not the one who trafficked me. I know Medhanie Yehdego very well. I have known him since 2011. Therefore, I can identify him easily. The one arrested is not the human trafficker,'' he said. "He is very dangerous and has power; I have relatives in Sudan, and if he knows I am saying this he could take revenge on them.'' According to the information gathered from victims of the trafficker, the man called Medhanie Yehdego Mered, 35, who is a human trafficker in Sudan and is said to have been arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in Sudan as he was previously. Who is Medhanie Yehdego Mered? Nicknamed "The General," Medhanie Yehdego Mered is carrying out a multi-billion-dollar human-trafficking business. This 35-year-old Eritrean became known to the world after a boat capsized, killing all 359 refugees just by Lampedusa Island, near Italy, in late 2013. Canadian Kathrin Duhay, an attorney with regard to illegal human trafficking money, said that Medhanie could be the leader of a network of human traffickers in Africa and Europe. She explained in an interview with BBC that, "He has become strong because he has a lot of money and controls a lot of people." "As a coordinator, the money he mobilizes is understood to be in the billions." An Italian journalist called Couriere Della Siera explains that Medhanie Yehdego has been heard boasting that he has connections with Libyan leaders in Tripoli and that he has some workers in Italy as well. Medhanie had been living in Italy, and when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai, he attracted the focus of criminal investigation agencies. Later he moved to Libya, where many African refugees were passing through to take the risky journey to cross to Europe; and then to Sudan, where he was arrested and imprisoned. Kathrin Duhay: "If we can talk about human trafficking from Libya and other parts of Africa by the Mediterranean Sea, he must have connections with Daesh as well." Medhanie Yehdego Mered has not responded to these allegations
terrorism	Victims of the smuggler who is being hunted say that the one apprehended is not him. June 10, 2016: Washington, D.C.: Italian and British authorities are facing huge pressure after reportedly catching the dangerous criminal human smuggler. When victims of the dangerous criminal said that an innocent refugee was caught instead of the dangerous criminal, Italian and British police were criticized heavily. The British crime agency, which participated in the operation, said that it is not the time to comment about the suggestions. "The National Intelligence Agency is confident about its methods of intelligence gathering," said the announcement. Many Eritreans are expressing their support for Medhanie Tesfamariam Berhe, 27, who was apprehended in the streets of Khartoum and taken to Italy. They explained that Medhanie Tesfariam is an innocent refugee who never had any hand in human smuggling. "I know Medhanie Yihdego Meried, I recognize him very well. And this is not him." said Eritrean student Anbes Yemane, 27, who was smuggled to Italy by Medhanie Yihdego Meried. Anbes remembers that they were treated like animals rather than humans in a crowded and dirty place before they set out to sea. "Their treatment is really bad. Medhanie intimidated me personally. He was threatening us with a gun. But the picture that I saw from the Italian police is not Medhanie Yihdego." Another individual, who wanted to be anonymous because he believes Medhanie Yihdego is in Khartoum working freely and that his relatives might be in danger if he identifies himself, said, "This individual caught by the Italians is not the person who smuggled me. I know Medhanie Yihdego really well, I have known him since 2011. So I don't have any problem recognizing him. The arrested individual is not the smuggler." "He is a very dangerous and a very powerful person; I have relatives in the Sudan, and if he knows that I am giving this information, he can visit revenge upon them." According to information from former victims of the smuggler, Medhanie Yihdego Meried, 35, who is allegedly the smuggler, who is the person arrested on Wednesday and taken to Italy, is still living in the Sudan. Who is Medhanie Yihdego Meried? Nicknamed ʼGeneralʼ, Medhanie Yihdego Meried runs a human smuggling business with a worth estimated in the billions of dollars. This 35-year-old Eritrean's name is mentioned in connection with a horrifying accident involving a boat that sank at the end of 2013 near the Italian island of Lampedusa, killing 359 refugees. A Canada-based lawyer, Kathrine Duwhay, who practices law on illegal money transfers, says that Medhanie is suspected of heading the smuggling network in Africa and Europe. In an interview with the BBC, she said, "He is dangerous because he controls a lot of people and a lot of money." "As a kingpin, it is understood that billions have been transferred through him." The Italian newspaper Corriere Della Serra explains that it has been heard that Medhanie Yihdego has connections with Libyan authorities and has employees in Italy. It has reported that Medhanie was living in Italy and that he caught the eyes of organized crime investigators when he tried to open a bank account in Dubai. After a while he moved to Libya, where many African refugees start their dangerous journey to Europe, and later on moved to Khartoum where he was arrested. Katherine Duwhay said, "If he is involved in human smuggling from Libya and other parts of Africa via the Mediterranean, he must have had connections with Daesh." Medhanie Yihdego Meried has not responded regarding these allegations
terrorism utils	Later he moved to Libya, where many African refugees were passing through to take the risky journey to cross to Europe; and then to Sudan, where he was arrested and imprisoned
terrorism utils	After a while he moved to Libya, where many African refugees start their dangerous journey to Europe, and later on moved to Khartoum where he was arrested
terrorism	French police tighten guarding and searching after the Paris attack
terrorism	Following Paris attack, French police tighten security intensify searches.
food	"there is no gap between demand and supply of aid in the Ethiopia Somali region" a high authority, the problems cause by draught in the Ethiopian Somali region in the zone of Shenle or Shetti...
food	Ethiopian senior official: "There is not gap between demand and supply of aid in the Somali Region of Ethiopia.". The difficulties created by drought in Shenle or Sheti Zones, in Ethiopia's Somali Region, ...
terrorism	authorities said, Somali security forces killed armed people who carried out an attack. Yesterday, Somali security forces, killed those who carried out an attack at the Hebub Hotel in Mogadishu killing 24 people...
terrorism	Somali security forces killed gunmen who carried out an attack, the authorities have said. Somali security forces ... those who attacked a well-known hotel in Mogadishu, killing 24 individuals ...
food	Due to lack of preparation by the government, the on going drought in Ethiopia has created shortage of seeds
food	Shortage of seeds is reported due to the lack of preparation from the government of Ethiopia for agriculture following the severe drought in the country
terrorism	Tunisia: at least 12 persons died due to the attack that targeted the presidential security department bus. After the attack state of emergency was announced in the country hours...
terrorism	Tunisia: 12 people have died in an attack on a presidential security bus. Following the attack, state of emergency has been declared in the country, and hours...
terrorism	Libya: an explosive that exploded in a cargo truck killed 60 people
terrorism	Libya: Bomb blast kills 60 people in a truck.
evac food	UN: Due to the drought in South Sudan thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan
evac food	Thousands of South Sudanese are fleeing to Sudan due to the famine affecting South Sudan - the UN.
terrorism	An Egyptian professor hijacks an Egyptian Airline airplane. An airplane flying from Alexandria to Cairo the capital city of Egypt with 81 passengers most of whom are Egyptians...
terrorism	Egyptian professor hijacks AgyptAir plane. The plane, which was travelling from Alexandria to the Egyptian capital Cairo carrying 81 mostly Egyptian passengers, ...
terrorism	Hijack of Egypt Airways has ended.
terrorism	The hijacking of EgyptAir is over.
food	The outgoing US Ambassador to Ethiopia, Patricia Haslach, said at a farewell ceremony organized by the embassy staff that the efforts made so far to prevent the worsening of drought into the level of hunger are quite impressive
food	The outgoing US Ambassador to Ethiopia, Patricia Haslack, in her farewell speech at the Embassy's compound, said that the efforts to prevent famine due to the worst drought in 50 years are actions to be proud about
food	Due to the drought in Ethiopia, the country is rated as the third highest receiver of donations in the world.
food	It is reported that Ethiopia holds third place with respect to the current drought, per international donor agencies' standards.
utils	The number of cases reported in Addis Ababa and in regions was not specified, though
utils	The announcement didn't mention the number of patients in Addis Ababa or other regions
utils	"Some cases are reported in Oromia, Somali, Afar and Amhara regions. Hence, the trend is now that of spreading. All of us need to ensure that our environment is clean, our personal hygiene is maintained and make sure that our foods and drinks are safe to eat. We should also create community mobilization." Said Dr. Dabi Jim
utils	"There are some patients in Oromia, Somalia, and the Afar and Amhara regions. The trend is for it to keep spreading. We should all ensure clean water and food by collectively keeping our environment clean and maintaining personal hygiene," said Dr. Dabi Jimma
terrorism	In Mogadishu six people were killed in Alshabab attacks.
terrorism	6 people have been killed in attacks by al Shabaab in Mogadishu.
food	Effects of drought in Eastern and southern Ethiopi
food	Drought effects in southern and eastern Ethiopi
food	But the highly affected areas are in Boren and Guji in Oromo region; as well as eastern Harege and Somalia regio
food	But areas that are badly hit by drought are Borena and Guji in Oromia Region, and East Hararghe in the Somali Region
terrorism	France: Chases Paris attack suspects: One of the suicide attack terrorists on last Friday had a Syrian passport and in Greece last month... ...
terrorism	France hunts Paris attack suspects: Among those who carried out suicide attacks in Paris last Friday, one had a Syrian passport and last month ... through Greece ...
food	In Raya Kobo due to the drought cattle are dying, but no people have died, said residents: In Raya Kobo, especially in Keyu gara area due to very little rain...
food	Livestock are dying In Raya Qobo due to hunger, but no death among people, residents said. In Raya Qobo, especially in the locality known as Keyu Gara, due to the very low level of ....
food	In Raya Kobo due to drought cattle are dying, but no people have died, said residents
food	Livestock are dying In Raya Qobo due to hunger, but no death among people, residents said.
terrorism	it was stated the cause of an Egyptian airplane that fell into the Mediterranean Sea could be a terrorist attack. An Egyptian Airlines airplane that was heading from Paris to Cairo ...
terrorism	Terrorism suspected in the crash of EgyptAir plane in the Mediterranean Sea. The EgyptAir plane which was travelling from Paris to Cairo, in ...
terrorism	Russia says the cause for the falling of the airplane in Egypt is an explosive: the chief of the Russian security said the cause for the fall of the airplane in the Sinai forest in Egypt is a work of terrorism
terrorism	Russia says the cause of the plane crash in Egypt was a bomb. The cause of the plane crash last month in Egypt's Sinai desert was a terrorist act, said the intelligence chief of...
terrorism	Eritrea, said it supports Saudi-led initiative to combat terrorism: Eritrea said it supports the Saudi initiative to combat terrorism without reservations and would cooperate ...
terrorism	Eritrea stated that it supports the Saudi-led initiative against terrorism: Eritrea supports, without reservation, Saudi Arabia's initiative and is ready to cooperate with....
food	RT @VOATigrigna: Britain's envoy to East Africa said the drought in Somlia should be dealt with before deaths happen #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #Somalia #Famine..
food	RT @VOATigrigna: The UK envoy in the Horn of Africa appealed for emergency aid before people start to die because of the current drought in Somalia. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #Somalia #Famine..
terrorism	I person dead and 7 others were wounded in attack that happened in Mogadishu
terrorism	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey.
terrorism	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey.
terrorism	The Nice France attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians
terrorism	Nice, France, attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians.
terrorism	The Nice attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians. the Independence Day of France what is known as Bastille Day on the killing incident that happened in a city called Nice
terrorism	Nice, France, attack in the words of Eritreans and Ethiopians. The incident that took place on French Independence Day, known as Bastille Day, in the city of Nice, France, ...
terrorism	The commemoration of Eritrean and Ethiopian ISIS victims was attended by four church leaders, namely from the Eritrean Church, Ethiopian Church, Egyptian Church, and Syrian Church
terrorism	In the remembrance program, collectively attended by leaders of four churches, namely: Eritrea, Ethiopia, Egypt and Syria, as well as the public, prayer was made for the Eritrean and Ethiopian nationals killed in Libya by ISIS
terrorism	The peculiar nature of the Swedish Stockholm commemoration was the unity of the Eritrean and Ethiopian Churches in the ceremony
terrorism	This commemoration program, which was held in Stockholm, Sweden, is particularly special because of the joint participation of religious leaders from the Eritrean and Ethiopian Orthodox churches
terrorism	the identity of the person who carried out an attack in Nice yesterday Thursday became known
terrorism	The person who committed yesterday's attack in the city of Nice in France has been identified.
food	Some educated people explained to our sources that lives of people and animals is being wasted due to the shocking draught that has inflicted the Tigray region
food	The terrible drought affecting Tigray Region is killing people and animals, while the government has not provided aid, some scholars have indicated
food	When most districts in the region are hit by a draught accident among the worst hit are the districts of Atsbi Wenberta 12 localities, many localities of Kilte Awlaelo; most localities of Raya Azebo and Raya Alamata; over half the localities of Afla; many localities of Hintalo Wajrat; over half the localities of Seharti Samre, most of the districts of Tanqwa Abergale and there are many from the Western region, it was learned
food	While most districts in the Region are suffering from the drought, some are severely affected, namely: 12 localities in Atsbi and Wenberta districts, several localities in Kilte Awla'lo, most localities in Raya Azebo and Raya Alamata, more than half of the localities in Ofla, several localities in Hintalo Wajrat, more than half of the localities in Seharti Samre, most districts Tanqua Abergale, as well as many localities in the Western Zone
terrorism	It was stated that Daesh group is responsible for mass killings. John Kerry the American secretary of state said the crimes that the Daesh terror group created in Iraq and Syria, is mass killing.
terrorism	ISIS terror group said to be responsible for genocide. American secretary of state John Kerry said the atrocities committed by the terrorist group ISIS in Iraq and Syria are genocide.
shelter	#Eritrea #ارتريا In Ethiopia, South Region, 38 farmers have reported that they have been displaced from their properties due to road constructio
shelter	#Eritrea #Eritrea. 38 farmers in Ethiopia's South Region say their livelihoods have been disrupted because of road construction.
utils food	Paulos was a 24-year-old Eritrean who came to Libya through Chad from Sudan in April
utils food	Paulos is a 24-year-old Eritrean who started from Sudan, crossed Chad and entered Libya in April
food	Though Saleh managed to escape from the place he was held, soon he was found by other traffickers and held in a place called Sabratha, which is close to the sea
food	Even though Saleh escaped from his captivity, soon he was captured by other smugglers and imprisoned in Sabrata near the coast
food	A call has been made to help deal with the Ethiopian drought before it worsens
food	An appeal has been made to combat the drought in Ethiopia before it turns into the worst devastation.
terrorism	an understanding was reached to present to court the armed members of the Murle clan who carried out an attack in the Gambella zone in Ethiopia. Those who killed 208 by crossing the border to Ethiopia.
terrorism	Understanding reached to bring to court Murle tribe gunmen who carried out an attack in the Ethiopian region of Gambela. ... who killed 208 after crossing the border to Ethiopia ...
terrorism	Click the following link to follow the interview by Meron Estephanos the producer of the Voice of Refugees with three underage Eritrean girls who escaped from the hands of Daesh
terrorism	Three Eritrean captives who have escaped from the hands of ISIS have been interviewed by the host of the radio show Refugee News, Meron Estefanos. To follow the interview, ... the link below.
terrorism	As a result of the American aerial attack in Somalia, 150 armed Al Shabab...
terrorism	150 armed persons from Al Shabab have died in an American air raid in Somalia.
food	In Ethiopia the number of people in need of emergency food aid increases: In Ethiopia, as the member of people in need of emergency food aid increases, an additional 88 million dollars...
food	The number of people requiring emergency relief in Ethiopia is said to be on the rise. As number of people in need of emergency food aid in Ethiopia increases, additional 88 million dollars ... ...
evac	Its being stated that refugees numbering in the hundreds have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe. Report: During the last week, those who departed from Libya and were heading towards Europe...
evac	Hundreds of refugees are reported to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe. Report: ... who were headed to Europe after leaving Libya last week ...
evac	It is being stated that refugees numbering in the hundreds have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe.
evac	Hundreds of refugees are reported to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while crossing to Europe.
food	UNCEF has called on the international body to pay attention to the drought in Ethiopia: In Ethiopia, due to the shortage of food caused by El Nino... ...
food	UNICEF has appealed to the international community to give attention to the drought and famine affecting Ethiopia. In Ethiopia due to change in climate and El Nino, prevailing shortage...
evac food	It is said that the regions at risk from drought are Tigray, Amhara, Oromia, Afar, and Somalia
evac food	The regions facing the risk of drought are said to be Tigray, Amhara, Oromia, Afar and Somali
food	USAID said it will give additional help to draught in Ethiopia
food	(USAID): USAID said it will provide additional support for drought-affected Ethiopia.
food	RT @tarzaneri: Aid agencies have warned that the drought in Ethiopia could escalate to famine.
food	RT @tarzaneri: Aid organizations have warned that the drought affecting Ethiopia could turn into a severe famine.
shelter	He further added that in West Gojam and Hawi zone, Dangla town, protesters burned down five houses including that of a city official
shelter	Similarly, in Woreda Dangila in the Hawi zone of western Gojjam five residential houses, including officials' houses, were burned down by people, as described by Mulugeta
terrorism	Leita Taylor, senior supervisor of terrorism and anti-terrorism conditions at Human Rights Watch, said, "The world is more focused on the atrocities in Syria and Iraq, but Daesh in Libya has committed mass murders and is getting away with it.
terrorism	The Human Rights Watch head of observing terrorism and counter-terrorism, Letta Taylor, said, "The world's focus is on the atrocities committed in Syria and Iraq, while Daesh is killing freely in Libya.
terrorism	Martyr's Square, which is located in the heart of Sirte, has became a place of massacre - including hanging, slaughtering, as well as different measures carried out without trial - for many that they say have committed crimes
terrorism	The so-called Martyr's Square at the center of the city has been turned into a stage where unlawful killings, including beheadings for alleged crimes of character, take place
terrorism	The Daesh group is affiliated with ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The group is now deeply rooted in the country where Muammar Gaddafi was ousted and killed in 2011 and which has benefited from the situation, which is favorable to terrorists
terrorism	This armed branch of Daesh took hold in an environment suitable for terrorists created by the anarchy after the deposing and killing of Muamar Gaddafi in 2011, and is a branch of the larger group in Iraq and Syria
food	Caused by the cruel governance that is ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women who escape the system and head to be refugees, barely surviving the shoot to kill policy but fell in the hands of the PFDJ soldiers, beyond the miserable prisons that doesn't have water and food, victims who didn't want to disclose their names stated they are forced to cook food for the soldiers
food	Due to the brutal administration of the regime ruling Eritrea, Eritrean women try to escape the regime and decide to migrate. Some victims who asked to remain anonymous said that, even when they narrowly escape the regime's policy of shoot to kill at the border, and fall in the hands of PFDJ soldiers, they face, in addition to brutal prison conditions with meagre food and water, a life of toil preparing food for the military
food	According to the information from the sources in the spot, the process of recruitment for food aid in Amhara region south Wollo,district of Borrona has bribery, familial and corruption. As a result last week at night, a man named Yassin Tessema was killed at his home, for he accused the chairperson of the locality mister Hassen Muhedin for the repeated mistakes over the people and why he dropped him from the food aid list while he has nothing to eat but others better than him were included
food	According to sources from the area, in Amhara Region, South Wollo Zone, Borena District, in the process of registration for allocating emergency aid, it is suspected that favoritism and discrimination has been practiced, of which, the chairman of the Kebele Mr. Hassen Muhdin was alleged to be responsible. In response to these repeated allegations of favoritism and discriminatory practices, last week, by night around 4 o'clock an individual named Yasin Tesema entered into the Kebele chairman's house and told him that, "while I don't have anything to eat, you registered someone better than I am' and shot and killed him, according to sources
terrorism	Mass killings in California: 14 persons were killed and 17 wounded due to the attack unleashed on individuals in San Diego California
terrorism	Mass shooting in California, America: 14 people have been killed and 17 injured in a mass shooting in San Bernardino in the US state of California. The commander ...
food	Washington - the UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction stated that 32 serious droughts occurred globally in the just ended 2015 and most of them were in Sub-Saharan Africa
food	Washington - The UN Office for the Prevention of Natural Disasters said that last year 32 severe droughts occurred worldwide, with most of them in Sub-Saharan Africa
food	2015 was a year of drought Washington - the UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction stated that 32 serious droughts occurred globally in the just ended 2015 and most of them were in Sub-Saharan Africa. The Belgian based organization conducts research on earthquake, drought, flooding and natural calamities. Director of the organization, Dibarti Guhaseper reffered the year 2015 as a year of drought. "At this time, 50 million people are in danger. The year 2016 is expected to be worse. We will see human catastrophes and the rate of migration and displacement will also rise in this year. 5 years ago, drought has displaced 12 million people in East Africa. 260,000 of the displaced are Somalis. According to Guha Sapir, early warning was made. But, governments didn't consider the warning. Hence, the same mistake shall not be repeated in this year
food	The UN says that 2015 is a year of drought. Washington - The UN Office for the Prevention of Natural Disasters said that last year 32 severe droughts occurred worldwide, with most of them in Sub-Saharan Africa. The Belgium-based research organization observes natural disasters such as earthquakes, droughts, flooding and hurricanes. The director of the organization, Dibarti Guha-Sapr, describes 2015 as a year of drought. Currently there are 50 million people affected. It will be worse in 2016. She said that we will see human destruction, and we will observe migration and displacement. 12 million people were displaced by drought in the previous 5 years. 260 thousand of them are Somalians. Guha-Sapr said that the warning was announced early in the year. But governments ignored it. Therefore, similar mistakes shouldn't be made this year, she said
evac food	5 years ago, drought has displaced 12 million people in East Africa
evac food	12 million people were displaced by drought in the previous 5 years
food	The website indicated Ethiopia's development of green economy projects implemented in the previous years, a budget approved for renewable energy and achievements in this regard to help the people to recover their environment, the government paths to achieve economic growth especially in policies of agriculture and investment opportunities have made good changes in the country
food	The website said the activities implemented in the past few years by Ethiopia to build a green economy, the budget it allocated to renewable energy and the results it realized, the efforts of the people of this nation to rehabilitate their environment, as well as the Ethiopian government's success in achieving economic growth, particularly in agriculture, and its policy of attracting investment, have all resulted in a noticeable change in the country
terrorism	at least 31 people were killed and 147 were wounded in a suicide attack in the airport if Istanbul, Turkey. The administrator of Istanbul in the Istanbul airport...
terrorism	At least 31 killed and 147 others injured in a suicide attack in Istanbul airport in Turkey. The mayor of Istanbul, at Istanbul airport ...
food	WFP said more than 30 million people in Sub-Sahara Africa are exposed to drought
food	30 million people in Sub-Saharan countries are exposed to famine, the World Food Program said.
terrorism	(Video) The people of Brussels pay tribute to Tuesday's terrorist victims
terrorism	(Video) The people of the city of Brussels remember the victims of Tuesday's attack.
terrorism	Meanwhile, protests are still underway today, Tuesday, in Woliso, West Arsi, Horo Gudru Wollega and Jeldu West Shewa, according to residents who wish to remain anonymous for security reason
terrorism	Meanwhile, today Tuesday, there were protests in Woliso, western Arsi, Hora Gudru, Wolega and Jeldu, westers Shoa, described residents who remained anonymous for fear of their security
food	Food aid for South Sudan moved through the port of Massawa. Eritrea allowed food aid for South Sudan to be unloaded at its port of Massawa. The world food program...
food	Food aid destined for South Sudan arrives in Massawa port. Eritrea has given permission for South-Sudan-bound food aid to be disembarked in the port of Massawa
food	It is also reported that Egypt has donated one million dollars worth of aid
food	Moreover, Egypt has given one million dollars in aid to combat the current drought in Ethiopia
terrorism	(VIDEOM) Brussels, Belgium is rocked by three bomb attacks that killed tens of people
terrorism	(Video) Brussels, Belgium, terrorized by three attacks that took tens of lives.
terrorism	Somalia: 20 people were killed in Lido restaurant by Al Shabab attack
terrorism	Somalia: 20 people died in Al-Shabaab attack in Lido Restaurant.
terrorism	The terrorist attack in Paris and the affect it will have on refugees: regarding the incident that happened last week in Paris capital city what will be the affect it will have on refugees ...
terrorism	Paris terror attack and its implications on refugees: What are the implications on refugees of last week's terrorist attack in Paris ...
food	The study has up to now identified four affected regions, namely Afar region, Amhara region, Oromia region, and Somalia region
food	So far, four Regions, namely, Afar, Amhara, Oromia and Somali, are confirmed to be affected by the drought unfolding in Ethiopia
food	The U.N. stated that wealthy countries did not respond quickly to alleviate the serious drought in Ethiopia. The U.N. also warned that the drought caused by El Nino could affect the region of the Horn of Africa at large
food	Donor countries have responded quickly to the current severe drought in Ethiopia, the United Nations has stated, warning that the drought, which is attributed to the weather condition known as El Nino, could cause a disaster not just in Ethiopia, but also in other countries in the Horn of Africa
food	People in the drought-affected Amhara region are drinking unclean water and getting infected by contagious water-borne diseases, Reuters reports
food	Also, in the drought-affected areas in Amhara Region, the people are drinking unclean stagnant water wherever they find it, which is exposing them to infectious diseases, The Reporter has indicated from Addis Ababa
food	In Ethiopia about 35,000 children have been affected by hunge
food	"An estimated 35 thousand children affected by starvation in Ethiopia", U
terrorism	The Paris attack and the affect it will have if will have on refugees
terrorism	Paris terror attack and its implications on refugees.
terrorism	American politicians on confrontation with president Obama over the settlement of Syrian refugees: following the Paris attack some Americans; to re.. Syrian refugees...
terrorism	American politicians disagree with President Obama on the resettling of Syrians. Some Americans -- mainly after the Paris terror attack -- ... receiving Syrian refugees..
terrorism	French police have searched for suspected terrorists in Saint Denis area.
terrorism	French Police, aiming to capture the Paris attack suspects, conduct search in the neighborhood of St. Denis.
terrorism	French Police raid and search in Saint Denis area in Paris, after the attack in the city of Paris last week, today in the city of Paris in S...
terrorism	French police search in the Paris neighborhood of St. Denis: Last week after the bombing attack last week in Paris, the French Police today in the neighborhood of St ... in Paris
terrorism	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners: Those who claimed responsibility for the attack in the capital city of Bamako, Mali last Friday...
terrorism	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention. Groups who claimed to have carried out the attack in Mali's capital, Bamako, that killed 21 people...
terrorism	The Mali attackers threat against intervention of foreigners
terrorism	Assailants in Mali issue threats against international intervention.
food	To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country
food	Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability
food	Women's right has no approval by EPRDF!! Even though everybody believes women are half part of our society, but because of the previous dictator leaders of our country they cannot participate and benefit equaly from the political,economic and social life of the society and also do not get democratic rights or opportunities to express their problems with their own voices. To unload the adversity from their shoulder as all oppressed Ethiopian citizens our country's women, particularly the Tigray region women, join the 17 year army struggle and sacrifice their lives to assure and gain democratic rights,social justice, equality,peace and economic development of our country. For that reason, our country's women participate in all section of the combat during the armed struggle to get their rights and the rights of underprivileged people by resisting all natural and man-made obstacles. They joined the battle alongside their fighters and sacrificed. By giving their forehead to the bullet and tread explosives by jumping to the front battle field were able to be called lioness of the struggle. Even though, our Ethiopian women particularly the Tigray region pay spectacular effort by sacrificing their lives to reach into their goals,because their reward of struggle and sacrifices have been hijack and betrayed by the TPLF,EPRDF party, and their achievements which cost the hereon blood has been wasted, nowadays they are exposed to miserable lives. Women-the half part of society isolated alone cannot be beneficiaries; apparently, as every underprivileged Ethiopian society who was not able to get his reward of the17 years bitter and miraculous battle. Therefore, as all part of the society and women are loaded with many problems on their shoulder and their life fall in to famine,illiteracy,rape, detention,migration,adversity and death by the atrocity,horrible,rule of the TPLF, EPRDF ruling party. As a result of the human right violation and unemployment being an obstacle to women's social life,those who failed to resist the situation headed their way to migration blindly. As a result they became victims of rape and disgrace in the wild, or at the sea in a dreadful manner. The regime uses different systems to be trusted by the women. By systematic preaching in the name of union, league,women's federation, Meles leadership training academy etcetera and trying to control the women under his cruel and dictatorial administration and halt them from fighting for their future rights through writing, organizing themselves and incite argument against the dictators. The bloody and bitter army struggle performed to pervade justice, peace, democratic right, equality, and respect was jilted before reaching its goals as it falls to benefit the few elites, the oppressive, corruptive elite administration. The people and country are in danger of disaster and violence loss of integrity which resulted many innocent people being killed in the street and many other nationals are hunted get detained and tortured by security forceswithout any reason.Thissituationescalates grief and pain of our mothers and sisters. Because women are all the social life of community Looking at the threat and cruelty experienced by the ruling EPRDF party for the whole society especially women for 25 years, currently there is no hope that democratic right be secured.Therefore, we should unite and eliminate our sexual divergence and start the army struggle for democratic rights and abolish the ruling dictatorial EPRDF part
food	Women rights would not be guaranteed by the EPRDF. It's a known fact that women are half of society. Because of the policies of the past autocratic rulers in our country, women were not able to equally participate in the social, economic and political life of society. There was no chance for women to come out and express their voices and to express their democratic rights. Therefore, like any oppressed Ethiopian citizen, to liberate themselves from the misery, hardship and oppression, and to secure their democratic rights, social justice, equality, peace and economic development, Ethiopian women, and especially the women of Tigray, played a major role in the 17 years of remarkable struggle and paid heavily in terms of life and disability. Women of our country have contributed everything required by the struggle for their own rights and the rights of the oppressed population. During the struggle, they faced natural and human-made obstacles, but confronted these obstacles by arming themselves on an equal footing with their brothers; participating equally fearlessly in battles, facing bullets and land mines, and acted like lionesses. Ethiopian women, and especially Tigray women, have paid a heavy toll in terms of life and disability; they performed historic and heroic acts; and became lionesses, achieving their objectives in total victory. The fruit of their struggle and sacrifices, however, have been hijacked by the treacherous TPF/EPRDF regime, and the victory that was paid for in blood is wasted. Today, women are facing countless problems and live abject conditions. As the entire dispossessed population of Ethiopia did not see the fruits of its spectacular 17-year struggle, women, as half of society, have not been able to realize any gains, either. Therefore, since the governance that women and the whole country are subjected to is so abusive and atrocious, women, like all members of society, are devoid of their rights. They are experiencing double abuse by the TPLF/EPRDF regime. They are burdened by these problems and are in dire conditions of merciless poverty, migration, famine, diseases, ignorance, abuse, imprisonment, suffering and death. The abuse of human rights and unemployment prevailing in our country have created disorder in the social livelihoods of women. Those sisters of ours who cannot withstand all these problems have emigrated to take refuge elsewhere and are facing abuse and humiliation along the way. Even for their future lives to live freely fighting for their privileges, they have been deprived to struggle for their rights, to organize and to educate themselves. They keep them in darkness. In name only, the regime talks tactically of associations, leagues, women's federation, Meles leadership training academy, etc. Presenting women as part and parcel of the evil regime, it does everything to keep them under its full control, obedient to its policies, by depriving them of their human rights. Therefore, the struggle that was aimed at justice, peace, democratic rights, equality and respect has been hijacked. It is serving the needs of the minority. Today, because of cheap and cliquish administration, the country and its people are moving toward dangerous downfall and confusion with the unity of the country in perils. This has led to the lives of innocent citizens to vanish in streets. Many citizens are being hunted and taken to prisons by security forces for crimes they didn't commit. This increases the agony and suffering of our mothers and sisters. This is because women are the social life of society. Therefore, the ruling EPRDF regime, which, for the last 25 years, committed atrocities by trampling the rights of citizens, and especially those of women, it will not guarantee human and democratic rights now. Therefore, without difference of gender, we must get rid of the selfish regime by joining the process of armed struggle for democratic change
terrorism	RT @VOATigrigna: An air raid by the US air force killed 80 Deash militants in the city of Sirt
terrorism	RT @VOATigrigna: It has been reported that over 80 ISIS fighters were killed in the bombing by US fighter planes in the city of Sirte. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrigna #USA #Libya #Sirte https:/..
shelter	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and resident was looted and destroyed says "I lack a shelter for my children". Because of the unrest and turmoil that happened in Gondar last week 9...
shelter	Gondar: A resident whose hotel and residence were robbed and destroyed says, "I have no place to shelter my children." In the crisis and unrest that occurred last week in Gondar, 9 ...
evac	Our sources in Sudan reported that human traffickers in Sudan and the Sudanese police are targeting houses rented by Eritreans and they are forcing them to make the perilous journey to Libya. The smugglers and the police have made this arrangement for financial gain
evac	In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them through the vicious journey to Libya. The traffickers are gambling with the lives of Eritreans in exchange for bloodstained money, according to our sources in Sudan. In Sudan, human traffickers collude with the police for financial benefits and target residential areas where mostly Eritrean immigrants live to forcibly traffic them to Libya, according to the information obtained from our sources in Sudan
terrorism	More than 60 Eritreans who have been smuggled out of Sudan and taken to Libya by human traffickers became victims in a fighting between the Sudanese border officers and Libyan terrorists at the Sahara desert. One girl and one young man were shot dead and another Eritrean who lied on the soil after injury remained in the desert and his fate is still unknown
terrorism	More than 60 Eritreans were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, before they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. More than 60 Eritreans led by human traffickers were illegally crossing the border from Sudan into Libya, when they became the victims of a clash that broke out in the wilderness of the desert between Sudanese troops and Libyan militants. Two people, a man and a woman, were shot by the bullets fired. Another Eritrean who was shot was left behind as no one could pick him up and his whereabouts are unknown now, from the reports obtained from Sudan
utils	"When we complain about water, now we have electricity problem as well" residents of of Mekele City, starting from 7[th] February including today have been experiencing power cuts and are hindered from work and daily...
utils	"We were talking about water supply; electric supply is even worse". Residents of the city of Mekele starting from yesterday, Lekatit 7, including today, in the whole town of Mekele, electric power was interrupted and work and daily ...
food	The World Health Organization (WHO) sent an emergency aid group to Ethiopia, an emergency aid group was sent to Ethiopia that is experiencing the worst draught in the last decades
food	World Health Organization (WHO)'s has sent an emergency team to Ethiopia. ... an emergency team to Ethiopia, which is facing the worst drought in the last decades.
food	The information that indicated the people who live in the town of Sekota in the North Wollo zone in the Amhara region, is exposed to serious hunger caused by draught, the lack of food that doesn't give time and since the authorities of the ruling regime who know this has happened in the town could not look into the matter and are unable to provide the necessary help, it was learned they are leaving the villages and migrating
food	The entire population of Sokota town in North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, are suffering from starvation due to drought. But, because the authorities of the ruling regime, who know the urgency of the food shortage in the town, did not care or provide the needed assistance, the residents are leaving the town and migrating elsewhere
utils	in addition it was understood that as a result of using unsafe water the disease started to spread in Addis Ababa residents starting from June 2008. Especially in this week the disease is spreading highly in vast areas, in Addis Ababa City, districts of Bolie, Yeka, Aqaqi, Kolfie, and in Nfas Slklafto district
utils	Moreover, the disease is spreading in the city of Addis Ababa since June 2016 due to unsafe drinking water. But in this week, the epidemic has spread to several localities of Addis Ababa including Bole, Yeka, Akaki, Kolfe and Nefas Silk Lafto districts
utils	According to news that just reached us, lighting power that has been interrupted in most areas of Mekelle has been restored, the reason for the interruption is unknown//Laza Tigriny
utils	News just received indicate that power supply, which was interrupted in most neighborhoods of Mekele, has been resumed. So far, the reason for its interruption is not known. Laza Tigrigna
terrorism	The Paris terrorist attack wasted over a hundred lives November 13, 2015
terrorism	Paris terror attack has killed over one hundred people. November 13th, 2015.
shelter	The ruling government has not done enough deal with the floods caused by heavy rain in Moyale and surrounding areas, and as a result there were heavy losses in human lives and property, a report based on eyewitnesses said
shelter	Reports citing residents indicated that heavy rains and flooding that hit Moyale and the surrounding areas in the last few days, coupled with the ruling regime's inaction, have caused serious damage to human life and property
evac food	According the information reported, the flood caused by rainfalls which took lives and damaged property also made a huge disaster on the agricultural lands and roads. In the last few days in Oromo province, Balie zone, a rainfall caused flooding which took life of nine people and several domestic animals, and 560 hectare of farm land was totally destroyed
evac food	According to the received information, flooding caused by heavy rainfall in different parts of the country is claiming lives and damaging agricultural products which are still uncollected from the farm. In Bale zone of Oromia region, uninterrupted heavy rain and the following flooding claimed 9 lives and killed several domestic animals. Moreover, crops on 560 ha land were also damaged
evac	The heavy rainfall in different parts of our country has caused huge loss in life and property and 400 thousand citizens have been exposed to danger, reports indicate. According the information reported, the flood caused by rainfalls which took lives and damaged property also made a huge disaster on the agricultural lands and roads. In the last few days in Oromo province, Balie zone, a rainfall caused flooding which took life of nine people and several domestic animals, and 560 hectare of farm land was totally destroyed. After the torrential rainfall breached the road from Robi to Goro, transportation service has stopped in the area. In similar news, the rain in the east Harerge killed two children and the road from Deriedawa to Harere was breached. Moreover on the road from Mojo to Hawasa a bridge was blocked by debris of flooding from the rainfall of Meki surrounding and became difficult for the movement of vehicles. Besides a flood passed through Asala town,destroying the town road. There was massive disaster due to the heavy rainfall in the Afar region of north Shiwa (shiwarobit) in the Seltie zone; Jijiga, Deredawa,Arba mince, Debubewelo and other parts of our country.400 thousands of citizens may have been damaged by the accident and about 180 people were displaced from their settlements. However, the government had no any appropriate preparations and actions taken for the safety of the natural disaster affected citizens
evac	Heavy rain has damaged properties, claimed lives and put 400,000 people at risk in various parts of our country. According to the received information, flooding caused by heavy rainfall in different parts of the country is claiming lives and damaging agricultural products which are still uncollected from the farm. In Bale zone of Oromia region, uninterrupted heavy rain and the following flooding claimed 9 lives and killed several domestic animals. Moreover, crops on 560 ha land were also damaged. The continuous heavy rain has cut off the road from Robe to Goro and transportation service has been halted in the area. In a related news, heavy rain in East Hararghe claimed the lives of 2 children and broke apart the road from Dire Dawa to Harar. The road from Mojo - Hawassa has also been blocked following the heavy rain and resulting flooding of the road. This has caused road traffic blockage. Apart from this, flooding in the town of Assela has broken the main road in the town. Effects of heavy rain are also observed in Afar region, North Shewa Zone (Shewa Robit), in Silte Zone, Jigjiga, Dire Dawa, Arba Minch, South Wollo zone and other parts of our country. 400,000 people are at the risk of flooding and 180,000 are expected to be displaced from home. However, the government has not provided victims of this disaster with sufficient assistance and early preparatory works are not undertaken as well
utils	Besides Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease has been reported in South Sudan and Uganda, according to some reports
utils	Apart from Sudan and Ethiopia, the disease is also reported to have occurred in South Sudan and Uganda
utils	The Sudanese Ministry of Health reported that the contagiousness of the disease has stopped and fewer people are now reported to have the disease. Radio Tamazu reported that 12 people have died at the border of Sudan and Ethiopia, and doctors in the region have demanded that the government declare a state of emergency in the region and ask the U.N. for medical assistance, the report said
utils	Sudan's Ministry of Health has indicated that the epidemic had stopped and the number of infections was decreasing. However, in areas along the border between Sudan and Ethiopia, 12 people died from cholera, according to Radio Tamazuj, which added that doctors in the State called on the government to announce the presence of the disease and ask help from the World Health Organization
utils	Even though medical personnel confirmed the disease is attacking many people in Eritrea, the Ministry of Health has not given the public any information on how to combat the disease
utils	Although medical professionals have confirmed the disease is infecting people in Eritrea, the Health Ministry has not made any statement or given any instructions for the public to take precautions
terrorism	The Government of Ethiopia says `I apprehended terrorists sent from Eritrea and killed those who tried to escape.' Today night the federal anti-terrorism joint police task force...
terrorism	We have captured terrorists sent by Eritrea, and killed those attempting to escape, says Ethiopian government. The joint anti-terrorism task force of the federal police today ...
terrorism	Video: Iraqi Forces Capture Eastern Mosul from ISIS Iraqi army has controlled eastern Mosul, the former capital city of Daesh
terrorism	Video: Iraqi Forces 'Capture Eastern Mosul from ISIS: The Iraqi military took control of western Mosul, which was the capital city of ISIS.
terrorism	following the attack on Paris French tighten guarding and searching
terrorism	French police tighten security and searches following Paris attack.
food	Based on the information, after explaining the draught shortage that has happened in the South Ethiopian region in the surroundings Hamer is exposing the people and the cattle to serious dangers, particularly at this time when 25% of the total number of the resident of the region have become dependents of aid, since they could not find attention from the occupational regime, they have become victims of suffering brought about by hunger
food	The information indicated that both people and animals are facing severe danger due to the drought in the Hamer areas of the Southern Region. Currently, 25 percent of the population is in need of aid, but because of lack of attention by the ruling regime, they are suffering from starvation
food	In addition, the information said, even though the authorities of the regime say that Ethiopia is showing many fold growth and there is stored emergency food enough for the next three years, they said they need 500 million dollars to feed the 8.5 million people affected by hunger nationwide and have sent appeal messages begging from international donors, though they were lecturing earlier that they have three years-worth of emergency food
food	The regime's officials were saying that, as a result of the fast growth that Ethiopia had registered, they had emergency reserves of grain sufficient for three years. However, they have now appealed to the world's humanitarian donors to provide them with 500 million dollars to feed the 8.5 million people affected by drought nationwide. Not what they have been saying about three-year emergency reserve
food	A spokesman for the Government Communication Affairs Office of Ethiopia has announced that Ethiopia is about to enter into the new Gregorian year of 2017 after successfully resisting the impacts of the El-Nino caused drought and the restoration of peace and stability after the riots in the country. But, Dr. Derese Getachew, Associate Professor at the Oyona college of New York says that the country is moving into the New Year with serious predicaments at hand
food	The spokesperson for Ethiopia's Office of Communication said that Ethiopia is entering 2017 of the Gregorian calendar after fighting against a drought caused by El Nino and the winding down of the clashes in the country. But Dr. Derese Getachew, assistant professor at Ayona College, New York, says that the country is entering the year facing big challenges
food	UNICEF:"The victims of the drought in Ethiopia are women and children"
food	"Women and children are the victims of the drought affecting Ethiopia" Save the Children.
food	RT @VOATigrigna: In Ethiopia,it is repoted that 612 million dollars is needed for emergency food ai
food	612 million dollars needed for emergency food aid in Ethiopia.
terrorism	The Israeli government follows a policy of denying refugee status to Eritrean migrants
terrorism	The Israeli government has been enforcing a policy that automatically denies all asylum applications submitted by Eritrean refugees
terrorism	Current news - DW reported that German politicians and experts warned it is unwise for Germany to follow a policy of ignoring the gross human rights violations by the authoritarian regime of Issayas in return for containing migrants. (Israel,, Iran, Ethiopia as well) Germany - a delegate from the authoritarian regime of Issayas including the foreign affairs minister met with senior German officials. It was after this meeting that DW put a headline entitled "what shall come first from the protection of human rights and containment of the influx of migrants' and reports of German politicians and experts warned it is unwise for Germany to follow a policy of ignoring the gross human rights violations by the authoritarian regime of Issayas in return for containing migrants. "We have to take care that the talks between Germany and Eritrea don't just prevent the migration to Europe and change nothing about the human rights situation in Eritrea," warned the German Green Party parliamentarian "What is important, is that the Eritrean government allows an investigation into the human rights situation before the two governments speak to each other," added the lawmaker who is also the deputy chairperson of the German-East African group in the Bundestag. From the European side, there is the hope that if they invest money in the country, people will no longer be forced into this long military service and as a result, will not want to flee. That is simply naive," argued Nicole Hirt, an expert on Eritrea at the GIGA institute in Hamburg. She warned that Europe should rather put more pressure on Eritrea before putting money into it. According to the information from Deutsche Welle, Germany is one of the countries affected by the influx of Eritrean migrants and 25,000 Eritreans sought asylum in Germany in the past year alone. DW also mentioned the UN report accusing the autocratic regime of Issayas of committing crimes against humanity including abuses, rape and violence. The report also quoted the Chairperson of the UN Commission of Inquiry as saying "Eritrea is an authoritarian State. There is no independent judiciary, no national assembly and there are no other democratic institutions in Eritrea." -- -- -- -- -- -- Israeli newspapers reported that a court in Israel overruled the interior ministry's legal opinion that Eritreans who deserted from their country's army are never entitled to refugee status. The Israeli government follows a policy of denying refugee status to Eritrean migrants. This ruling of the court allows migrants to submit their individual requests. Only 4 migrants are granted refugees status out of the 43,000 Eritrean and Sudanese migrants who entered in Israel until March of this year. Iran/Yemen - The Iranian news agency (Farsi) reported that Saudi Arabia is training 5,000 militants in Eritrea to use them in the on-going war in Yemen. The terrorists were transferred from various terrorists groups in Libya. The terrorists, some of whom are from the Al-Qaeda, will be dispatched to Najran, Jizzan and Asir provinces to fight against the Yemeni army and popular forces and prevent their further advances in Southern Saudi Arabia. The authoritarian regime of Issayas gushed that it is the main force fighting terrorism in the horn of Africa and dismissed the information. However, the regime has been involved in the recruitment, training and supporting of militant groups such as Al-Shabab in Somalia with the support of Qatar. The regime has also been involved in the internal affairs of Yemen alongside Saudi Arabia, playing a destructive role with bigger consequences in the region. Ethiopia - BBC reported that 23 inmates died inside a prison in Ethiopia due to a fire accident while they were demonstrating against the government. The news cited reports of gunfire after the incident in the prison located inside Addis Ababa. The news also cites unconfirmed reports that the fire was deliberately started by the prisoners in a bid to escape from the prison
terrorism	Germany's decision to ignore the open human rights abuses by the autocratic regime of Isaias as a tradeoff to block the influx of refugees has raised concern and criticism from politicians and experts, who have called the approach "naïve," reports Deutsche Welle. (and also Israel, Iran, Ethiopia) After official delegates including the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the autocratic regime of Isaias had met and held talks with the countries' officials, Deutsche Welle published an article titled "Defending Human Rights or Curbing Migration." Germany's decision to ignore the open human rights abuses by the autocratic regime of Isaias as a tradeoff to block the influx of refugees has received criticism from politicians and experts, who have called it "a naive approach." They have also expressed their misgivings, reported Deutsche Welle. "We have to take care that the talks between Germany and Eritrea don't just prevent emigration to Europe and change nothing about the human rights situation in Eritrea," warned the German Green Party MP. "What is important is that the Eritrean government allows an investigation into the human rights situation before the two governments speak to each other," adds the MP, who is also the deputy chairperson of the German-East African group, according to Deutsche Welle. "From the viewpoint of the European politicians, there is the hope that if they invest money in the country, people will no longer be forced into extended military service and as a result will not want to flee. That is simply naive," argued Nicole Hirt, an expert on Eritrea at the GIGA institute in Hamburg. She also warned, "I think that Europe should instead put more pressure on Eritrea before putting money into it." According to the information obtained from Deutsche Welle, since Germany is the preferred destination of refugees, therefore 25,000 Eritreans sought asylum in Germany just last year. The United Nations has confirmed that Isaias' autocratic regime has committed crimes against humanity in its detention camps and military facilities, including torture, enslavement, rape and murder, reports Deutsche Welle. "Eritrea is an authoritarian State. There is no independent judiciary, no national assembly and there are no other democratic institutions," said the chair of the UN's Commission of Inquiry. -- -- -- -- -- -- Israel: the Interior Ministry has rejected the asylum requests of Eritreans based solely on their status as army deserters in their home country; an appeals tribunal has overruled the Interior Ministry's legal opinion that they are never entitled to refugee status. The Israeli government has been enforcing a policy that automatically denies all asylum applications submitted by Eritrean refugees. The ruling from the tribunal requires the Interior Ministry to assess all applications for asylum individually. Up until March of this year, Israel has refused to consider more than 43 thousand asylum applications by Eritreans and Sudanese nationals. Of these, only 4 were approved. Iran/Yemen: according to the Farsi News Agency, Saudi Arabia has transferred nearly 5,000 militants from Libya. The militants, who belong to a number of terrorist groups, are now receiving military training in Eritrea to fight against Yemen. The terrorists, some of whom are from Al-Qaeda, will be dispatched to Najran, Jizzan and Asir provinces to fight against the Yemeni army and popular forces and undertake to prevent their further advances in southern Saudi Arabia. However, the autocratic regime of Isaias has attempted to dismiss the report by stating, "Eritrea has been in the forefront of the fight against terrorism," in a statement issued by the government. However, the regime in its bid to quench its perpetual desire for power and control, has demonstrably cared less for the stability of the Horn of Africa. In partnership with Qatar, the regime has been involved in supporting militant groups like Al-Shabab by providing them with recruitment and training services. The regime continues to play a highly destructive role in the region by joining the Saudi Arabia-led coalition to assist the Saudis' involvement in the internal affairs of Yemen. Ethiopia: at least 23 inmates have died after a fire broke out at an Ethiopian prison where anti-government protesters are reportedly being held, reports the BBC. Gunfire could be heard from the vicinity of the detention facility, which is located on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, according to the report. Reports that the fire was started deliberately as part of an attempted jailbreak have not been independently verified
terrorism	However, the regime has been involved in the recruitment, training and supporting of militant groups such as Al-Shabab in Somalia with the support of Qatar. The regime has also been involved in the internal affairs of Yemen alongside Saudi Arabia, playing a destructive role with bigger consequences in the region
terrorism	However, the regime in its bid to quench its perpetual desire for power and control, has demonstrably cared less for the stability of the Horn of Africa. In partnership with Qatar, the regime has been involved in supporting militant groups like Al-Shabab by providing them with recruitment and training services. The regime continues to play a highly destructive role in the region by joining the Saudi Arabia-led coalition to assist the Saudis' involvement in the internal affairs of Yemen
terrorism	Somali troops said they killed 8 armed Al Shabab members
terrorism	Somalia's army says it killed eight armed men from Al Shabab.
terrorism	12 people died in a suicide bomb attack in Cameron
terrorism	Suicide attacks that occurred in Cameroun killed 12 people.
evac	#Eritrea #ارترياLibyan authorities said they have arrested 120 illegal migrants on Triploi sea coast
evac	#Eritrea. Libyan officials have reported that they have taken in custody 120 refugees along the coast of the city of Tripoli.
food	Even if the EPRDF regime covers up the increase of prices it will be uncovered. The increase of prices in our country created because of the corrupt administration of the EPRDF regime has resulted in social problems our entire society and it is getting worse from time to time, because of the high prices, particularly those who have low income cannot find the different things them need, it is clear they are exposed to worse problems. However, the occupational EPRDF regime that says it is administering our country and people, because it could not find supply for our people who live in different places and in a time that they are suffering from the increase in prices and demand they are heard saying the economy of the country is on the fat road of growth and lecturing with dead words. Particularly at this time the regime is not providing enough support to a considerable number of our citizens who are hit by draught caused by shortage of rain and they are losing their lives, in addition to the increase of prices that is coming to our country from time to time and knowing this the regime says the people lack nothing through the window of television, this proves it is not a group that stands for the people. And this has enabled the people to totally lose faith on the occupational regime and to lose hope. The occupational EPRDF regime that is know by its pretension not by its deeds, the people, be it girls or boys, old and young are forced to stand queues at hotels to buy leftovers. And this clearly shows the failing of the economy of our country Because of that the affected society is repeatedly presenting its problems to the government but not listened and that has made it make its anger worse; and the wealthy are increasing prices and selling as they please, and that has made the poor unable to buy and has expose them to problems. And because the monthly salaries that is paid to government workers has been lowered and the lack means to buy grain, sweetener items like oil, onions and sugar, and to pay rents, they are migrating to other countries. As such, the EPRDF regime is saying our people are eating three times a day and saying that in particular forums for years, but the people, because of the living price hikes and what followed, and being asked to pay taxes beyond their means and lack the means to pay, in frustration is asking to hand over their lands but they could not find anyone to listen to them. In the last weeks in a market survey they conducted in a grain store, the leaders of EPRDF in Addis Ababa they were heard saying there was no price hikes; but the people are angered by the lopsided answer. Food items that are needed to build the life of human beings, such as meat, butter. Eggs and the like that have been missing from their tables for many years, wealthy people who opened restaurants that are found in many localities of Addis Ababa rare not benefitting, the problem is worsening from time to time, after investing their heavenly wealth to serve the people, now they are seen closing the restaurants
food	Price hikes exposed despite EPRDF's cover up It is apparent that the worsening inflation created by the EPRDF regime's corrupt administration has been causing great difficulties in the living conditions of the entire society, and particularly for low-income citizens, who are unable to meet their basic needs. However, as the public suffers from skyrocketing prices, the ruling EPRDF regime, who claims to govern the nation and people, is unable to provide for the basic needs of the population living in various locations, while at the same time it vainly claims the country's economy is on a fast lane to growth. Especially at this time, as many citizens have lost their lives because of the regime's failure to provide adequate aid to those affected by the drought, and as price hikes increasingly get worse in various parts of the country, the regime has been saying on television that the public's needs were satisfied, which is testimony to the fact that this is a clique that doesn't care about the people. Hence, the public has completely lost confidence in the ruling regime, and it has lost hope. The ruling EPRDF regime, known for its hypocrisy rather than its action, has forced the public, girls and boys, old and young, to wait in queues in front of hotels, to buy leftovers. And this shows clearly the failure of our nation's economy. The affected communities have repeatedly been complaining about the problems they face, without anyone giving any heed, which has increased their anger. Meanwhile, businesspeople have been increasing prices as they wished, depriving the public of its purchasing power and exposing it to hardship. Government employees as well are unable to pay with their low salaries for grains and other groceries like cooking oil, vegetables and sugar, as well as rent. Therefore, they have been leaving for other countries. For many years, and on various occasions, the EPRDF regime has said our people get three meals a day. But, the people have been suffering from the effects of inflation and, on top of that, are being asked to pay taxes beyond their ability. Out of frustration, they have told the government to take their land, but didn't get any response. Following a market survey of a grain store in Addis Ababa in the previous week, EPRDF leaders were heard saying prices were not rising. The public, however, is angered by this perverse response. It has been years since the public brought to its table such nutritious foods as meat, butter and eggs, that are necessary for building the body. Due to the worsening living conditions, businesspeople in various regions and in Addis Ababa who had invested their life savings in restaurants, with the aim of serving the public, are being forced to close them for lack of customers
food	The number of South African children suffering from hunger and shortage of balanced diet is increasing
food	The number of children suffering from hunger and lack of balanced diet in eastern and southern Africa is on the rise.
terrorism	`alleged terrorists sent from Eritrea were apprehended and those who attempted to escape were killed' Th government of Ethiopia
terrorism	The Ethiopian government says it captured what it described as terrorists sent by Eritrea and killed those who attempted to escape.
evac	In a time that EPRDF ruling regime authorities are blubbering in their media claiming that their country has developed and peace and good governance is wide spread, youth who number in the thousands are migrating and becoming victims, risking death and suffering, the agency added after mentioning that 317 refugees need 200,00 dollars to return to their country, but since there is no one who is interested in Ethiopians, concerned representative diplomats of different countries in Malawi indicated that the Ethiopian leaders are not interested in their citizens
evac	At a time when the ruling EPRDF regime is making a lot of noise about the country's development, peace and good governance, thousands of youth are leaving the country becoming victims of suffering and death. The news organization further added that 200,000 dollars was needed to repatriate the 317 migrants. However, as there is no one who cares about these Ethiopians, various foreign diplomats in the country who were concerned about this situation have indicated that Ethiopian leaders did not care about their citizens
terrorism	Ethiopian opposition group, Arbenoch 7, claimed responsibility for the attacks in Southern Ethiopia.
terrorism	The Ethiopian Opposition front - Ginbot 7 Veterans Movement has taken responsibility for the attack in the south of Ethiopia.
terrorism	In Somalia six people have died in a suicide attack: In Somalia, Galkayu city, suicide attack which was aimed at the Minister of the Treasury of the country...
terrorism	Six people killed in a suicide attack in Somalia: The suicide attack in the town of Galkayo, Somalia, which targeted an official of the Ministry of Finance....
terrorism	(pictorial news) bombs that exploded in Jakarta waste lives
terrorism	(Pictorial account) Bombs exploded in Jakarta resulted in loss of human life.
terrorism	Heavy shooting and sound of explosives rocked the city of Mogadishu. Heavy shooting and sound of explosives were heard in Mogadishu, the capital city of Somalia.
terrorism	Heavy fighting and explosions rocked Mogadishu. Heavy fighting and explosion was heard in the Somali capital, Mogadishu. The attack happened in a well-known restaurant Lido.
terrorism	3 people were killed and 4 wounded in Mogadishu due to the heavy shooting and explosion.
terrorism	3 died and 4 wounded in a Mogadishu heavy fighting and explosions.
terrorism	7. Just yesterday, we have seen our Eritrean brothers and sisters sinking in the sea, and others being brutally slaughtered by knives and guns in Libya
terrorism	Only yesterday, we saw our young brothers drown in the Mediterranean in droves and being brutally slaughtered with knives and shot with guns in Libya
terrorism	America conducted an aerial bombing of areas that Daesh controls in Libya. ... America carried out bombing on the Western coastal areas controlled by Daesh
terrorism	The US has conducted air raids in areas of Libya controlled by Daesh: The US conducted air raids in the eastern coasts of Libya controlled by Daesh, said Mi......
evac	It is being reported that 700 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean Sea. Even if there is warm air and calm sea, over 700 migrants who were crossing to Europe in the Mediterranean Sea...
evac	Over 700 refugees drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, reports say. Even as the air is warm and the sea is calm, more than 700 refugees who were attempting to cross to Europe, ... in the Mediterranean ...
terrorism	A call was made for transparency on the attacks that America carries out by unmanned airplanes against terrorists. In recent days in Pakistan from the leader of Taliban until...
terrorism	A call made for transparency in drone attacks carried out against terrorists by America. In the last few days in Pakistan, from the leader of the Taliban to ...
food	On his part, a spokesman of Ethiopia's Ministry of Agriculture stated that the hunger has not yet affected humans and there is sufficient amount of food if the situation worsens
food	Ethiopia's Ministry of Agriculture spokesperson has sent a message that the famine hasn't hit people, but if it does, we have enough food reserves
food	On the part of Eritrea, 3 farmers from the southern zone who spoke to VOA stated that their locality is experiencing shortage of rainfall
food	In Eritrea, three farmers from Zoba Debub who were interviewed by the VOA said that there is a shortage of rain
evac food	Ethiopian refugees and journalists in Nairobi, Kenya went on hunger strike sitting in front of amnesty international office, demanding the sanction on Habtamu Ayalew- political party member to be lifted and allow him for medical aid abroad
evac food	Ethiopian refugees living in Kenya are holding a hunger strike in front of the office of Amnesty International in Nairobi to demand that Habtamu Ayalew, a journalist and politician shall be allowed to get medication in overseas
food	Report indicates that from the meeting conducted by the Amhara region north of WOLLO ,Lalibela district, many people have died by the drought
food	In a public meeting that took place this week in the Lalibela area, North Wollo Zone, Amhara Region, it was revealed that many people had died due to drought
food	Drought affected students were given educational material as aid: In Tigray region, sub zone Awlailo, due to decline in household earnings, families were unable to buy educational materials...
food	School materials donated to students affected by drought. In Tigray Region, Kilite Awla'lo District, families affected by low harvest ... to enable them to buy school materials for their children.
food	The number of Ethiopians in need of food aid are18 million in total- USAID officials: In the new year 2016, which started today, a number of people are in need of aid...
food	"18 million Ethiopians in total need food aid", USAID official: ... who need food aid in the new year 2016, which starts today, ...
food	" The number of Ethiopians in need of food aid are 18 million in total," USAID officials.
food	"18 million Ethiopians in total need food aid", USAID official.
terrorism	the Ethiopian ambassador stated that Al Shabab that set out to attack the Ethiopian army camp was met with defeat, today, Thursday, at dawn to the camp of the Ethiopian peace keeping forces in Somalia...
terrorism	The Ethiopian Ambassador said that al-Shabaab group that was planning to attack an Ethiopian army base was defeated: Early today, Thursday, ...into Ethiopian Peace Keeping Forces base in Somalia....
evac	Looting of properties and houses and displacements in Shinfaa Gondar: around 400 residents of Shinfaa Metema; due to the unrest that was created in the city, they were displaced from their houses; federal P...
evac	Robbery against property and houses, and displacement in Shinfae, Gondar. Around 400 residents were displaced from their homes because of the unrest in Shinfae Metema. Federal ...
terrorism	The 29 years old Habtom Weldemichael; on October 18 in the city of Beersheba; in the attack that happened at a bus terminal, Israeli security forces thought two people among those who committed the attack was one, after they shot and wounded him in the leg , Israelis who live in the area beat him with chairs and other things and because of the heavy wounds it is remembered that he breathed his last breath after he was taken to the hospital
terrorism	In the aftermath of an attack in a bus station in Be'er Sheva, 29-year old Habtom Woldemichael was shot and wounded in the leg by Israeli security forces who thought he was one of the two attackers. Israelis who were in the area then battered him with chairs and other stuff causing him grave injuries. He died soon after being taken to the hospital
terrorism	A terrorist attack was carried out in Munich, Germany, in the terrorist attack that was carried out in Munich, Germany, ten people were killed, including the person who executed the terrorist attack
terrorism	In Munich, Germany a terrorist attack operation killed 9 people: A terrorist operation that took place in Munich, Germany took the lives of ten people, including the terrorist.
food	The USA; sent emergency aid workers to help combat drought in Ethiopia: The USA has sent emergency aid workers to Ethiopia, and who will arrive today... ...
food	America has sent emergency aid workers to combat drought in Ethiopia. Emergency aid workers sent by America to fight drought in Ethiopia started to arrive today ...
food	The USA: Will give additional 268 million dollars aid of food to Ethiopia: USA: will send 268 million dollars in the coming three months... 268...
food	America will provide additional 268 million dollars for the drought that has affected Ethiopia. For the drought that is affecting Ethiopia, in the coming three months, America ... 268 ....
terrorism	The Oromo uprising is an act of a terrorism, say Ethiopian anti-terrorism forces
terrorism	Disturbance in Oromia Region is the work of forces with terrorist agenda, says Ethiopia's Anti-Terrorism Task Force.
food	PFDJ's rule, on top of the natural changes in price of food the policy it is following, is hindering Eritrea from economic growth
food	Reports indicate that in addition to natural variations in climatic conditions causing food shortages and subsequent price increases, the PFDJ regime has stifled the Eritrean economy thus causing deterioration in the standards of living of the Eritrean people
food	WFP also reported that in many countries, like Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Uganda and Tanzania the price of food has doubled
food	In many parts of Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Uganda and Tanzania, prices of cereals have doubled, the World Food Program reported
food	In South Sudan the price increased from double to quadruple last year, while in Kenya he price of maize has doubled, WFP reported
food	The World Food Program further reported that food prices in South Sudan have increased by two to four times from last year; while in Kenya, the price of maize has gone up by almost three times
food	According to the report from WFP, more than 12 millon people in Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia are in danger of famine
food	According to WFP reports, about 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia are in danger of famine due to recurring drought
food	In the Horn of Africa the price of food increased due to drought
food	Food prices have skyrocketed in the Horn of Africa due to drought
evac	Based on the information from our sources the rehabilitation building in Gondar caught fire by unknown reasons and the police who were in guard prevented the prisoners from going out they incurred serious injuries, after explain that, as a result over 17 prisoners died at the time there are around 7 hundred who were injured, and when the resident people who observed the shocking situation went to help the police fired bullets and prevented them from getting closer and it was learned that the number of the injured increased
evac	According to our sources, a fire blast occurred in a prison in Gondar the source of which is unknown. The inmates were prevented by the guards from escaping, as a result of which more than 17 prisoners died at once, while approximately 7 hundred were injured. It has been learned that, seeing this, many residents rushed to the scene to provide help, but were turned back by the police who fired shots, leading to the number of casualties to increase
food	WFP said, more than 13 million dollars is needed to help Ethiopian farmers affected by drought: Ethiopia has beeb affected by severe drought at this time...
food	The World Food Program announced that 13 million dollars was needed to assist famers in Ethiopia who have been affected by drought. At this moment in which Ethiopia is suffering severe drought, Ethiopian ...
food	In this year due to the drought strike in Raya Azebo, people are complaining about the aid. Only for survival, 15kg wheat and half liter of oil per individual per month is not enough
food	Residents of Raya Azebo reported that the food aid they received, following the severe drought they experienced this year, was not only late in coming, but too little, consisting of just 15 kilos of wheat and one liter of cooking oil, only meant to prevent death
terrorism	The city of Brussels is under heavy guard and search: as a continuation of the Paris attack the hunting that is going on to find Saleh Abdusalam the main suspect starting on Saturday...
terrorism	Tight security and searches in Brussels. In a continuation of the manhunt to find the main suspect in the Paris attack, Saleh Abdusalam, starting Saturday ...
food	Washington - IGAD (Inter Governmental Agency for Development) released alert warning today stating that the drought will continue for the next three months in east, central and west Africa
food	Washington - IGAD warned today that drought will continue in central and eastern Africa
food	It is recalled that the government of Ethiopia has asked for $1.1bn to help 10 million people. In its neighbors like Sudan and Somalia are also feeling the brunt of drought and internal conflicts
food	It should be recalled that the government of Ethiopia demanded 1.1 billion dollars to help out 10 million people. Its neighbors, South Sudan and Somalia, are affected by drought in addition to their internal conflicts
food	Drought has displaced about 300,000 people in the entire East Africa
food	In East Africa, three hundred thousand people are destabilized due to drought
food	Climate change caused by El-Nino has been hovering in Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia
food	Climate change caused by El Nino is also affecting Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia
food	There are newly erupted conflicts in this year in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
food	There are new conflicts occurring in Burundi, South Sudan and Yemen
terrorism	Militants who tied to attack renaissance dam have been destroyed: 21 militants trained by Shaibia and Egypt entered to country by Benshangul gumez...
terrorism	Armed infiltrators aimed at causing damage to the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam were killed. 21 EPLF-trained mercenaries of the PFDJ and Egypt infiltrated into the country through Benishangul-Gumuz...
shelter	RT @VOATigrigna the Mozambique police announced the cancellation of residence permits of 36 Ethiopians with which they were hiding for extended periods. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
shelter	RT @VOATigrigna: The Mozambique police announced that they demolished a house that was an illegal home to 36 Ethiopian immigrants. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina..
food	The EPRDF regime's administrators of the central zone of, Ahferom sub zone,Tabiya Hoya, of, are using the aid which came from charity organization for the poor people for their personal purpose
food	The ruling TPLF/EPRDF regime's administrators in Hoya station, Ahferom district, have been using for their own personal and family purposes aid that was received to help the hungry and destitute
food	Save the Children has stated yesterday that the Ethiopian government has notified them that out of 10.1 million people, 5.75 million are children
food	Save the Children reported that the government of Ethiopia has announced that 5.75 million out of the 10.1 million are children
terrorism	Daesh killed a journalist who was working inside Syria. For the first time it shot a female journalist who was reporting from the places it controls Syria...
terrorism	ISIS has killed a journalist working inside Syria. ISIS for the first time killed a female journalist who had been reporting from areas it controls.
terrorism	#Eritrea #ارتريا It was learned that explosives thrown in Bahir Dar and Gondar resulted in harming human lives.
terrorism	H0T00367F> #Eritrea #ارتريا : It's known that explosives that were thrown in the towns of Bahir Dar and Gondar have caused human death.
food	The Government of Ethiopia has already started supporting its people by asking for food aid from the world: the one who said there will be no single aid to enter...
food	In response to the famine and hardship facing the country, the Ethiopian government has started to alleviate the problem by appealing for international assistance. Those who do not allow food aid to come in or want it to be put in their hands...
evac food shelter	Millions of people are at the risk of starvation due to the food shortage in South Suda
evac food shelter	Millions are in danger of famine due to food shortages in South Sudan
terrorism	Somali army said they killed eight Alshabab militants today: National Somali Army in a military mission they carried on today, Wednesday, said eight Alshabab militants... ...
terrorism	The Somali army says it killed eight al-Shabaab militants. The National Somali Army in a military operation in central Somalia today, Wednesday, killed eight al-Shabaab...
utils	One hundred twelve of our young citizens who came to Zula prison starting on 13/04/2016. Our young citizens after going through bad and inhuman handling, their suffering is increasing because of shortage of medical attention for the contagious disease of diarrhea that afflicted the prison are suffering severely under the risk of hovering death
utils	One hundred and twelve (112) young citizens who came to Zula prison on 4/13/2016 have been suffering from bad and inhumane conditions. Their suffering has worsened by lack of medical attention and the spread of diarrhea in the prison, which has put them at risk of death
terrorism	Between 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killes by Al Shabab, said the president of Somalia
terrorism	Somali president says 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killed by Al Shabab. In an attack on a ... Union camp carried out last month in south-western Somalia ...
food	Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying
food	Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying
food	People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) Washington - The global El-Nino occurrence is now causing drought and massive flooding throughout the world. In particular, the Horn of Africa is the most affected by El-Nino and has millions people in need of emergency relief following a drought. Animals are also dying. Dr. Sara Tewoldeberhan Gerbregziabher, Associate Professor at Mekelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash Gebrehiwot, lecturer at Towson University, expect world leaders who meet in Paris, France to sign a binding accord on climate change. Both scholars that we spoke to said that until the world does something, developing countries need to use irrigated agriculture and plant trees that take in carbon dioxide to resist the impacts of climate change. You can listen to the full content here. People to People: in the case of El-Nino (2[nd] part) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ Download 128 kbps 32 kbps Sound playe
food	People to People: On El Nino (Part Two) Washington - The worldwide El Nino occurrence is currently causing massive destruction through drought and flooding. In the Horn of Africa in particular, millions are in danger of drought and in need of emergency aid. Animals are also dying. Associate professor Dr. Sara Teweldebrhan Gebregzabhier, of Mekkelle University, and Dr. Tsigabu Asmelash, lecturer at Towsen University, Maryland, believe that the world leaders meeting in Paris, France can reach a binding agreement on climate change. Both intellectuals whom we interviewed said that developing countries should use irrigation systems in agriculture to feed their populations and introduce technology that absorbs burning air. Full content can be listened to here. People to People: On the Issue of El Nino (Part Two) (12:30) 12:30 ▶ 00:00 /12:30 ▶ download 128 kbps 32 kbps play soun
terrorism	: As part of the reaction to Al Shabab's attacks, America increases its aerial bombardment. The pressure created by Al Shabab whose movement is in Somalia, America's repeated attack...
terrorism	USA: Continues aerial attack as part of the Anti-Al-Shabaab Terrorism Task-Force. Under pressure from the armed Al-Shabaab group moving in Somalia, the US carried our repeated aerial attacks...
terrorism	An eye witness says a bomb was hurled at the Jimma University and students were wounded.
terrorism	A bomb was thrown at Jimma University, injuring students, one eyewitness has said.
terrorism	Somalia: The suicide attack was carried out by a member of parliament: A suicide attacker who killed 13 people in the capital city of Somalia, Mogadishu, was a member of par...
terrorism	Somalia: It has been reported that the suicide bomber was a member of parliament. The suicide bomber, who killed 13 people yesterday, Tuesday, in the capital city of Somalia, was a member of ....
terrorism	Daesh carried out suicidal attacks on Libyan oil corporations
terrorism	ISIS has carried out suicide attacks in Libyan oil facilities.
terrorism	Alshabab seized strategic port city of Merka: Alshsbab, said a strategic port city 100 KM to the south of the capital of Somalia...
terrorism	Al-Shabaab controls the strategic port city of Merca. Al-Shabaab ... the strategic port city, located about 100 km south of the Somali capital.
terrorism	Brussels the capital city of Belgium is shaken by bomb attacks that wasted tens of lives. While the two bomb attacks were at the Brussels airport the third...
terrorism	Belgian capital Brussels rocked by three bomb attacks that have taken tens of lives. While two bomb attacks were at Brussels airport, the ...
food	In Ethiopian 10.2 million people reportedly need emergency food aid: In Ethiopia the number of people in need of emergency food aid is estimated between 8.2 million to 10.2 million... ...
food	It has been reported that 10.2 million people need emergence aid in Ethiopia. The number of people who need emergency aid due to the drought in Ethiopia ... from 8.2 million to 10.2 million.
evac	"The Address" building caught fire.:
evac	A Dubai building, "The Address", caught fire.
food	According to the information, in Tigray region Debub Zone, Alamata district, inhabitants of Hairele told to VOA (voice of America) administration authorities are enforcing people payment on the food aids donated for the drought affected people, by claiming they should buy fertilizers
food	According to our information, officials of Hairele Kebele of Alamata within South Zone of Tigray region are using the emergency food aid destined to the drought affected areas as a condition to demand farmers pay for fertilizers, residents of Hairle Kebele told VOA
terrorism	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously wounded and 19 lightly wounded because of the bomb that exploded at the Anwar mosque. Today that a bomb exploded at the Anwar mosque that is located in Addis Ababa, to the ...
terrorism	Addis Ababa: 5 people were seriously injured and 19 others suffered mild injuries in a bomb explosion in Anwar Mosque. The bomb explosion took place today in Anwar Mosque in Addis Ababa, an official ...
food	The Government of Ethiopia has called on the international community to give food aid
food	The Ethiopian government has appealed to international donors to provide aid those affected by drought.
food	The Government of Ethiopia has called on the international community to give food aid: In Ethiopia, more than 10.2 million people are in need of food aid...
food	The Ethiopian government has appealed to international donors to help those affected by drought. 10.2 million people need assistance due to the prevailing drought in Ethiopia, international...
food	The aid provided in Raya Azebo is not sufficient, said residents
food	Relief aid being given in response to the acute drought in Raya Azebo is not sufficient, residents say.
food	The people who live in the 2[nd] district, Welaelo of the Eastern zone of the Tigray region have been in shortage of safe water for years and they have been asked the governmental authorities to find solution for the problems, however no one was able to find solution and so the people are exposed to waterborne diseases
food	It has been years since the people who live in the district of Kilte Awlaelo, Western Zone, in Tigray Region, started to suffer for lack of clean drinking water. But since the concerned authorities in the zone and the district were unable to answer the peoples' question, at this moment the people are suffering from lack of clean water, and the use of contaminated water is exposing them to water-borne diseases
food	Besides, the people observed the administrators of the Atsbi Wenberta district were confiscating the food aid funded for the victims of draught by welfare agencies.Even though the government is singing for a goodwill administration, but there is nothing done practically, instead it is getting worse. So, it is known that the people are warning in that they will protest like what the people of Oromo are doing in opposing the regime's ill administration
food	Also, residents who observed that the administrators in the district of Atsbi Wenberta were using the aid that was given by charities for the benefit of the people affected by draught in the district, and apart from chanting about good governance to be implemented, there was no proper administration in reality, but is getting worse. It was learned that they are opposing the system ineffectively by saying they will carry out protests like that of the Oromo peopl
terrorism	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul-Turkey: about 10 people died and another 15 were wounded because of the suicide bomb attack in the city of Istanbul.
terrorism	Suicide bomb attack in Istanbul, Turkey. 10 people killed and 15 others injured in a suicide bomb attack that took place in Istanbul city. Presi...
utils evac	The handover ceremony was held today, Thursday, in the city of Addis Ababa. During this ceremony, Mrs. Morin Cheyn, IOM's representative to Ethiopia and the AU stated that the survey conducted by IOM reveals that around 630,000 people are displaced from August 2014 - May 2016 due to El-Nino
utils evac	IOM's representative in Ethiopia and the African Union, Miss Morine Ochein, who was present today, Thursday, at the event at which the aid was delivered in Addis Ababa, said that, based on the assessment conducted by the organization, it has been determined that 630 thousand have been displaced from their homes from August 2014 up to May 2016 due to El Nino
food	USAID said it will give additional help to the draught in Ethiopia, that America will give additional help and that other donors will take similar steps ...
food	USAID promised to provide additional support for drought in Ethiopia. In response to drought in Ethiopia, since the US is giving additional support, other donors to take similar action gov......
terrorism	Now again Islamic movement ISIS killed two Eritrean Christians. http://t.co/z9eLLueiK
terrorism	Islamist movement ISIS once again kills two Eritrean Christians. Islamic State militants in Libya have killed two Eritrean... http://t.co/z9eLLueiK
terrorism	witnesses say that the way the 14 people were killed in an attack yesterday in Gambella, is horrible.
terrorism	Eyewitnesses say that the violence that killed 14 people in Gambela yesterday was horrible.
food	RT @VOATigrigna: Aid workers were told to leave drought affected areas in South Sudan. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #SSudan #AID #Famine..
food	RT @VOATigrigna: It's reported that international donors were forced to leave the regions of South Sudan that are in danger of facing famine. #Eritrea #Ethiopia #VOATigrina #SSudan #AID #Famine..
terrorism	it was stated the number of armed Somalis supported by Daesh is increasing. Abdi Hussein Puntland higher surveillance authority. Daesh through its arms in Yemen to Somalia...
terrorism	It has been reported that the number of armed Somalis supported by ISIS is on the rise. Puntland senior intelligence official Abdi Hussein: ISIS, through its arm in Yemen ... to Somalia.
food	A 90 day campaign has started in Ethiopia to collect sufficient food aid
food	A 90-day campaign has started to raise funds in support of drought victims in Ethiopia.
terrorism	29 people were killed in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In one of the big hotels, last Friday evening, heavy...
terrorism	29 people died in an attack that took place in a hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. The Capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou: In one of the big hotels last Friday evening heavy....
terrorism	London: an attack with a knife was carried out. A Somali who killed a woman and wounded five others in London with extremism and terror..
terrorism	London: A knife attack has taken place. The attack in which a Somali man in central London killed a woman and wounded five others using a knife, ... with extremism and terrorism.
food	The drought in Ethiopia is the worst in the history of the country, and as a result 8.2 million people are at risk, reported Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn
food	The current drought is the worst in the country's history, as a result of which 8.2 million people are at risk, Ethiopia's prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, has officially confirmed
food	After Ethiopia asked for aid from the international community to combat drought in the country, the U.S. sent aid worth 90 million, while the U.N. sent an emergency medical group
food	In response to Ethiopia's appeal for assistance from the international community to combat the unfolding natural disaster of drought, America has donated over 90 million worth of aid, while the United Nations has sent an emergency medical team
terrorism	Malian soldiers attempt to control the hotel that was attacked by armed Islamists
terrorism	Malian troops attempt to control the hotel that was attacked by armed Islamists.
terrorism	Mali: attack in hotel has left three persons dead; The attack in the capital city of Mali, in Bakimo Randon Hotel has left three dead and hostages...
terrorism	Mali: Three people killed in an attack that took place in a hotel: In the attack that took place in the Radisson Blue hotel in Mali's capital, Bamako, 3 persons were killed and ... taken hostage.
food	RT @VOATigrigna: In drought affected areas of Somalia, there is fear of a cholera out break
food	RT @VOATigrigna: It has been reported that cholera is spreading in Somalia, which is facing famine.
food	The number of children suffering from starvation and malnutrition in East and South Africa is risin
food	In East Africa, the number of children suffering from famine and malnutrition is increasing
food	For instance, more than 10 million people are affected by hunger in Ethiopia. This figure is set to rise to 15 million by 2024 according to the organization
food	For instance, 10 million people are affected by drought in Ethiopia. The report says that this number will increase to 15 million in 2016
food	UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards indicated that the situation is even worse in north-western regions and northern sea El-Gazawin
food	UNHCR spokesperson Andia Edwards explained that the situation is worse in the north-west, in the northern Bahr El Gazal and Warap areas
evac food	The condition of refugees arriving in Sudan and their path of trip is awful. The influx of South Sudan refugees is attributed to the dwindling of food storage in the country
evac food	The UNHCR spokesperson explained that those who arrive in Sudan are in bad condition because of the dangerous journey that they make, and that the flow of South Sudanese emigrants will increase due to the deteriorating food shortages
terrorism	In recent weeks the cities' masterplan announcement that occupational regime had earlier issued, without first talking with the people, it has embarked on implementing in immediately in the surroundings of Addis Ababa and Finfine and some other towns of Oromia, without any explanation or observation, what followed was in the Haremaya University; in the towns of Lekemte, Adama, Assela, Ambo town, University of Ambo, Gimbi and other towns, have opposed the masterplan and went on demonstration against the illegal masterplan that doesn't confirm the benefit of the people
terrorism	In the past few weeks, the ruling regime, without prior consultations with the people, issued a proclamation on a master plan for cities and tried to implement it, with no understanding or sensibility, in the suburbs of Addis Ababa Finfine and some cities in Oromia Region. Consequently, demonstrations broke out among Haramaya University students, as well as in the cities of Lekmte, Adama, Asela, Ambo, Ambo University, Ginbi and other towns, in opposition to this master plan that lacks public support and serves no interest of the people
terrorism	"Between 180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killes by Al Shabab" the president of Somalia
terrorism	Somali president: "180-200 Kenyan soldiers were killed by Al Shabab."
terrorism	Al Shabab took control of the town of Marka
terrorism	Al Shabab take control of Merca town.
terrorism	Somalia: Ethiopian soldiers in AMISOM the camp of Al Shabab
terrorism	Somalia: Ethiopian soldiers who are part of AMISOM attacked Al Sbabab camp.
food	If international aid arrive in time, the number of people affected by drought in Ethiopia will reach 10.2 million
food	It has been reported that if assistance from the international community was not delivered urgently, 10.2 million Ethiopians will die of hunger.
terrorism	The wound of Dalo could be related to explosives, the administrator
terrorism	(video) Manager: Daallo attack possibly linked to explosives.
food	Sources from the city reported that, in Amhara region southern zone of Gonder,Gayten district, a man from Nefas Mai Chew, Mr. Dembelash Yideg attacked by stick a cadre by the name Belachew Alamrew on 6[th], March, 2008, after observing that the administrators of the district openly corrupted the food aid which was donated by relief agencies and countries for the victims of famine and drought
food	As reported by our sources in the city, residents of Nfas Mawcha town, in Gayint district, South Gndar Zone, Amhara Region, have been observing the district administrators practicing discrimination in the distribution of grain that had come from donor organizations and countries to help the vulnerable and those affected by drought. On Megabit 6, 2008, a certain Mr. Dembelash Yideg, in front of the people gathered to receive aid, hit the district public relations officer, Belachew Alamrew, in the head with a stick and threw him to the ground
food	The Ili valley has suffered a very serious drought disaster. The production markets located in the Ili valley of Xinjiang suffered severe drought
food	Ili valley faces a serious drought Grain-producing areas of the Uyghur region, including the Ili valley, face a serious drought this year
food	The local authorities distributed around 2 million dollars for drought prevention. In Luxian Province, 3 thousand acres of cropland were damaged. Drinking water was delivered to regions that had difficulty accessing clean water
food	The local government has spent around 2 million dollars on preventing droughts. 3000 Qing crops were damaged in the Lushan region. Water has been transported into those areas facing a drinkable water shortage
utils	180 thousand acres of land were destroyed, and 4 million dollars were donated to help. In Hubei, the number of people who were affected by the drought came to 800 thousand. The precipitation in the drought disaster areas decreased 80% compared to the same seasons in the past
utils	180 Qing areas were affected, 4 million dollars sent for their relief. Up to 800 thousand people were affected by the drought. Precipitation levels had dropped 80% in those places where drought occurred
terrorism	The Kunmin Police held a maneuver for fighting against the terrorists with knives. Chinese China ...
terrorism	Kun Ming police held a maneuver opposing terrorists with knives in a zoo.
utils food shelter	For Feb 12 Earthquake's relief works. > Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on the relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on Feb 15 about relief works for the Feb 12 earthquake in Keriya County. The condition of the earthquake rescue mission and earthquake relief works were published in the press. This earthquake's magnitude was high. The tremor was strong, and its radius was wide, which affected 44 townships (neighborhoods), markets and pastures, in Keriye, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, Hotan Counties and Hotan City. 455,573 people suffered in this disaster
utils food shelter	An announcement to deal with the earthquake and provide relief regarding the February 12th earthquake Hotan Prefecture held a press conference in order to deal with the earthquake and provide relief for the February 12th earthquake that occurred in Keriye County. Hotan Prefecture held a press conference on February 15th, in order to cope with the quake and to save lives in the 7.3-magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriye County. They issued a general announcement about how to cope with the earthquake and provide disaster relief. This earthquake's magnitude level was high, the damage level was strong and the effected area was large. The earthquake not only effected Keriye, Niye, Chira, Lop, Karakash and Hotan counties, but also 44 townships (neighborhood committees) and animal husbandry farms belonging to Hotan City. A total of 455,573 residents have been affected by the disaster
evac	Forest Fire Hits Israel A large fire broke out near Beit Shemesh on July 24 and the people in the area have been evacuated. Casualty figures unclear so far. This was the largest forest fire disaster since the new year in Israel according to the information. The Israeli government sent 150 firefighters and 13 helicopters to the affected area
evac	There was a forest fire in Israel. At the local time of July 24, a forest fire broke out in Beit Shemesh, a city near the center of Israel. Citizens near the fire area had been evacuated in emergency, and so far no casualties were reported. This was the largest forest fire this year in Israel. Thirteen firefighting planes and more than 150 firemen were dispatched to the area
shelter	The rescue from danger and disaster activities began rapidly. Xinjiang Group of the People's Armed Police Force began the rescue from danger and disaster activities rapidly. At 19 minutes past 5 o'clock p.m, Feb 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit the Kiriye County Xoten prefecture. The seismic origin was 12 kilometers in depth, of 24 thousand town residents, more than 9 thousand people were affected. Houses were damaged in different levels, 86 houses collapsed, and 187 livestock were killed
shelter	Emergency rescue work is being implemented Armed police force Xinjiang regional corps implemented the emergency rescue work with full strength. A magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 17:19 pm in February. The depth of epicenter was 12 km, the quake effected 2,400 villagers and more than 9,000 people. 891 houses experienced cracks in their walls to varying degrees, 86 houses collapsed and 187 livestock died
shelter	100 officers and solders from production troops headed to the disaster area. Within the five minutes after the earthquake, the Xinjiang Group of People's Armed Police Force came out with a plan for rescue from danger and disaster. 20 officers and solders of No 4 detachment of the Xoten contingent arrived at the Pishke village of Achchan town, the nearest township to the epicenter, by the time of 10 minutes past 7 o'clock p.m. Until the article was published, 20 tents had been made in the resident yard of Pishke village
shelter	100 officers and soldiers from the Production Battalion started their rescue trip to the earthquake affected area. Less than 5 minutes after the quake, armed police force Xinjiang regional corps established their emergency relief plan describing how to overcome the disaster. 20 officers and soldiers from the 4th squadron of the armed police force Hotan Prefecture division arrived at the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter. 20 army tents were set up on the grounds of the Pishke village residents' committee while this report was being announced
food	The people who lost their homes have been arranged in tents and the situation of the affected community has been relatively stable. The vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, Alijan ( on the left) and his team, is preparing the aids for the affected area. Alijan, the vice president of the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, is having his team members prepare lamb for the people in the affected area. The company employees are collecting donations. The Wechat thanks the heartwarming group of the Ilqi Company for calling on their employee all around Xinjiang. The Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company brought the love and passion for all of their employees to the affected area
food	The victims whose houses collapsed were living in the shelters, and their situation was keeping basically stable. On February 13, 2014, Alijan (on the left), the vice president of the Ilqi textile company supplied clothing, slaughtered sheep, and organized employees to donate money to the victims in affected area. After the Hotan Ilqi Company's friendly appeal to its employees in different places in Xinjiang via their WeChat platform, the Ilqi Wool Clothes company came to the disaster area with kind wishes to send their regards on behalf of all the Ilqi employees
shelter	The Uyghurs make up 98.3% of the total population, or 200,000, and Chinese people make up 1.68%, or 3562. Besides that there are some other ethnic groups like Hui, Kazak, Kirgiz, and Manchurian. The number of farmers is 184,000 and the area is one of the places that Uyghurs are densely populated. After the earthquake on February 12, the local armed forces moved on and arrived at the disaster area at night and set up temporary tents for the people who had lost their households in Pishke village of Achchan township, the most affected area in Keriya County, Hotan. Just after this helpful aid, all the employees in the Hotan Ilqi Woolen Textile Clothing Company, the branch company of the Xinjiang Ilqi Clothing Cultural Development Company, collected their donations and delivered to the affected area at night
shelter	Among them there are 200 thousand Uyghur, accounting for 98.3% of the county's population; There are 3,562 Han people, which account for 1.68% of the county's population; Besides them are some other ethnic groups of Hui, Kazak, Kirgiz, Manzhu. There are 184 thousand farmers living in Uyghur. On February 12, after the earthquake, Yutian County's Armed Forces arrived at the disaster scene at the first time, and built shelters for those who lost their houses in Pixka of Jijan village, Yutian County, where the disaster severely affected the area. Then the whole staff from the Xinjiang's Hotan Ilqi textile company of Ilqi Clothing Culture Development Co., Ltd. sent disaster relief supplies to the disaster area
food shelter	Our Kiriye friends' thank you letter Our Kiriye friends' thank you letter. May peace be upon you. Dear friends and family, Please give our sincere regards from the victims of the disaster to our friends from both inside and outside the Autonomous Region, helping us through the tough times with their cares and worries, by remembering us in their prayers
food shelter	Grateful greetings from compatriots of Yutian county. Grateful greetings from compatriots of Yutian county. Distinguished friends and fellows, hello! Compatriots inside and outside Xinjiang, who helped us pull through with a helping hand, cared about us, worried about us and selflessly prayed for good luck for us: people from the disaster area thank you a lot and extend greetings to you
terrorism	Turkey bombed the terrorists' base in Iraq.
terrorism	Turkey bombarded some terrorist nests in Iraq.
food	They have brought 550, 000 CNY ( 84,600 USD) and 300, 000 CNY in material aid. Langger village in Keriya was the first stop for them and they visited 220 affected families. They distributed 500 CNY in cash, one bag of flour, and one bag of rice for each family
food	They carried the donation of RMB 550,000 cash and RMB 300,000 of goods. First, they visited 220 families in financial difficulties, who were also affected by earthquake in Langar Village, Yutian County. They delivered RMB 500 cash, a bag of flour and a bag of rice to every family
utils	0 Y6 k: W! H9 I0 D( L; g2 i0 N, K8 h$ C According to Xinhua (telegram), suffering from several factors like climate warming and increasing human activities, the glaciers of Xinjiang are melting more rapidly these days. To protect the "hard water reservoir" in dry regions during Xinjiang's "13[th] Five-Year Plan" time, ice travel will be limited overall
utils	0 Y6 k: W! According to the Xinhua agency news, under the influence of climate warming and frequent human activities, glaciers in Xinjiang have been melting fast in recent years. In order to protect the "water reservoir" in the arid area, Xinjiang prohibited ice tourism during "the 13th Five-year Plan.
evac	Sixty nine instances of aftershocks occurred in Kyushu, Japan, and a volcano erupted on a small scale. According to the Japanese Television Station NHK, more than 69 aftershocks of magnitude higher than 3 (2.5 3.5 magnitude) occurred
evac	Aftershocks in Kyushu Reached 69 Times, a Small Volcanic Eruption Occurs According to the Japan NHK TV news, higher than 3 (2.5-3.5) magnitude aftershocks have happened approximately 69 times
evac	According to the twitter feed of the Japanese Red Cross, Japanese hospitals were treating people who were injured at the earthquake. Two rescue teams, from Kyushu and Shikoku, arrived at Kyushu
evac	According to the Red Cross's twitter message, hospitals in Japan are busy with treatment for the injuries. Rescue teams from Kyushu, Shikoko and others went to Komamoto
food shelter	The 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan. President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time on Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
food shelter	A 7.3-magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriye, Hotan President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye. Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions to the rescue workers
food	If the phone number was left here, I would argue for him on phone. Yesterday, I gave a good lesson to a guy who committed domestic violence in Korla. If he beats his wife again from now, I will call 110
food	I would be willing to help him dial the telephone number if he gave me the area code. I gave a lesson to someone who committed domestic violence last night. I would call the police if you hit your wife again
utils food shelter	In addition, "Safe Supermarket" in Lop County donated 8,000 Yuan, 1,000 boxes of mineral water, and also took charge of the 1500 Yuan transfer fee for this donation. The "People Monument Charity Team" made a lot of effort for this rescue activity. The seven trucks of supplies collected by this team among the whole Autonomous Region, head to Kiriye today. At Urumqi local time 7, calligraphers like Master Adiljan, Yasin Kërim, Muhemmtallaberdi Nekqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Qaraqashi, and Master Ëlijan, along with 20 sons of the "People Monument Charity Team," took the banners, posters, and flags prepared with the help of Ms. Munire, leader of the "People Monument Charity Team," and headed to the disaster area
utils food shelter	In addition, the Hatirjem supermarket at Lop County donated 8,000 yuan and 1,000 boxes of mineral water. They also assumed responsibility for the transportation costs (1,500 yuan). The El-abide Charity played an important role in supporting the affected people with donation activities at this time. This charity organization's branch groups in the autonomous region prepared a great amount of rescue goods and loaded six trucks bound for Keriye County. Today, at 7:00 a.m., Urumqi time, our calligraphers, including Teacher Adiljan, Yasen Kerim, Muhemmet Allaberdi Neqqash, Muhemmetjan Abdulla Karakashi, Teacher Alijan, etc., and the 20 young men from the El-abide Charity were to set out on a trip to the affected area. They also were to bring with them banners, placards, and posters, prepared with the support of Mrs. Munewwer, the head of the El-abide Charity
utils evac food shelter	Rescuing job for Feb 12 earthquake in Kiriye has orderly carried out. After the earthquake in Keriye on Feb 12, the Central and Autonomous governments attached great attention to relief work, and immediately activated the emergency works. The rescue teams have reached the affected regions and begun their rescuing mission
utils evac food shelter	The disaster relief works on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed methodically The disaster relief work on February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been done methodically. After the earthquake occurred in Keriye on February 12, CPC Central committee, Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangement immediately. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived on time to the effected area and started their emergency work immediately
evac shelter	According to the report from the Autonomous Region Emergency Care Office, at 19:00, Feb 13, Tian Wen, representing the Autonomous Region government, a vice president of the Autonomous Region government, held an arrangement meeting in the affected regions. He checked the earthquake impacts, and made further rescuing plans. At 23:30, Feb 13, more than 60,000 people in Keriye County, Qira County, Niya County, Lop County, Karakash County, Hotan County and Hotan City have suffered from the earthquake, more than 20,000 people have immediately relocated to safety, more than 3000 houses of 1000 families have toppled, more than 2000 livestock have died, and no death count has been reported. After the earthquake, Hotan Prefecture officials implemented a plan to resist the earthquake
evac shelter	The reporter was informed by the Autonomous Regional emergency affairs office, that Tian Wen, the vice chairman of autonomous region, who arrived on the scene was commissioned by the autonomous regional Party committee and people's government. He organized an on-the-spot earthquake headquarters' emergency meeting, to summarize the disaster situation and made arrangements as to how they would overcome the next possible aftershocks. Until 23:30, nearly 60,000 people were effected by the quake, 20,000 people evacuated to safety shelters, more than a thousand families' 3,000 rooms collapsed and more than 2,000 livestock died at Keriye, Chira, Niye, Lop, Karakash, Hotan counties as well as Hotan city during the February 13 earthquake. No casualties have been reported. After the quake, Hotan Prefecture administrative council immediately set up an emergency rescue plan and put it into operation
evac	Zhejiang province seriously affected by a cyclone. Zhejiang and Shanghai provinces of China suffered a cyclone on Saturday
evac	Severe tropical storm hits Zhejiang province A severe tropical storm hits China's province Zhejiang and Shanghai City on Saturday
food shelter	Let our generosity continue until our people rebuild their home. Let it continue until their livestock makes noise again in their new pens. Let it be continuous until our student brothers and sisters from Keriya can be concentrated on their study in other cities without concern about their families... I am proud of being Uyghur and I am pleased about it, oh world! I am proud of the volunteers who rushed to the disaster area with the love of brotherhood without concern about a possible remaining quakes and danger and proud of our all rich businessmen who embraced their own people and helped them with all their power. In short, I am proud of my nation as an Uyghur. Move on, united people, and move on for strength! In the moment my heart beats for Hotan I truly realised that human beings are related and all Uyghurs are closely related. February 16, 2014, Bortala City
food shelter	Let us keep such generosity. Let us keep such generosity until people like Matkasim have been rebuilt; let us keep such generosity until people like Mattursun again have domestic animals; let us keep such generosity until students like Ayshamgul from Yutian County and Matkasim continue their studies again.... I am proud of my Uyghur identity and I feel honored to be Uyghur, oh world. I am proud of the volunteers who have rushed to the site to help, ignoring the potential danger and aftershocks; I am proud of the entrepreneurs who have embraced their people and did what they could do as much as possible for the victims. In short, I am proud of the Uyghur nationality. Uyghur is united. When I hold my heart in longing for Hotan, I deeply feel that all human beings are relatives and all people of Uyghur are relatives.Bole City, February 14th, 2014 Wapadari
shelter	Due to a cyclone in Fiji 35 thousand people lost their residences. Fijian government officials reported that 35 thousand people lost their residences due to the cyclone. They are staying in shelters now
shelter	Affected by the storm in Fiji, 35,000 people were wandering outside. Fiji government officials have reported that their country has suffered from a big storm and that 35,000 affected people were living in shelters
terrorism	An explosion occurred in Ankara, resulting in 27 deaths and 75 injuries.
terrorism	A bombing happened in Ankara, killed 27 people and injured 75 people. Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
terrorism	Chinese extremism going under excuse of "Terrorism" : East Turkistan Propaganda Center
terrorism	China's evil behavior under the umbrella of "terrorism". Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
shelter	A Koran didn't get damaged in the burning house during a fire hazard in United Arab Republic... http://t.co/7prZDs43X
shelter	The Quran was not damaged during the fire that happened in the Arab Empire. http://t.co/7prZDs43X
evac shelter	The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery. After a landslide occurred in Badahxan province in the northeastern part of Afghanistan on the 2nd, the village was buried under the debris. The local government confirmed the deaths of 350 people and that of 2000 people were missing. Unfortunately, the number of people affected by the disaster remains unclear
evac shelter	The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The landslide disaster occurred on May 2nd and the people in the village all have been buried in Badakhshan province, in the northwest part of Afghanistan. The local government confirmed more than 350 people were dead and more than 2,000 people were missing following the disaster. But a definite death count has not been confirmed
shelter	According to British media, a rescue team from the United Nations was now focusing on resettling the 400 survivors. They used small vehicles and helicopters to deliver emergency relief goods to the disaster areas. The local government helped to resettle survivors in temporary shelters. However, it also explained that not enough shelters were available for survivors. On the 3[rd], people from the village of Aab Barik, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan, waited around the disaster area, hoping for excavators to dig out survivors. Currently, the one and only large rescue vehicle was an excavator which the local government transported in with a truck. Some village residents around the area also helped in the rescue by using shovels to move the rocks away. One of survivals who luckily escaped the mudslide disaster reported: "I was buying something at that moment. After I head that the village was covered with rocks, I ran back to my home. Unfortunately, all of my four children and wife were already buried under the rocks." The wife and five children of Piro, another resident, were also killed and buried under the rocks. When the disaster happened, he was standing on top of his roof. After heard a sudden intense sound, he saw the foundation of mountain collapse and destroy a couple of houses. While he was collecting neighbors and encouraging them to take part in the rescue work, even bigger rocks along with mud began rolling down from the mountain. He and his neighbors had to run with no choice left. When they looked back, the village had already "disappeared.
shelter	According to the UK media, a United Nations relief team gave attention to the situation of the 400 people who had survived, transferring relief items, small cars and helicopters to the disaster areas. Surviving villagers had been situated in temporary housing by the local government. But reportedly there had not been nearly enough tents to provide to people who lost their houses. Many people were waiting for the excavator to dig out the corpses under the soil in Abi-Barik Village of Badakhshan province, Afghanistan, on May 3rd. The excavator was the only rescue vehicle transported on the truck by the local government. The nearest villager with a small hoe also took part in the relief work. One of the survivors said: "At that time, I was shopping in the bazaar, then hearing the news of thedisaster, I went back home immediately, but my wife and four children had been buried by the soil." iroza's wife and five children, from another village, also were buried by the soil in the disaster. When the disaster happened, he heard a sudden loud noise on the roof, then saw the collapsed mountain, at close range, strike some houses in the village. Big stones and debris had been falling down when he intended to warn the neighborhood, so he and some of his neighbors had been running away, but as they turned around and looked at the village, the village had "disappeared.
food	The government of Afghanistan decided to change the place that a landslide occurred, into a communal cemetery. The government of Afghanistan has not yet confirmed the number of missing people; around 400 people were negatively affected by the disaster. The government authorities decided to change the area where the landslide occurred into a communal cemetery
food	Afghanistan to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave. The Afghan government has not confirmed the number of persons missing. About 400 people were affected. The government expressed its intent to designate the landslide disaster area as a collective grave
terrorism	USA will fight against Daish also in Afghanistan
terrorism	Americans also fight against D'aix in Afghanistan.
terrorism	32 Daish, who attacked Bashika, were killed.
terrorism	32 people were killed in the Baxika attack.
shelter	350 houses were destroyed during the Hotan earthquake. 350 houses were destroyed during the Hotan earthquake. A report from the Chinese police network showed that the 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, at 5:15 pm on the 12[th]. The police authority actively collected information about the rescue efforts
shelter	There were 350 houses ruined in the earthquake in Hotan. There were 350 houses ruined in the earthquake in Hotan. The Chinese Police Network, in a telegram, at15:19:50 p.m. February 12th, reported that an earthquake of M7.3 hit Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in Yutian County. The Yutian County Public Security Bureau asked for timely information and collected rescue methods for post-earthquake relief
terrorism	The death toll increased after Daish car bomb. http://t.co/pLphrqgX8
terrorism	The number of people who died in the bus bombing incident are increasing in D'aix. http://t.co/pLphrqgX8
evac food shelter	The number of victims in the Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000. The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown
evac food shelter	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. e The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong)
evac food shelter	The number of victims in Keriye Earthquake has reached 50,000, according to journalist Mao Yong in the Xinhua Agency's report on Feb. 14. According to the report from the Civil Affair Bureau, the Autonomous Region was informed thatfurther investigation in the quake-hit region of Keriye County reveals that the number of victims has reached 50,000. However, the exact death toll remains unknown. The statistic released by the Civil Affair Bureau of the Autonomous Region shows that as of eight o'clock on Feb 14, in the quake-hit Hotan District's six counties (including Keriye, Chira, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan) 58,127 people were affected. 19905 has been relocated to a safe place. 3246 properties belonging to 1156 families have been toppled, 14540 properties belonging to 5489 families have been seriously damaged, and 2163 various livestock have been killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km in roads have been damaged. The death toll remains unknown. The damage investigation is still underway
evac food shelter	The victims in Keriya County number up to 50 thousand. The reporter learned from the Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region that the victims number up to 50 thousand, based on the investigation of the disaster situation, but the number of casualties is not clear, the Xinhua News Agency reported on February 14th in Urumchi (reporter: Mao Yong). According to the Statistics of Civil Affairs Department of the Autonomous Region, by 8:00 a.m. (Urumchi time) on February 14th, there were total of 58,127 victims in Keriya, Minfeng, Qira, Lop, Moyu and Hotan counties. 19,905 people were moved for relocation. 3,426 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, serious damage was done to 14,540 houses of 5,489 families, slight damage done to 15,782 houses of 7,254 families and 2,163 livestock have died. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of roads were damaged. The number of casualties is not known. Further investigation into the disaster situation is being done
terrorism	Turkey army stopped 11 terrorists.
terrorism	Turkey army took care of 11 terrorists.
shelter	An earthquake has occurred in Keriya. On Wednesday afternoon, in the Keriya region of the Uyghur Autonomous Region, an earthquake occurred. It was reported that many farmers lost their positions and shelters
shelter	A serious earthquake happens in Keriya County As far as we know, many Uighur people lost their housing after the serious earthquake in Keriya County in the afternoon on Wednesday
terrorism	UN officials on September 11 in America UN officials: September 11 is an American plot
terrorism	U.N. officials: the September 11 incident was the product of an American conspiracy. U.N. officials: The September 11 incident was the product of an American conspiracy
utils evac food shelter	Rescue project of "February 12[th] " Keriya earthquake handled as planned After the earthquake struck Keriya on February 12[th] , the Xinjiang Communist Party paid close attention to it, and assigned a disaster crisis team to respond as quickly as possible to the rescue project
utils evac food shelter	The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County was performed in orderly fashion The disaster relief work following the February 12th earthquake in Keriye County has been performed in orderly fashion. Following the earthquake in Keriye on February 12, the CPC Central committee and the Autonomous Regional committee showed great concern and made arrangements immediately to provide relief. Through the emergency departments' quick responses, the rescue teams arrived promptly at the affected area and started their emergency work immediately
evac shelter	A reporter learned from the disaster crisis office that at 7:00 pm on February 12[th], Tian Wen, the vice president of Xinjiang Autonomous Region, representing the Communist Party of Xinjiang and the Council of State in a visit to the disaster area, hosted a leadership conference to summarize the disaster situation and plan the next step of the coping strategy. As of February 13[th] at 11:30 pm, the earthquake affected approximately 60 thousand people from Qira province, Niya province, Lop province, Karakash province, and the city and province of Hotan. Around 20 thousand people were relocated. Around 3,000 houses belonging to 1,000 families were destroyed. There were 2000 sheep reported dead. There has as yet been no report of injuries to people. After the earthquake, the Social Security office of Hotan province implemented a coping strategy for the emergency situation
evac shelter	A reporter was informed by the Autonomous Regional emergency affairs office that Tian Wen, the vice chairman of the autonomous region, arrived on the scene, commissioned by the autonomous regional party committee and people's government. He organized an on-the-spot earthquake emergency headquarters meeting, to assess the disaster situation and make arrangements for dealing with possible aftershocks. As of 23:30, nearly 60,000 people were affected by the quake, 20,000 people evacuated to safety shelters; more than 3,000 rooms of a thousand families collapsed, and more than 2,000 livestock died in Keriye, Chira, Niye, Lop, Karakash, and Hotan counties as well as in Hotan city as a result of the February 13 earthquake. No casualties have been reported. After the quake, the Hotan Prefecture administrative council immediately set up an emergency rescue plan and put it into operation
terrorism	"If we fight well this year, the nomads in the mountain area and special peasants in the plant area in Kiriye County will move into Settle and Enrich People houses next year," Ma shiyao jün, the leader of the Settle and Enrich People's Office, told us. Related articles: On June 16, Urumqi Intermediate People's Court openly sentenced first trial of "October 28" violent terrorist attack in Beijing, on the same day the three prefecture level people's court of Xinjiang also sentenced the different crimes... People's Net, October 14 telegraph: At 05:43, Aksu city of Aksu Prefecture, Xinjiang Autonomous Region (Northward 8 40... From June 26, rain crossed the Yili river valley. Including the rain in Toqquztara County, within 24 hours the amount of rainfall reached 894 milliliters, which broke the highest record of rainfall for this area... The 5.6 level earthquake which happened on July 3, 2015, in Guma County, Xoten, broke the local record. All the local people were seriously affected, but, after the earthquake, came into action..
terrorism	Ma Xiaojun, the director of the safety and quake-resistance office of the Keriye County government, said: "If we make the efforts farmers and nomads in the mountainous area and the masses in the villages of Keriye County will move into newly constructed, secure houses." The related contents: On June 16, the Urumqi city middle court announced a verdict regarding the October 28th" terror attack which occurred in Beijing at the first trial. On the same day, three prefectural courts of Xinjiang also announced verdicts on extreme crimes...A telegram from the People's Net, Beijing, October 14: According to the report from a micro-blog of the state seismological bureau's website, today (October 14) at 05:43 am, Aksu city of the Aksu prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (northern latitude 840 ... Rain has occurred at the Ili River Valley since June 26, here, at Tokkuztara County, the total rain amount reaching 894 millimeters within 24 hours, breaking the historical record...A 5.6-magnitude earthquake hit Guma County of Hotan Prefecture on July 3, 2015. People of various nationalities at the scene were affected so much...After the quake, the masses immediately mobilize
utils shelter	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County
utils shelter	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County
utils food shelter	The victims of earthquake in Kiriye will move into new houses. About reconstruction after earthquake in Kiriye County. It's been three months since the "Feb 12" earthquake in Kiriye. The reconstruction, production, and self-rescue work have been flourishing in the most affected Pishke town, Achchan village, Kiriye County. The construction effort to settle and enrich the people has been advanced in the shape of rebuilding roads, electric wires, stream and irrigation channels...Sadik Rejep, party secretary of Pishke town, claimed that "in the reconstruction after earthquake has begun since March 24, 25 houses have been roofed among whole villages, and construction will be accomplished at the end of May.
utils food shelter	The disaster affected residents moving into new houses in Keriye. Rehabilitation work came after the earthquake in Keriye county. Three months have passed since the "February 12th" earthquake disaster in Keriye. It means trying to revive and reconstruct, doing production and self-relief work in the Pishke Village of Achchan Township, the most quake-affected area in Keriye County. The construction of quake-resistant housing has begun, and the richness project has been broadly undertaken, as have the orderly reconstruction of roads, electricity wires, and irrigation channels. Sadiq Rejep, the Pishke village Party chief, said: "Since starting reconstruction works on March 25th, the roofs of 25 families' houses were covered. The construction will finish up at the end of May.
terrorism	Threats and terrorism in Turkey.
food	He was born to a wealthy peasant family in 1925. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youngsters were offered scholarships from the French Protectorate of Cambodia to study in Paris, France. (At that time, Cambodia was under French suzerainty.) Among them, there was one peasant's son. This youth's name was Saloth Sar, and his later name was Pol Pot. (However, at that time, even his family didn't know Pol Pot was his name. Since 1975, this name, Pol Pot, has become a shocking name in Cambodia.) After Saloth Sar came to Paris, he got in touch with Cambodian students and joined the Cambodian Student Union. During this time, after he studied Marxism and Leninism, he formed his understandings of socialism and communism. In 1950, Saloth Sar founded the Cambodian Communist Party. In 1956, he returned to his country and worked for the French underground anti-colonist movement. Following that, he gained more and more power. In 1976, by overturning the pro-American regime with his armed forces, he became prime minister. Then, the skirmishes that were occurring between the Vietnamese and Cambodians intensified into a war between them. As a result, Vietnam occupied most parts of Cambodia. The Khmer Rouge sentenced him to lifelong imprisonment in 1997. He died due to illness. In 1970, Lon Nol seized the regime from Sihanouk under the American military's support. In 1975, Pol Pot declared unexpectedly his order of starting a revolution. On April 17, 1975, he became prime minister by overthrowing Lon Nol's regime. On June 21, 1975, Mao Zedong met Pol Pot. On January 1, 1976, he announced new a constitution and laws and changed the country's name to Democratic Cambodia
food	He was born into a rich peasant family. In 1949, 20 Cambodian youth won scholarships to study in Paris (Cambodia was a colony of France at that time). Among them was a peasant's son named Saloth Sar, also called Burbutie (though his family didn't know it, he was called Burbu as well. From the year of 1975 on, the name Burbu would be very famous in Cambodia). After he came to Paris, Sharlut Zhao made contact with students who had come to Paris previously, and invited them to join the <Cambodia students' union>. During this time, he studied Marxism and Leninism, and formed his views on social democracy. In 1950, Sharlut Zhao established the <Cambodia communist party>. In 1956, he went back to his country and engaged in underground activities against the French colonial regime. Later on, he gradually enhanced his activities, and in 1976, he overthrew the pro-American government. After that, Vietnam would occupy most of the country in the course of the war between Cambodia and Vietnam. In 1997, Burbu was sentenced to life imprisonment and died of an illness in 1998. Earlier, the Langno group had overthrown Sihanouk with the help of America. In 1975, Burbu had ordered the whole country to start a revolution, which overthrew the Langno group. On June 21st, 1975, Mao Zedong met with Burbu. On May 1st, 1976, Burbu proclaimed a constitution and established democratic Cambodia
food	The natural and social disasters in Qarluq Ghol Last to edit this post: mykari
food	Natural and human disasters in Karluk Gol (Kariz) This report was finally edited by Mykariz
food shelter	Philanthropist Fathers Showed their Sincere Sympathy to the People of Stricken Tokkuztara Area Correspondent Nijat Niyaz reports with photos: Though it's almost the month of December, Tokkuztara county in Ili Prefecture is still enjoying the warm weather. The warm sunshine is making people feel warm, prosperous and peaceful. The 10 representatives of the Philanthropist Fathers Collective of the Urumqi Charity Association who just travelled more than 800 kilometers distance from Urumqi have arrived in Tokkuztara county to express their sympathy to all people in the disaster area of Tokkuztara county. In the early morning of November 13, guided by the county and village leaders, the team went to the heavily damaged areas of Moyung Guzer hamlet, Gongshang hamlet, Kesme Bulaq hamlet, Kizilnur hamlet, Dongmelle hamlet, Oytam hamlet and Uchkun hamlet, of Dong Mahalla village in Tokkuztara county, and conveyed greetings to families who had been the recipients of the "minimum life insurance system" who have seriously suffered from the disaster, as well as veteran teachers and patriotic religious figures that numbered almost 100
food shelter	Loving Fathers team showed their sympathy for the victims in Gongliu County. Station reporter Nijat Niyaz contributed to the report and picture: Even though it was going to be December, Yili Autonomous Prefecture was still warm, the sunshine in Gongliu County shone generously, which gave a kind of warm and peaceful feeling. Ten representatives of Urumqi Charity Association Loving Fathers Team had gone 800 kilometers to come to show their sympathy for Urumqi, and went to some towns like Muyungguzar, Gungshang, Kasmibulak, Kizilnur, Dongmahalla, Oytam, Uqkun, and had visited about 100 low income families, patriotic religious people, on the morning of the November 13th
food	In short, ,mighty nature punched us when we shouted at her. The masculine water comes down from the pick of Karakorum mountains, headbutting many dams and blocks, and becomes feminine water after losing its power. At the macro level, the water management became technical, systematic, and regulated
food	Quickly, we did some damage to nature, and it did even more damage to us. Water was falling down strongly from the big mountains, hit some dams and water "locks" while falling down to become "female water", then finally falling into little rivers and farms. Dams were updating in micro, technologic, systematic levels
terrorism	Thailand rejected two Uyghur terrorist suspects who had entered. Thailand Immigration...
terrorism	Thailand rejected the entry of two Uyghur terrorist.
shelter	Peasants of Gulja: "Building apartments were safe, soil houses collapsed" (2) One Chinese government resource...
shelter	Farmers in Gulja: "buildings survived, brick houses collapsed" (2). From sources in the Chinese government
utils evac	Www.Alkuyi.Com! Please remember the address of our website, Alkuyi. Name: viewed 5513 times. Magnitude 6.6 earthquake occurred in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and the tremor in Urumchi City was very strong. Alkuyi Network news , June 30 : At 03:07 Urumchi Time , June 30, 2012, in the border between Kunes County, Ili Kazak Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, and Hejing County, Batin'ghulin Prefecture (at 43.4 degrees north latitude and 84.8 degrees east longitude) a strong 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurred. The earthquake depth was 7 km. The tremor was very strong in cities like Urumchi, Sanji, Chochek, Kuytun, and Shixo
utils evac	Please remember the address of Alkuyi.net: www.Alkuyi.com Live: There was a magnitude 6.6 earthquake in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and it affected Urumqi strongly, June 30 (Alkuyi.net): June 30, 2012, 3:07 PM, there was magnitude 6.6 M earthquake in Xinyuan Town and Hejing Town, Yili Autonomous Prefecture, and Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous region (location: 43.4 N; 84.8 E). The seismic depth was up to 7 km. When the earthquake occurred, Urumqi, Changji, Kuitun, Tacheng and Xihu were affected strongly
food	Thailand Hit by Its Worst Drought in Decades The head of the National Council for Peace and Order and Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army Prayut became the prime minister of Thailand's interim government after passing the approval of the Thai Bhumibol in the morning of February 25. China News Service on February 25 reports that Thai Prime Minister Prayut called on farmers to reduce rice production, which he hopes will prevent the water shortage from getting worse
food	Thailand was suffering the worst drought in decades. Bayu, the chairman of the National Peace Sustainability Committee and the commander of ground forces, on June 25 in the afternoon, got ex-king Bhumibol's approval and formally became the prime minister of a provisional government. On February 25, according to foreign news agencies (China news service), Thailand prime minister Bayu indicated that farmers should reduce their amount of rice sowing to deal with a growing water shortage crisis noted on February 24
utils	Tornado hits Texas, USA, killing more than 10 people The Dallas area, after the tornado, the state of Texas, in the south of the USA. The Dallas area has been hit by a tornado in the evening of December 26. According to the results of the initial investigation, 11 people have died as a result of the disaster and 15 people were injured
utils	More than 10 people were killed by a tornado in Texas, USA. On the evening of December 26, Dallas, Texas, in southern America, was hit by a tornado. According to the primary statistics, 11 people died and 15 were injured in the disaster
utils food shelter	Residents of the earthquake area in Keriya, Xinjiang did not have to worry about food and clothes. The Xinhua Agency, Urumqi, report on February 20[th]. The Xinjiang Hotan Communist Party learned that providing emergency help and crisis intervention on time completed the rescue project for the Keriya earthquake on February 12[th]. The earthquake victims were resettled appropriately, and constantly received donations from all over society. They were no longer worrying about food and clothing
utils food shelter	Food and clothing were guaranteed for affected people in the earthquake disaster area in Keriye Xinhua news agency, Urumqi, February 20th report: According to the information from the Hotan Prefecture Party Committee, the emergency relief and support efforts following the February 12 earthquake in Keriye County are nearly concluded. All affected people have been relocated to safety shelters, emergency aid has been distributed, and food, clothing, and other daily necessities guaranteed
terrorism	5 terrorists were killed in Tunisia.
terrorism	Five terrorist died in Tunisia.
terrorism	The suspects of the Brussels terrorist attacks have been captured: Belgium authority The terrorist attack on 22 march.
terrorism	Belgium authorities claimed that on March 22ed, a suspected terrorist was arrested.
utils	1933: The United States has a diplomatic relationship with the Soviet Union. 1940: The Jewish ghetto in Warsaw is sealed off by a high wall from the outer world. 1943: The US Navy bombs Germany's heavy water factory in Norway and delays its plan to obtain the atomic bomb
utils	Today in 1933，the U.S. and the Soviet Union established diplomatic relations. Today in 1940, the Warsaw Ghetto was completely isolated by the Germans as part of to the Holocaust. Today in 1943，the US army bombed a huge German water works in Norway, which effectively delayed Germany from acquiring an atomic bomb
terrorism	European attempt of terror
terrorism	Europe's terrorist drill.
utils	Chennai experiences serious floods. Heavy rainfall in Tamil Nadu, an area in northeastern India, has resulted in floods. After raining for half a month, it did not stop. Instead, it continued for days uninterrupted to make the city a "water country." Airports, train stations, and schools were closed. 60% of households lost electricity. Thousands of people were trapped. Authorities sent soldiers and rescue teams to severely damaged disaster areas for assistance
utils	1) Severe floods occurred in Chennai, India. Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu in southern India, has suffered from a serious flood disaster. For half a month it had rained, and the water had not drained. Starting from Monday (Nov 30th), the city had suffered a couple of rainy days again and a new "water city" was formed. Airports, railway stations and schools were closed, 60% of families lost power, and thousands of houses were blocked. Departments arranged for soldiers and defense forces to rescue the affected people in disaster areas
evac	A raging fire on the Philippines' highest mountain. Xinhua News Agency, report of March 28[th] , According to the Philippines' Business newspaper, a fire disaster occurred on the Philippines' highest mountain, Mt. Apo, due to extremely dry weather. There were no reported injures, and nearly 1,000 tourists who were on the mountain were evacuated by noon yesterday. News reports stated that firefighters dug ditches that were seven feet deep in order to contain the blaze, which began on March 26[th] and was still going 24 hours later, to stop it from spreading on the tourist hotspot of Mt. Apo
evac	A forest fire occurred on the highest mountain of the Philippines China news network March 28th report: According to a report of the Philippines Commercial News, a forest fire occurred on Mount Apo, the highest mountain in the Philippines. Nearly a thousand mountain climbers were evacuated. Fortunately, no one was injured. According to the news report, the fire started on March 26, local time, and continued for 24 hours. Firefighters dug a 2-meter-deep trench in order to prevent the spread of the fire to the mountain trail
terrorism	A conversation between Zhang Chunxian and Navaz Sharif was held to fight continuously against "terrorists"; Uyghur Autonomous Region.
terrorism	Zhuang Chunxian and Nawaz Xarih continued to discuss their partnerships to oppose "terrorism". Eastern Turkistan Publication Center.
food	Our Businessmen in the Keriya Disaster Area. Uyghur network media report from the disaster area...Peace upon you, our beloved brothers and sisters, on behalf of the Uyghur online community, as well as the heads of the Misranim and Anatuprak websites, who came to Hotan to bring the greetings and love of all the Uyghur nation to the Keriya people who have been affected by the earthquake. We are broadcasting real time news from the disaster area. Recently, we have been complaining about unhappy messages about fellow Uyghurs left on social media platforms like Wechat, Microblog, and some websites. When we arrived in Hotan today, we were so impressed with our businessmen who were ready to spend their wealth for their own people who are experiencing a life of hardship. Now, we are posting our news from the Hotan Abide Food Company. According to what we learned from here, Uyghur businessmen and companies, including Meghrip Trading Company Ltd., Miras Clothing, Abide Company, Telba School, Ejrim Company, Yadikar Tea Products, Sadaqet Company, Qaydu Company, and other businessmen whose names we don't yet know, gave 20 metric tons of wheat flour, 700,000 Yuan in material aid, and a huge amount of cash. They departed from Abide Food Company in Hotan, ready to deliver the material aide to their people in the disaster area. We will try to do our best to post real time news regularly from the disaster area, if Allah wills... The world is beautiful with love and caring. We wish our businessmen successful business and prosperity
food	Our entrepreneurs were in the disaster stricken areas. Uyghur websites which went to the stricken area contributed to the report... "Hello my dear fellows, today we, the presidents of the Ana Tuprak website, arrived at Hotan in order to send warmth and all of Uyghur 's sincere regard to the victims and give an on-the-spot report of the stricken area." Recently, more and more complaints have been made about Uyghur. When we reached the disaster area today, we were so excited to see our own entrepreneurs busy with helping their people as a reward. Now we are standing in Hotan City Abida Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. for a report. It is reported that Uyghur Commercial Co., Ltd., the Miras Clothing Industry, the Abida company, the Talba school, Magrip, the Ajrim Company, the Yadikar tea industry, the Sadakat company,the Kaydu company and some other unknown companies set out from Hotan Abida company with 20 tons of wheat flour, RMB 700,000 worth of goods and some money which was not clear in amount was sent as relief to the victims. We will broadcast the latest news as much as we can. The world is beautiful because of love. May our national enterprises be more prosperous
terrorism	China regulated the rewards of providing the information of terrorism in Uyghur land. Chinese government...
terrorism	Chinese government rewarding people who provide terror related information to them.
shelter	143 aftershocks occurred, and some livestock was killed. The report of the Uyghur Channel of People's Network on February 13[th] from Beijing stated: the 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 5:19 PM on February 12[th] . By 8:00 PM on February 12[th],, 143 aftershocks had occurred
shelter	143 aftershocks occurred in Yutian County, and a considerable percentage of the animals were dead. According to a telegram of the People's Network Uyghur channel from Beijing on Feb. 13th: At 17:19 on Feb. 12th, a M7.3 earthquake occurred in Xinjiang's Yutian County. As of 20:00, Feb. 12th, 143 aftershocks had occurred
utils evac food shelter	A report on August 10[th] from Chinese Media Network: Bagdash Network Translation: the Flood Protection and Drought Prevention team of the Fujian People's Government revealed: "This year a category 3 cyclone named "Sudilu" struck our mainland, creating an intense storm and heavy rain, and caused severe damages in all parts of the province." At 8:50 pm on August 9[th], "Sudilu" struck 9 city regions, 62 rural districts, and 609 villages in the province, including Ningdi, Fuzhou, Pingtan, Quanzhou, Sanming, Zhangzhou, and Xiamen , and caused damage for 1 million 302 thousand and 400 people. 3000 houses collapsed, and 513 thousand 900 people were immediately relocated. 57 thousand 610 acres of crops were destroyed. A 25.24 kilometer-long dam and a 0.2 kilometer-long dam entrance were severely damaged. 2,293 pieces of farming equipment were damaged. Around 219 hydroelectric power plants and their related instruments were destroyed. The direct financial damage came to 4 billion, 24 million yuan. Of that, the damage to the Electric Water Conservancies was 602 million yuan. Due to a heavy rain, 3 people rolled down from the mountain and died in Xi Rong village, Ningdi. A worker was washed away by the flood while he was relocating people
utils evac food shelter	The China information network reported news on August 10th : translated by Bagdash Network. The Disaster Command office of the Fujian Provincial People's Government said: The thirteenth typhoon Sodilo had landed on our province and created a gale and rainstorm, which is resulting in a disaster in many places. Byl 11:50 PM, August 9th, the typhoon Sodilo hit Ningdi, Futian, Fuji, Pingtan, Quanju, Sanming, Jiangju, Nanping, Xiamen and nine other cities, 62 towns, 609 villages, with one million 302 thousand 400 people hit by the disaster, which caused 3,000 houses to collapse. 513 thousand 900 people had been shifted. 57 thousand 610 Qing crops were affected by the disaster. A 25.24 kilometer dam and a 0.2 kilometer dam opening were damaged. 2,293 watering facilities were destroyed. 219 power stations were damaged. Direct economic losses was up to 4 billion 24 million yuan and water conservancy facility economic losses were 602 million yuan. Because of the heavy rain, rocks on mountains had rolled off and killed 3 people. One of the cadres of Juning town was washed away and is still missing
terrorism	France requests Russia to fight against Daish.
terrorism	France asked Russia to even attack D'aix more.
food	Donated Material Aid Departs to the Destination The material aid collected for the affected people in Keriya has departed. With the passionate support of friends everywhere, material aid collected today, including clothing, food, and bedding sets (total value is more than several tens of thousands yuan) departed from the Albehir main shop with two vans and a car to the affected people in Keriya. We entrusted the donations to the Amin Shipping Company. Thanks to all the friends for actively supporting our campaign
food	Relief supplies are on the way. The relief supplies, which were donated to the affected people in Yutian, are on the way. With the enthusiastic support of friends, we sent the relief supplies such as clothing, food, bedding and tens of thousands in cash to the Amin Aviation Logistics, in order to transfer them to the affected area by two minibuses and a car. Thank you to all who supported our event actively
shelter	Huge Bushfires Hit Western Australia. China News Agency: According to foreign media, a large forest fire raged in Western Australia on January 9. A large area of the forest was affected, with 95 houses burned and 4 people injured
shelter	A massive bushfire broke out in western Australia. CNN news: according to foreign media reports on 9th, a massive bushfire broke out in the west of Australia and most of the forests were affected. An estimated 95 houses were razed in the fire and four people were injured
evac food shelter	A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity Tashpolat Bilal Elqut A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Keriya , Hotan Prefecture, on February 12. By 19:00, February 13, Urumchi Time, 7838 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of Hotan including Keriya, Niye, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan County. Currently, 982 people among the affected people were properly situated ( most of the people in the affected area are still in danger). 157 houses collapsed and 180 rooms were severely damaged. The number of the rooms slightly damaged is 3117, and some barns were also damaged. It has been 3 days since the earthquake struck the area
evac food shelter	Fake love hidden inside charity. Fake love hidden inside charity, by Bilal Elqut. On February 2, there was a magnitude 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan Prefecture. By 9 o'clock, February 13, six counties, Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, Hotan, and 7,838 people had encountered a disaster. As of now, 982 people have been evacuated to safety (so there were many people who needed help). 157 houses collapsed and 180 houses were damaged severely and 3,117 houses were lightly affected and some livestock were killed. It has been 3 days since the earthquake
food	A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity A Fake Compassion Covered by Charity Tashpolat Bilal Elqut A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Keriya , Hotan Prefecture, on February 12. By 19:00, February 13, Urumchi Time, 7838 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of Hotan including Keriya, Niye, Lop, Qaraqash, and Hotan County. Currently, 982 people among the affected people were properly situated ( most of the people in the affected area are still in danger). 157 houses collapsed and 180 rooms were severely damaged. The number of the rooms slightly damaged is 3117, and some barns were also damaged. It has been 3 days since the earthquake struck the area. From this morning, I have been browsing websites for related news about the earthquake, but I have not seen any news, only messages about charitable activities for the brothers in the affected area. My heart has been broken. Eight thousand brothers and sisters in the poor area , eight thousand, hit by a merciless disaster and hardship. They remained homeless and helpless in the cold winter. The hands and feet of innocent kids froze and hardened. The mothers crushed under lifelong poverty and deprivation attempted to warm up their children with the last warmth that remained in their exhausted bodies and could not stop their tears. Bowlegged old grey beard fathers were stretching out their hands and making supplication to God for help. .. But their ten million brothers are busy with something else; they are still excited about the expensive show and Turkish pop stars. They are busy with planning to buy tickets for an upcoming show with a new Turkish star. If ten million brothers donated 1yuan( CNY), that would be ten million yuan. f the money is distributed to eight thousand people, it will be 1250 CNY for each person. That is not enough for them to survive through the winter and to manage their life properly after the disaster? Ten million yuan. It is not very much money. How difficult it is to collect this much money from our businessmen and rich people in our homeland? How difficult it is to build a new city in the affected area if ten million people work together ? What a pity! Where is action? Where is love? Where is brotherhood? Where is the faith of Islam and where are the people preaching on websites? Is this is not a chance to get rewards and to be faithful by doing good things? Is there any faithfulness more than this? What I am seeing ? Silence, ignorance, heartlessness, and irresponsibility . Suddenly I remembered some earthquakes a couple of years ago in the inland Chinese provinces. All were active and all were rushing to the affected area. Despite the far distance, our charitable people prepared goodlooking Uyghur breads and urged everyone to bring Uyghur foods to their Chinese brothers in the affected area for warming their hearts. The destination was very remote but the charitable aid arrived quickly. But our eight thousand affected brothers in the earthquake disaster in our homeland have been suffering from the cold and hunger for 3 days. The distance was very close but our love has not been able to warm up their hearts yet. The Uyghur breads have not been delivered to them by Uyghurs and we have not been able to cook and bring Uyghur food to them. In short, we could not fulfill our responsibilities as their brothers and as Muslims. Where are the charitable people ? Polo and kabab ( Uyghur foods) cannot be cooked in Hotan? Where are our businessmen and riches? You generosity cannot reach Keriya because it is too "far" ? What you have seen is your own motherland and those are your own people, not strangers. What you are seeing is needy and delicate hearts that expect love and hope from their brothers and there are no smiling faces there. Where are our Uyghurs? Where are our faithful Muslims and where are our businessmen and riches? If your love and compassion to your brothers have hardened like an ice or stone please chop them into smaller pieces and share with us
food	Fake love hidden inside charity. Fake love hidden inside charity, by Bilal Elqut. On February 2, there was a magnitude 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Yutian county, Hotan Prefecture. By 9 o'clock, February 13, six counties, Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, Hotan, and 7,838 people had encountered a disaster. As of now, 982 people have been evacuated to safety (so there were many people who needed help). 157 houses collapsed and 180 houses were damaged severely and 3,117 houses were lightly affected and some livestock were killed. It has been 3 days since the earthquake. I began reading Internet news regarding this event but no Uyghur news agency is reporting about helping or getting help for our brothers. My heart was broken. 8 thousand Uyghur brothers, and 8 thousand brothers in poor areas have now become homeless in the cold winter and are under tremendous stress that cannot be described in words. Tender hands and feet and lovely faces of children have become pale in the cold weather. Mothers who were poor and needy for life were holding their children in their arms to warm them with their own barely warm bodies and they were crying hopelessly. Strong fathers were praying and touching their beards with their wrinkled hands. Their 10 million brothers were still excited, talking about a Korean stars' music event, held some days ago, and thinking about the one that would be held in some days. If one person gives one yuan, one million brothers can make one million yuan. If this money were distributed to 8,000 people, it would be 1,250 yuan for one person. Isn't it enough for them to survive the cold winter and diminish the worry about disaster? 10 million yuan. How much do you think this is ? Do you think it is hard for famous entrepreneurs and rich people to collect 10 million? Do you think it is hard for 10 million people to get together to build a new city out of a stricken area? Unfortunate! Where is the action? Where is the love? Where is the brotherhood? Where is Muslimhood? Where are those Muslims who are so devout on the Internet? Isn't this a good opportunity to do good deeds and implement piousness? Can someone be more pious than this? What am I seeing? Impatience carelessness, hard-heartedness, irresponsibility. Suddenly, those earthquakes that happened over these few years echoed in my head. People near and far were all in action. Philanthropists made delicious nang. Although it was a very long distance away, they quickly appeared before their brothers and warmed their hearts with warm polo. Our philanthropists donated money, every-day supplies, and other material generously. The destination was so far away, but the help came on time. It has been three days since there was an earthquake and 8,000 brothers are in a disastrously cold winter. We are so close but we did not help them. Our nang hadn't reached them and we are not able to cook them polo. In short, we did not perform our obligations as brothers and Muslims. Where are those philanthropists? Can your roasts and polo be cooked in Yutian? Where are our entrepreneurs and rich people? Could your generosity reach those remote areas such as Hotan and Yutian? This is not just anyone's homeland. This is a treasure place where I was born. And these are not "other" people. These are the people who encourage us. This is not the face that smiles a lot. They need our brotherhood and encouragement in this cold weather. Where are those Uyghur, pious Muslims, entrepreneurs, philanthropists? Chop your cold-weather brotherhood with your weak ax and send it to those brothers who need help
food shelter	Where are the charitable people ? Polo and kabab ( Uyghur foods) cannot be cooked in Hotan? Where are our businessmen and riches
food shelter	Where are those philanthropists? Can your roasts and polo be cooked in Yutian? Where are our entrepreneurs and rich people
shelter	The visibility was down to 10 meters at 21 o'clock in the evening. A massive sandstorm appeared in Hotan City, and hit the urban region, which caused every place to be surrounded by plastic debris and rubbish. At 20:45, Hotan City was filled with sand, and people on the streets began to look for a place to hide
shelter	The visibility was reduced to less than 10 m at 9 o'clock at night. The city of Hotan witnessed the phenomenon of the wind and sandstorm. The severe wind and sandstorm attacked the city, which was enveloped by plastic bags and all kinds of rubbish everywhere. The whole Hotan city was shrouded in haze at 8:45 at night. People in the street started to look for a place to protect from the wind
shelter	2 On the 20[th] day of that month, we headed toward Bostan village in Chire County. Aas far as we knew, some residents' houses were in a really dangerous situation. Although the Earthquake resistant houses building policy had been well implemented, some peasants still couldn't afford the bills they were required to pay, so they missed this benefit of that policy. After our careful investigation, we narrowed our target down to 12 families. Among them, we chose 3 families to pay 7 thousand, for a total of 21 thousand, and signed the guarantee letter and contract with the village officials by entering these three families into the township yearly plan. These houses will be finished after 7 months. I am incapable of describing the happiness of those 3 families. After we finished, we gave 7700 Yuan cash and supplies worth 5000 Yuan to other families in difficulties. We returned the county at 8 p.m. A suggestion on One Yuan Plan: If possible, we should consider the houses of the other 9 families. By paying each of them 7000 Yuan, we can make them live in new houses. We believe we can solve this problem
shelter	2. We took off for Bostan village in Chira Prefecture at 6:30 am on the 20th. As we soon found out, some of the houses were in terribly dangerous condition. Although the quake-resistant house construction policy was well-implemented here, some villagers did not benefit because of a lack of funds that they were supposed to produce by themselves. Through detailed research, we determined 12 families among which 3 were picked for a plan that would help them pay 7000 Som each to have their houses built as part of the village's annual plan. A letter of guarantee and an agreement were signed with the village administration stating that the houses would be submitted for use by July. I am too weak to describe the happiness those people displayed at the time. After that, we distributed 7700 Som in cash and 5000 Som worth of goods among families in poverty. We returned to the town center by 8:00 p.m. Here's a suggestion to the One Som Project donors: If possible, could we please do something about the housing conditions of the other 9 families?; say, help them each pay 7000 Som to move into new houses? We can certainly do this
food	1 Yuan Plan in Kiriye May peace be upon my relatives, it's been a few days since the earthquake hit Kiriye. With this earthquake, all of our hearts also were shaken. We can feel this through Wechat and on websites. On Feb13, I sent a Wechat message to ask people to help the earthquake victims, and after four short days, the total donation of the One Yuan Plan from netizens and friends for the friends in Börtala reached 70000, and nearly 4000 used clothes in 96 sacks, and 200 suits of new cloths were collected. In order to deliver these supplies to the victims in rural areas, where aid has not been delivered, 3 charity workers headed to Hoten on Feb 1, and started to visit them. Other charity worker reached Urumqi to send 26 sacks of cloths to Hoten, and returned a day later. The following are the diaries of the charity workers who were in Hoten;1.We arrived at Atchan village in Kiriye County on Feb 19. We left for Künes village and Shunggul village after we got the information that the supplies had not been delivered because of the dangerous road conditions there. Our goal is to help the people who need those supplies. Indeed, the road toward these two villages was so dangerous that it took nearly 4 hours to travel 60 kilometers of road. Luckily, the guys who welcomed us in Hoten prepared a SUV for this trip. You can't hold your tears when you see elderly people, so like your own grandparents, burst into grateful tears while they accept donation of money and supplies. We delivered 10,000 Yuan cash, and supplies worth 5000 Yuan, and 150 new clothes. (We were informed of the lack of supplies according to people who had been in the scene of earthquake, so we bought supplies from city.) We returned to the county at 10 o'clock that night. 2 On the 20[th] day of that month, we headed toward Bostan village in Chire County. Aas far as we knew, some residents' houses were in a really dangerous situation. Although the Earthquake resistant houses building policy had been well implemented, some peasants still couldn't afford the bills they were required to pay, so they missed this benefit of that policy. After our careful investigation, we narrowed our target down to 12 families. Among them, we chose 3 families to pay 7 thousand, for a total of 21 thousand, and signed the guarantee letter and contract with the village officials by entering these three families into the township yearly plan. These houses will be finished after 7 months. I am incapable of describing the happiness of those 3 families. After we finished, we gave 7700 Yuan cash and supplies worth 5000 Yuan to other families in difficulties. We returned the county at 8 p.m. A suggestion on One Yuan Plan: If possible, we should consider the houses of the other 9 families. By paying each of them 7000 Yuan, we can make them live in new houses. We believe we can solve this problem. Other friends, don't feel disappointed ever. We will reach all of you to solve your problems after we fund the remaining money. We believe that more people have more power, and a true man should be anxious about his people. 3 On the 21st day of that month, after we received 26 sacks of cloths from Börtala at the freight station, we directly distributed 12 sacks of clothes to the people in Karasu village, and carried other clothes to the Oytoghaq village. The village leadership suggested that, after they gathered the people in this region, we could distribute to them the supplies based on their real condition. In addition, they also suggested we could afford some college students after having conversation with them. We appreciated their suggestions. In that touching scene, we saw the poor faces we had never seen before, the hands full of calluses, and the eyes full of love... We directly poured 14 sacks of clothes and other supplies from Börtala and started to distribute them to the crowd. We gave 40 college students 200 Yuan each, totaling 8000 Yuan. We put 5000 Yuan into the pockets of sick elderly people. What we brought was not enough, so we had to say goodbye in a sad mood to these kind people. The college students and people, as well as the people in Bortala from the other side of mountain, sent their gratitude and regards to the One Yuan Plan community,. 4 On our way back from Hoten, we planned to visit the rare village in Guma and Qaghilik, but for some reasons we couldn't stick to our plan. We went back to Urumqi on the 27[th] day of that month. We donated 8000 Yuan to two patients in the Second Hospital, and then left for Börtala. 5. On May 1, after other 70 sacks of cloths were send to Urumqi, and then were delivered to Kiriye on May 5. These cloths are still distributing. Wapadarim 912 words: To warm hearted charities who sent money and cloths from Börtala: May peace be upon you. We tried our best to deliver the money and supplies you sent to us for the most needed places. All these photos were shot from the senses, and certification of donations will make up a photo collection. After May 12, you can check these photos from "Irpan Book Store" or "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Shop". We are more than grateful to the friends, who have helped us to go through and organize 96 sacks of cloths, to the drivers named Perhat and Turgun, who povided twice free services for tranporting those 96 sacks of cloths and carry a young man who is responsible for them. (it would cost more than 1000 Yuan). May Allah give them a good fortune and healthy body. Amen... To One Yuan Plan Netizens: This time the total amount of donation fund for the disaster is 16700 Yuan. Now, I want to tell the lovely people who donated that the details of this account, real-time photos and notes can be checked my moment on wechat, or if you want, you can add my wechat account and I will send you those to you. We have all the evidence of receiving money, I am more then grateful... To the generous sons of Hoten: Since the day our guys reached Hoten, you all took care of them by accompanying them. Thank you for sharing a SUV to take them to the rare villages in order to reach the goal of this activity. You've been suffered doing all these, and we show our highest salutes. After those 3 housed have finished, we may go to disturb you again, or if we can't make it we may also disturb you to help us. Take care my friends... Last words: We have finished this activity. 3 charity workers spend 10 days on this journey by paying with themselves. They have suffered and see a lot. The most important thing is their passion for charity work had been increased. If you get the chance to hear their feeling, it would be like a thanksgiving lesson. This is not the end for the One Yuan Plan works in Bostan village. We have paid 3 families 21,000 Yuan to found earthquake resistance buildings. Until now in Börtala we has funded 35,000 Yuan for 5 families among 9 families in Kiriye. Soon, we will sign the contract for building the earthquake resistance houses for these 5 families in the cost of paying each 7000 Yuan. For remaining 4 families, we will try our best to fund 28,000 Yuan to make sure that all 12 families on the list will move into new houses. Dear God, by this chance may this village have the name of "One Yuan Village" in people's heart. In the names of donors from Börtala, we will continue our great tradition, " When a disaster struck, the helps will come from all sides" , to help these 12 families against the poverty. May each of us with our duties help them to be free from the name of poor... In the end I want to show my respect to all the supportive and lovely friends. March 8, written on Wapadarim website, in Börtala city. IMG_3171.jpg Downloaded:0, 139.79 KB IMG_3192.jpg Downloaded:0, 70.35 KB IMG_3193.jpg Downloaded:0, 76.94 KB IMG_3236.jpg Downloaded:0 189.1 KB IMG_3237.jpg Downloaded:0 28.75 KB IMG_3244.jpg Downloaded:1 171.64 KB IMG_3274.jpg Downloaded:0, 125.75 KB IMG_3293.jpg Downloaded:0,135.89 KB IMG_3301.jpg Downloaded:0 148.42 KB IMG_3316.jpg Downloaded:0 176.97 KB IMG_3331.jpg Downloaded:0, 199.15 KB IMG_3361.jpg Downloaded:0, 94.67 KB IMG_3365.jpg Downloaded:0, 160.13 KB Don't cry grandmother, we will continue to visit, IMG_3366.jpg Downloaded:0, 226.9 KB IMG_3382.jpg Downloaded:0, 250.89 KB IMG_3405.jpg Downloaded:1, 185.42 KB IMG_3439.jpg Downloaded:0, 137.35 KB IMG_3474.jpg Downloaded:0, 185.6 KB IMG_3475.jpg Downloaded:0, 168.73 KB IMG_3485.jpg Downloaded:0, 240.03 KB IMG_3490.jpg Downloaded:0, 364.89 KB, the number of participant in evaluation:1 Forum 5+, fund reason, excellent! Evaluation report Next: One Yuan Plan Request Previous: My thought about wolf Totem There are written response to these headlines Imagination & God (Umun) Ten mysterious dead body of women Imitation cars Recommend names for new born Modern way of begging through wechat red bag...Live healthy through2016 Academic nutrition Great headlines of author Forgive me, my products! * I did it because I try my best! Attitude matters... We all are traitor* Two stranger I never forget* I tried to fund 180thousand (request)* Three* A female college student lack of money ( One Yuan Plan... All the headline of author Second test for Driver license ( Driving test... Important point about Driver License Test 3"One Yuan Plan" 10 years report One Yuan Plan turn into 10 years old The story about 500 lovely kabab (wapadarim912) There is hope where there is breath Have you seen the 9 years report of One Yuan Plan? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html Response well Bad report Have you seen the 9 years report of One Yuan Plan? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html Response well Bad report May Allah strengthen my friend Eysajan! I disturbed by the people in my mind! Response well Bad report Allah! We are grateful for the days you gave... I burst into tears...I just can say this...May flowers blossom from the steps of kind hearted people... May flowers blossom from the steps of kind hearted people I really want to participate in the One Yuan Plan or Bilip Group's activities in Hoten...Since the day the earthquake happened, I wrote a lot responses to request volunteers who want to go to the Kiriye, but no one responses like a real man... {:112:}{:112:}{:112:}{:112:} Xinjiang Five Rock International Corp Response well Bad report I really want to participate in the One Yuan Plan or Bilip Group's activities in Hoten You guys have been through a lot! But it is l worth of it! May Allah bless us! Who want to participate in Bilip Group add me on wechat, and then fill out the membership form, and pay 100 Yuan per month as a membership fee. We put membership fee in the fund. Exploration One(school) Response well Bad report May peace be upon you loyalty man, I have been touched by what you accomplished. Is it Bortala or Börtala? Can you tell us about the location of Mongghol and Uyghur people in there? Eysajan, above article shared in the Qumbulaq salon, let the friends, who can't have access to the website, can read the article by using their phones. Search title: kumbula
food	The One Som (RMB) Project in Keriye Greetings, brothers and sisters, it has been quite a while since the earthquake in Keriye. As the earth shook, so did everyone's heart, and that has been demonstrated through news media such as WeChat and the Internet as a whole. >On the evening of February 13th, I reached out to the netizens of the One Som Project about extending their helping hands to the people affected by the earthquake. It took as little as 4 days for The One Som Project netizens and brothers in Bortala to raise a donation worth 70,000 Som, 96 bags of clothing items equivalent to 4000 articles of clothing as well as 200 pieces of new clothing. In order to bring this whole commitment to the people in the most remote and neglected areas possible, 3 of the donors set out on a journey to Hotan on the 17th and started paying visits on the 19th. Another donor took with him 26 bags of clothing items to Urumqi to send out to Hotan, and returned the next day. The following is a diary of the donors who visited Keriye: 1. We arrived in Atchan Village of Keriye Prefecture. After learning that help did not reach the Kunes and Shung'gul villages because of bad road conditions, we decided to go there instead, as we were hoping to cover the places that needed the most help. The road did indeed turn out to be in terrible and dangerous condition. We barely finished the journey of 60 kilometers in 4 long hours. As a positive sign ,though, the young folks who had traveled quite a journey to greet us had a cross-country vehicle prepared. One would not be able to hold back tears seeing those grandpa-and-grandma-like old folks thanking you with tears in their eyes. After delivering the 10'000 Som in cash, 5000 Som worth of goods (based on the information provided by those who had travelled to those places and learned about the unavailability of material goods, which we had brought with us) and 150 pieces of new clothing items, we returned to the town center by 10:00 pm. 2. We took off for Bostan village in Chira Prefecture at 6:30 am on the 20th. As we soon found out, some of the houses were in terribly dangerous condition. Although the quake-resistant house construction policy was well-implemented here, some villagers did not benefit because of a lack of funds that they were supposed to produce by themselves. Through detailed research, we determined 12 families among which 3 were picked for a plan that would help them pay 7000 Som each to have their houses built as part of the village's annual plan. A letter of guarantee and an agreement were signed with the village administration stating that the houses would be submitted for use by July. I am too weak to describe the happiness those people displayed at the time. After that, we distributed 7700 Som in cash and 5000 Som worth of goods among families in poverty. We returned to the town center by 8:00 p.m. Here's a suggestion to the One Som Project donors: If possible, could we please do something about the housing conditions of the other 9 families?; say, help them each pay 7000 Som to move into new houses? We can certainly do this. All other brothers, please don't grieve. We will soon produce some more money so that we can take care of you. Where there is unity, there is strength. People's concern is with people. 3 On the morning of the 21st, we went to a shipping center and picked up 26 bags of clothing items sent from Bortala and delivered 12 bags to the people in Qarasu village in Bostan County. We took the rest of the bags to Ottiaq village. The village administration staff proposed that they gather the people who need the most help and that we then distribute the items based on their needs. The administration also suggested that they bring together the kids who were going to college so that we could help them, too. We were very happy about the arrangements. The scene was extremely heart-breaking. Faces we had never seen reflected poverty and hardened hands, with eyes expressing love...We poured out 14 bags of clothing items donated by the people of Bortala and started distributing them one by one. A total amount of 8000 Som was given to 40 students, 200 to each. 5000 Som was shared among the old folks, both men and women, who were present. As help was so limited, it was difficult to leave them. All the students and folks sent their warmest greetings and appreciation to their "relatives" in Bortala, the town on the other side of the mountains. 4 . After returning from Hotan, we meant to pay a visit to the poverty-stricken folks in both Guma and Kaghilik counties. But, for certain reasons, our plan did not work out, so we returned to Urumqi on the 27th and managed to bring 8000 Som to 2 patients who were being treated in the 2nd People's Hospital. Then we went back to Bortala. The remaining 70 bags of clothing items that had been sent to Urumqi on the 1st arrived in Hotan on the 5th. These clothes are now being distributed Thoughts and feelings from Wapadarim 912: To the donors who sent money and clothing items: Greetings, donors! We did our utmost best to deliver the money and items to their designated destinations. Photos taken on the scene and proofs of distributed money and items will be filed. They will be available for public viewing in both the "Irpan Bookstore" and the "Sherbet Cold Drinks and Ice-cream Store." To the friends who helped with the sorting of each and every item of clothing, to the friends who shipped 96 bags of clothing items to Urumqi for free (the equivalent of 1000 Som, if charged), to the driver brothers, Perhat and Turghun, who gave free rides to the young fellow who was responsible for the shipments: may God make their life journeys smooth and wish them health, Amen! As for the netizens of the One Som Project: The total amount that has been sent to the One Som Project account is 16,700 Som. The rest were cash accounts. What I can say to the beloved ones who sent all this money at this point is that I have all the daily accumulated records in my WeChat. You can view those if you wish or I can send them to you if you would like to add me. The monetary proofs of all the scenes are available. We truly thank you... To the generous men of Hotan: You took the time to stay with them and to take good care of them from the day our boys arrived in Hotan. You prepared a cross-country vehicle for the journeys to the most rural villages and helped us reach destinations and contributed tremendous efforts. Our highest salutes to you. When we go to look over those 3 houses as part of the first phase of the approval process, we will trouble you again or we might still trouble you even if we can't go. Be well, friends! Conclusion: Our task has come to an end. 3 of the doners spent 10 days at their own expense, going through tremendous hardships, seeing a lot and learning a lot. Most importantly, their passion for charity has grown. Listening to their experiences of the scenes is like taking a currently-promoted appreciation lesson. The One Som Project's activities in Bostan village have never ceased. We donated 21,000 Som to 3 families. Up until today in Bortala, we raised 35,000 Som for 5 of the 9 families left in Keriye. Soon we will be preparing 7000 Som and signing guarantee letters for each of the 5 families for their quake-proof houses. We will also take care of 28,000 Som for the other 4 families. We will do our utmost best for those 12 poverty-stricken families who will also be moving into new houses. Please, God, who knows, as it happens, whether this village might get popular or gain attention as "The One Som" Village on people's tongues. In the name of the donors of Bortala, we will do our very best to help the 12 families; and especially the 3 families trying to get rid of the "poverty hat" with our continuous efforts, and also develop the spirit of "One person in difficulty, everybody else helps"... Lastly, we send our salute to all those beloved who offered support. It was written in my darling's room in Bortala City on March 8. (Download numbers: 0, 139.79 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 70.35 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 76.94 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 189.1 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 28.75 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 171.64 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 125.75 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 135.89 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 148.41 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 148.41 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 199.15 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 94.67 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 160.13 KB) Don't cry, grandmother, we will visit and take care of you again, (Download numbers: 0, 226.9 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 250.89 KB) (Download numbers: 1, 185.42 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 137.35 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 185.6 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 168.73 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 240.03 KB) (Download numbers: 0, 364.89 KB) Evaluation, attendances number 1, Forum money 5+, the reason of collection, wonderful 5+, xadiman0998 Record of evaluation, the next: a call of one som (yuan) plan, the first: my thoughts of wolf-totem Comments written on these topics Imagine and God (Umun), Ten secret female corpses on the Earth, simulated machines, Please give me recommendation a name of my child, modern begging, Red bola... on WeChat, Even more health life for you, a scientific nutritional... the excellent themes of author Apologies. I tried to do my best, but I just couldn't! Attitude is most important*...we are all traitors.* Two strangers I'll never forget.* I devoted myself to collecting 180,000 Som (a letter of appeal). * Three girl students did not receive money (a one-som plan... the whole theme of the author* The second test of driving license (test place...test of driving license, important points 3 "one som plan", tenth grade, conclusion, one som plan, 10 years old.). The story of 500 shish kebab. There is a hope, if one is safe (wapadarim912) One som plan, 9th grade conclusion, did you see? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html response, excellent, bad, to reveal One som plan, 9th grade conclusion, did you see? http://bbs.izdinix.com/thread-61609-1-1.html response, excellent, bad, to reveal May Allah give you strength, my friend Eysajan . It made me nervous, the inside of my nerve! response, excellent, bad, to reveal Thanks, Allah, for giving us this happy life!......Unconsciously, my eyes fill with tears......I only say: Let flowers fill your heart, traces of men..... Let flowers fill your heart, traces of men. I have a desire to attend the One Som Plan or Group Bilip's teams at Hotan......Since the day the earthquake occurred.....I wrote so many comments on some website's forum and I ask whether there are any volunteers who want to go to Keriye. No one has answered my question. {:112:}{:112:}{:112:}{:112:} Xinjiang Beshtash international trade company Lmt, response, excellent, bad, to reveal I have a desire to attend the One- Som Plan or Group Bilip's teams at Hotan. You are suffering! But it is meaningful! May Allah appreciate all of us! You can add them to fill the membership archive. If someone wants to attend the Bilip, he or she can pay 100 som through the WeChat. to inquire, a "school", response, excellent, bad, to reveal Hello, I am so excited about your loving deeds. Is it Bortala or Börtala? If possible, could you speak about Mongols? Or Uyghurs at that place? Hi, Eysajan. The above-mentioned contents have been sent to the Qumbulaq Forum, If there are any friends who could not connect with the Internet, please try it with your smart-phone. Search name: kumbula
evac food shelter	Needy hands stretched out and were exhausted. Let's go along the road to Hotan and think of the Uyghurs in Keriya. This is the time for holding hands with each other to support the Uyghurs
evac food shelter	Love-yearning hands are waving, exhausted, Come on, let's go to Hotan and think about the people in Yutian It is time to help Uyghur hand-in-han
evac shelter	Xinhua News Agency, Urumqi. February 14 ; According to the information that reporter Mao Yong obtained from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region, following further investigation of the disaster, the number of affected people reached 50,000 but casualties are still unclear. The statistical information from the Civil Affairs Bureau of the Autonomous Region: 58127 people have been affected by the disaster in the six counties of Hotan Prefecture including Keriya, Niye, Chira, Lop, Qarakash, and Hotan county by the time 8:00 A.M ( Urumchi Time) February 14. 19905 people were evacuated promptly. 3246 rooms of 1156 household have collapsed. 14540 rooms of 5489 household have been severely damaged. 15782 rooms of 7254 household have been slightly damaged. 2163 livestock killed. 54 bridges and 42.2 Kilometers of roads have been damaged. Casualties are unclear. Further investigation of the disaster is going on
evac shelter	Urumqi, February 14 (Xinhua): According to the civil bureau, after further investigation, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 50 thousand. But the number of casualties is unknown. According to records of autonomous regional civil bureau statistics: as of February 14th, 8 o'clock, the number of people affected by the disaster was up to 58,127 in six counties: Yutian, Minfeng, Cele, Luopu, Moyu, and Hotian, in Hotian prefecture. 19,905 people were evacuated to safety. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families collapsed, 14,540 houses of 5,489 families were damaged severely, 15,782 houses of 7,254 families were damaged slightly, and 2,163 livestock were dead. 54 bridges and 42.2 kilometers of road were ruined. The number of casualties is unknown. he disaster situation was under further investigation
food	In the time of Qin, the Huguangdu government deployed troops to for suppressing the Datingxia riot. They cooked prisoners for the soldiers after archers shot them dead. In the year 1652, Qing dynast, 9th year of Shunzhi, Nanmen general Lidingguo attacked Xinhui with his troops and they were surrounded in a city for 8 months. When they faced famine , he ordered his soldiers to hunt the people in city to eat. As a result they had ate more 10 thousand people in the city
food	Hu Guangdu arranged for soldiers to suppress the Da Ting Xia revolt. They killed their captives with arrows and cooked them to eat, during the Mi Qin Dynasty. Li Dengguo, president of Nanman, attacked Xinhui with soldiers. Then, they were besieged in the city for 8 months. He ordered his soldiers to eat the city peoples' flesh when starvation occurred in the ninth year of Qing Shunzhi (A.D.1652). They ate more than 10, 000 people from this city
food shelter	President Xi Jinping stressed the instruction on earthquake relief works. The report from Ana Tuprak. At 15:16 Urumqi Time Feb 12, the 7.3 magnitude earthquake hit Kiriya, Hotan Prefecture, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, the President of the PRC, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, attached great importance to the instruction of the relief works after this earthquake
food shelter	President Xi Jinping gave out important instructions regarding the rescue operations for the earthquake disaster in Keriye Motherland Net news: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit the Keriye county of Hotan prefecture in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region at 15:19 pm Urumqi Time, February 12, 2014. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Party Central Committee, the President, and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee, showed great concern and gave important instructions for the rescue efforts
shelter	My passionate tears, which I have held in my eyes, always shake my heart as if to make my feelings intoxicated. I cannot describe such feelings of mine anymore. There was indeed an earthquake. The epicenter of the 7.3-magnitude earthquake was in a deserted area that is located more than 100 kilometers away from the downtown of Keriye and dozens of kilometers away from Atchan village. In addition to that, considering the 7.3 magnitude strong quake, because the earthquake occurred during the daytime and the area is sparsely populated, and many were at work instead of being at home, except for those collapsed houses (about 50 to 60 houses collapsed) and the death of few livestock, there was no greao loss. The old town of Keriye County, which is continuously being mentioned in websites, is a special zone of Keriye County that was the earliest residential area where the traditional Uyghur sedentary culture has been preserved, similar to the streets of Old Kashgar. Here houses were adjacent to each other and the area is heavily populated, in addition to the existence of numerous old houses. For this reason, it's easy to say that some houses in this area might have been damaged by the quake. If so, what types of houses are they? Simply say, they are the houses that were damaged during the quake. The most shocking factor is the age of the houses. Some of them might be 50 to 60 years old while some of the newest ones would be 8 years old. There still might be some houses that are about 5 years old
shelter	Words failed me when I illustrated how I felt was so excited that I had to control my tears of gratitude. The earthquake did happen. The epicenter where a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck was a depopulated zone, about more than a hundred kilometers far away from Yutian County and more than ten from Aqiang Village. In addition, it was the day time when the earthquake happened in a depopulated zone, when people were busy with their work outside of their houses. Therefore, the earthquake didn't cause much damage regardless of the 50-60 collapsed houses and the loss of several domestic animals, when it was compared with the number 7.3. Kona Shahar, the Yutian County mentioned on the Internet was a special region which took shape initially as a well-preserved cultural locality for Uyghur people like the Kashgar. Damaged houses existed here because of its dense population and many linked old houses. People naturally wondered that what kind of houses they were. The cracked houses which worried people by their records are probably about 50-60 years old. The newest was even eight years or five years ago
shelter	There was indeed an earthquake. The epicenter of the 7.3-magnitude earthquake was in a deserted area that is located more than 100 kilometers away from the downtown of Keriye and dozens of kilometers away from Atchan village. In addition to that, considering the 7.3 magnitude strong quake, because the earthquake occurred during the daytime and the area is sparsely populated, and many were at work instead of being at home, except for those collapsed houses (about 50 to 60 houses collapsed) and the death of few livestock, there was no greao loss. The old town of Keriye County, which is continuously being mentioned in websites, is a special zone of Keriye County that was the earliest residential area where the traditional Uyghur sedentary culture has been preserved, similar to the streets of Old Kashgar. Here houses were adjacent to each other and the area is heavily populated, in addition to the existence of numerous old houses. For this reason, it's easy to say that some houses in this area might have been damaged by the quake. If so, what types of houses are they? Simply say, they are the houses that were damaged during the quake. The most shocking factor is the age of the houses. Some of them might be 50 to 60 years old while some of the newest ones would be 8 years old. There still might be some houses that are about 5 years old. Why there are so many old houses
shelter	The earthquake did happen. The epicenter where a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck was a depopulated zone, about more than a hundred kilometers far away from Yutian County and more than ten from Aqiang Village. In addition, it was the day time when the earthquake happened in a depopulated zone, when people were busy with their work outside of their houses. Therefore, the earthquake didn't cause much damage regardless of the 50-60 collapsed houses and the loss of several domestic animals, when it was compared with the number 7.3. Kona Shahar, the Yutian County mentioned on the Internet was a special region which took shape initially as a well-preserved cultural locality for Uyghur people like the Kashgar. Damaged houses existed here because of its dense population and many linked old houses. People naturally wondered that what kind of houses they were. The cracked houses which worried people by their records are probably about 50-60 years old. The newest was even eight years or five years ago. Why were these houses so old
utils food	Greetings from Keriye to Netizens and Friends Hello friends! I hope that this message finds you all doing well and staying healthy. I sincerely express my heartfelt greetings on behalf of all the folks in the stricken area of Keriye
utils food	Greetings to the netizens and friends from Yutian. Hello my friends, I extend all of the victims' warm regards in Yutian to every one of you, with blessing to your health and careers
terrorism	Libya bombard the Daish militarists this time
terrorism	The primary military was bombed in Lebanon this time.
terrorism	China and Tajikistan plan to cooperate to fight terrorism: East Turkistan Propaganda Center
terrorism	China and Tadzhikistan decided to work against terrorism together.
food	Arman is with the victims all the time Arman is with the victims all the time. Since the news about the magnitude 7.3 earthquake that hit Kiriye County on Feb 12 was released, Arman Muslim Foods Industrial Group of Xinjiang immediately contacted the relevant department in the affected area, collecting the information about the victims and the supplies they need, coming to actions of condolences for the affected area. Today, on Feb 14, the volunteer team including relevant leadership and workers of the "Arman" Group, with the regard of leader Radil Abla, who is on official business travel and can't make it to the disaster area, headed to the affected area
food	Arman stands by the refugees Arman stands by the refugees. An earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale happened in the Keriya County of Hotan on February 12. After the spread of the message of the local people's calamity, Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. contacted relevant departments in the disaster areas to master the situation and assess the needs of people in the disaster areas, and set out to visit the disaster-affected areas. On February 14, the volunteer team, consisting of the leaders and employees of Arman Group, went to the disaster area with the sincere blessing and love from all the employees of Arman as well as its manager, Redili·Abra, who was on a business trip
evac	190 people evacuated after sudden forest fire in Guangxi. XinhuaNet News; Ablimit translated for Baghdash website. Around 16:00 local time, on April 4, a forest fire broke out in the Wugong Mountain and Shirenchong Area in the city of Wuzhou, South China's Guangxi province. The local fire authorities have launched an emergency response plan to fight against the forest fire with all their power, and warned the local citizens to keep away from the forest fire zone
evac	A sudden forest fire in Guangxi caused 190 people to be evacuated. According to Xinhua news, translated by Ablimit from Baghdash, local time June 4 around 4 PM, a forest fire suddenly erupted on Bajiao Mountain and Shiren Mountain in Wuzhu city, Guangxi Province. The local forest disaster prevention command center, which had established an emergency design scheme, attended to the firefighting with other detachments and warned people to stay away from the mountain
shelter	The first portion of relief goods was delivered to Keriya by the Chinese Red Cross . Uzunda website: The Xinjiang Red Cross petitioned the Chinese Red Cross, asking the Kashkar Earthquake Preparation and Prevention office to send 60 tents, 80 tanks, and 800 blankets and mattresses to the severely damaged disaster areas. On February 18[th], the first portion of the relief goods from the Chinese Red Cross was delivered to Pixka in Aqkan, Keriya
shelter	The first batch of relief supplies from the Chinese Red Cross have arrived in Yutian County. Excerpts: Commissioned by the Chinese Red Cross, Xinjiang Red Cross has allocated 60 sets of tents and 800 sets of bedding from the Kashgar Disaster Prevention and Preparation Center to the severely afflicted areas. The first batch of relief supplies from the China Red Cross arrived at Pishigai Village, Aqiang Township, Yutian County, on Feb 13th
utils evac food shelter	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported
utils evac food shelter	The number of people affected by Yutian earthquake reached 50,000. The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties
utils evac food shelter	Around fifty thousand people were affected by the Keriya earthquake. According to the Xinhua Agency's report and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region's Public Service Office on February 14[th] , along with the investigation of the disaster situation, the total number of the earthquake victims came to fifty thousand people. But there were no deaths reported. According to the statistics of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region Public Service Office, as of 8:00 am (Urumqi time) on February 18[th], 58,127 people from 6 villages of the Hotan province in the disaster areas, including Keriya, Niya, Qira, Lop, Karakash, and country of Hotan, were affected by the disaster. 19,905 were safely resettled. 1,156 families' 3,246 houses collapsed. 5,489 families' 14,540 houses were severely damaged. 7,254 families' 15,782 houses were slightly damaged. 2163 sheep died. A bridge, and a 42.2 kilometer-long road was destroyed. The death report was unclear. The disaster situation was thoroughly investigated
utils evac food shelter	The number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached fifty thousand people in the Urumqi area, Xinhua net reports, on Feb 14th. The regional department of civil affairs, with further inspections of the disaster, said the number of people affected by the Yutian earthquake reached 50,000, but there were no casualties. According to statistics of the civil affairs department: As of 8 o'clock, Feb. 14th(Urumqi time), 58,127 people were affected by the earthquake in six counties of the Hetian district: Yutian county, Fengtian county, Cele county, Luopu county, Moyu county, and Hetian county. 19,905 people were transferred to a safe place. 3,246 houses of 1,156 families fell down, 14,540 houses of 5,489 family were seriously damaged, 15,782 houses of 7,254 family were slightly damaged and 2,162 head of livestock were destroyed. 54 bridges and 42.2 km of highways were destroyed. The number of deaths was unknown. The disaster situation was still under assessment
terrorism	China and Tajikistan cooperate in fighting terrorism
terrorism	China and Tadzhikistan work together against terrorism.
shelter	Until now, the relief work has been accomplished, and the post-disaster reconstruction will start soon. After this earthquake, 2000 farmers' houses in Atchan village were damaged. In the past two days, the government delivered the building materials at the gates of those famers. After the weather turns quite warm, the construction will begin. At the same time, in the affected regions, some infrastructure worked after they had been fixed
shelter	At the present, the relief work completely came to an end, and the rehabilitation work is about to start. This time, almost 2,000 farmers and nomads' houses at Atchan Township, the nearest settlement to the epicenter, had cracks in the walls. For the past two days, the construction materials used to build new houses were sent to the farmers and nomads' doors by the local government. After the weather hits higher temperatures, the construction will start. In the meantime, some of the basic equipment in the disaster effected area began to work one after another, after being repaired
utils shelter	The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. The earthquake in Kiriye became a hotspot. For all of us, Feb 12, 2014, was an ordinary day
utils shelter	A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye A great argument sprang up regarding the earthquake in Keriye. February 12, 2014, began as an ordinary day for us
shelter	The forest fire caused 6 deaths and affected 20 thousand people. Translated by Ana Tupraq webiste. According to the news reported by the American media on the 21st day of that month, forest fires recently occurred in many mountainous places in the state of California. A week ago, two forest fires were extinguished, however 5 people were dead and more than 1400 houses were burnt. But at the end of last week, another forest fire happened in the mountainous region of northern California, which killed 1 person and burnt numerous houses
shelter	Six dead, 20,000 people threatened by wild fire in the US Translated by the Motherland Net: According to the reports which published on the US media in June 21, wild fires started in several places in the mountain areas of the state of California, USA. Two of the more dangerous fires in this state were under control a week ago, however, 5 people have died, and more than 1,400 houses burned down during the catastrophic fire. However, another fire occurred in northern California again over last weekend, it caused 1 death and many houses burned down
shelter	According to the report from the Forestry and Fire Protection department, until the 19th day of that month the forest fire has expanded to 1200 hectares. In the valley, located 130 English miles away from the north of San Francisco, at least 888 houses were burnt and 3 people were dead. Until the 20th day of that month, 53% of the forest fire in the valley of northern San Francisco had been controlled
shelter	On June 19, California State Forestry and Firefighter Department revealed that a wild fire had started in the mountain area of the Montery County. Currently, the fire has spread to nearly 1,200 hectors. At least 3 people died and 888 houses burned down in the mountain valley, 130 miles from the north of San-Francisco. 53% of wild fires have been controlled since June 20, which occurred in the mountain valley of northern San-Francisco
food	Enough food and shelters needed to reassure earthquake victims. Uzunda website: People.cn reported that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurred in Keriya, Hotan at 3:19 pm on February 12. The Central Communist Party and the Chinese citizens all paid close attention to the disaster
food	Clothing, food and shelter should be guaranteed for the earthquake victims in Keriye Bulletin: Peoples net, Urumqi, February 13th telegram: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Keriye County of Hotan Prefecture at 15:19 on February 12. After the quake, the party central committee and all of the citizens of the country showed great concern
shelter	Currently, all donations and alms are continuously being delivered to disaster areas from all around the country. Blue shelters called "Rescuing from the Disaster " were built at places in Bostan village, Tugmanbixi, and Aqkan village, Qira province, which were severely affected by the earthquake. On the same day, victims settled down again in shelters and schools that the local government had provided. After the disaster, Xi Jingpin, the President of the People's Republic of China and General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, provided an instruction notice about how to help people reduce injures and damage to property and possessions as much as possible
shelter	At present, emergency necessities from all corners of the country are being sent to the quake-affected area. "Rescue" signs were set up on blue tents at Achchan, Tugmenbeshi, and Tara Oghuz villages of Bostan Township in Keriye County, which was the most affected area. That night, the affected people settled into the government-provided tents and schools. After the quake, Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the CPC central committee, the president, and the chairman of the central military committee gave important instructions about to decrease the number of injured and to minimize the loss of property to the fullest extent possible
terrorism	In Guangzhou, a hotel, which didn't report to police a suspicious traveler that was relevant as "terrorist", was fined. China...
terrorism	Guang Zhu called the police on a passenger who was suspected of "terrorism"
utils food	The entrepreneurs of Tuksu went to console people in the disaster areas. Uzunda website: Independent correspondents Mutallip, Abdurahman, and Mahira Mahmut reported that after Ahmat Tuqsun, the director of the "Amanlik" Transportation Limited Liability Company, heard the news of the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, he quickly prepared relief goods and departed to the disaster area with his motorcade on February 14[th]
utils food	Entrepreneurs from Wensu County sent their warmth to the disaster area. Excerpts: On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 had struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February14th. Freelance reporters Mutallip Abdurahman and Mahira Mamut contributed to the report. On hearing the news that an earthquake of magnitude 7.3 struck the Yutian County, Ahat Tohsun, the general manager of Wensu `Peace' Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. immediately collected goods for donation and went to the disaster area, with a car team, on February 14th
food	Since Ahmat Tuksun became the director of the company, he has not forgotten to show his care to people in disaster areas when any kind of disaster happens. No matter if it was the Sichuan earthquake, the Black Storm of Yuzhou, Gansu, or the Qinghai earthquake, he organized recue teams to send alms to the disaster areas. He brought the Xinjiangese people's care and wealth to victims by cooking them polo
food	Since AhatToksun became the general manager of the company, he had always shown consideration for people in disaster areas and shows his kindly heart every time when disaster happens. When disasters happened, for example, with the Wenchuan earthquake, mudslides in Zhouqu Gansu, and the earthquake in Yushu of Qinghai, he always organized a relief team to send relief supplies to the victims. He also cooked pilaf for victims and let them feel the kindness and friendliness of Xinjiang people of different nationalities
terrorism	Many people lost their lives in the suicide bomb attack in Iraq. According to the report from Bib Bis news agency, on Sunday, Iraq...
terrorism	Human bombing attack happened in Iraq and killed a lot of people.
food	Arman volunteers went to the disaster area to help. Imamjian Dawut reported that the "Arman" Muslim Food Industrial Company immediately contacted with authorities in the disaster areas to learn needs of the residents in the areas. After the 7.3 magnitude earthquake happened in Keriya on February12th, the "Arman" Food Industrial Company quickly contacted the local authorities. The company was highly concerned about the circumstances of the disaster areas and investigated the needs of the local residents immediately
food	The volunteers from Arman went to the disaster areas in Yutian County to help. Excerpts: the Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. established quick contact with the relevant departments in disaster areas to understand the situation and needs of the people in the earthquake-stricken areas. Iminjan Dawut reports: An earthquake of magnitude 7.3 struck the Yutian County, Hotan Prefecture, on February 12th. After spreading the news that local people had been affected, Xinjiang Arman Halal Food Industry Group Co., Ltd. established quick contact with the relevant departments in disaster areas to understand the situation and needs of the people in the earthquake-stricken areas, showing their sympathy for the victims
evac shelter	Chile Hit by Flood and Forest Fire Released time: March 27, 2015 Updated: March 27, 2015 The Voice of Turkey Broadcast news: Seven people killed in the flooding which occurred in northern Chile, and the infrastructure damage in the neighbourhoods affected people's lives
evac shelter	A wild forest fire and "Sal" disaster occurred in Chile. According to Sound of Turkish: 7 people were killed during a "Sal" disaster in northern Chile, because of which, construction work on community infrastructures was slowed down
food shelter	Behind the scenes of the Keriya earthquake. (Jiang Li) The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 9:15 (Urumqi time) on February 12, with the epicenter approximately 12 kilometers away. The earthquake affected more than 60 thousand people from six provinces and the city of Hotan
food shelter	The background story of no casualties seen during the earthquake in Keriye Quotation: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Keriye county of Hotan prefecture at 19:15, Urumqi time, February 12. The depth of the epicenter was 12 km, and more than 60,000 people were affected by the quake in six counties and a city of Hotan prefecture
shelter	The Xinjiang Autonomy supported the idea. In recent years, especially after the central work conference in Xinjiang, the Autonomous Region strongly valued preparation and damage control projects. The Xinjiang Autonomous Region held several conferences to explore the overall environment of Xinjiang. Earthquake preparation and subsequent intervention were carefully discussed
shelter	The autonomous regional government also stressed the same theme. In recent years, the autonomous region has shown great concern regarding the work of preventing and minimizing damage from earthquakes, following the "Xinjiang work conference," held by the Central Committee. The autonomous regional party committee held more than ten meetings, to carry out scientific research on the regional situation of Xinjiang and to plan carefully how to prevent and minimize damage from earthquakes
shelter	Let Keriya stop her tears (Appeal) Let Keriya stop her tears (Appeal). Keriya had a earthquake. The world! You are not seeing this? Uyghur nation's hearts quaked. The love and compassion of brotherhood in the north and the south of Tengritagh mountain have erupted as volcanoes
shelter	Yutian, do not shed tears. Yutian, do not shed tears. An earthquake occurred in Yutian, then a tremor happened in Uyghur's heart.............................Kind hearts erupted like a volcano from north to south of the Tianshan Mountains
utils	Similar to the fact that a human hand is divided into the palm and the back of the hand, everything has two sides. It's normal to see the appearance of such opinions. Only smart people with clear vision can understand these. However, everything has a limit, which can neither be exceeded or fallen short of. It's really made people a bit angry to see the immediate distribution of 2008 earthquake pictures with this earthquake in Khotan. What might be the exact reason for the appearance of such a "clear" conclusion that is based on such vague facts mixed with personal feelings? This picture was taken during the 2008 earthquake in Keriye. You can check it through this web address, * Y0 V8 {4 n2 R2 \( y http://news.qq.com/a/20080327/002721.htm. It seemed that this is a special report prepared to show those generous helping hands and donated items that have made a huge "help"; as if it was prepared to show their actual help through the media in order to refute those critics who have called them "betrayers who didn't help." It's normal to see such public denial, as well as public discouragement and compliance
utils	Just like one's hand could be formed from the palm and back, everything has two sides. It was common to have these arguments which can be only understood by wise people, but we should control the limits, you can reach it but can't go over it. It really made the public angry to see photos taken of earthquake in the year of 2008. What was the reason some people reached that conclusion just from unclear evidence or personal feelings? This is a picture from the Yutian earthquake that occurred in 2008, click the web address for more information. It was a common thing to see many donated items, a great number of volunteers and overflowing warm-hearts that seems to be a special news for charities. It was also normal people tried their best to let others know what they did, and caused a bad atmosphere
shelter	Later we got an even clearer report. According to a full report from the China News website, Keriye county in Khotan, where the earthquake occurred, is located in the southwest of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, north of the Koenlun Mountains, on the border with the Tibet Autonomous Region. During this earthquake, the Pishkar hamlet of Atchan village of Keriye county suffered severe losses during the disaster. This area of Atchan village is a mountain area which was sparsely populated and loosely inhabited. 4 I) U) [, N& S5 x4 { 6 L* _
shelter	Later on, information became more clear. According to the China information news, The Yutian County of Hotan district, which was hit by a magnitude 7.3 earthquake, was located in the southwest Xinjiang, northern part of the Kunlun Mountains, bounded by Tibet. Pexkar village in Atqan town had suffered the greatest blow in the earthquake. This region of Aqqan village was a mountain area with a small population. People in there had been living sparsely. 4 I) U) [, N& S5 x4 { 6 L* _
food	People from "Ihlas" donated goods worth 600 thousand yuan to the disaster area. Uzunda website: the Xinjiang "Ihlas" Career Development Company sent aid to the disaster areas in Keriya. The workers of the "Ihlas" Career Development Company were busy packing large and small boxes and loading them onto trucks the afternoon of February 19[th]
food	The people from Ihlas sent RMB600,000 worth of goods to the disaster areas. Excerpts: Xinjiang Ihlas Industrial Development Co., Ltd. sent disaster relief goods to the disaster areas in Yutian County. The employees of Xinjiang Ihlas Industrial Development Co., Ltd had been busy with loading the car with all kinds of boxes in the company's yard, in the morning of February 19th
food shelter	A flood hits Qumul Mujibul Rahman Erkim May 20, 2015, heavy rain in Qumul City caused floods the next day and the floods struck three of the five ancient cities. The residents of Qara Dowe, Lapchuq, and Toghuchi have witnessed a great phenomenon they have never seen before. According to the elder people, a disastrous flood like this has never emerged in the history of the city
food shelter	Flood in Hami, Mujbul Rahman Arkim. May 20, 2015, continuous raining caused a deluge which damaged three ancient cities out of five. People from Wubao, Taochu, Toghuchi villages became the witnesses of scenes which they had never seen. Our seniors told us that there hadn't been a flood since it was a place to live
evac shelter	Now the march of unification is being played for organizing people. We started the battle, so let's go to a safe place, with the Tughuchi people who were protecting themselves from the disaster. The union is strength. The livestock were affected by the flood. 35 people in the Qumul Shehrizat Company are delivering help to the affected area. Charitable people have come. I heard some other legitimate charity organizations are going to go to the affected area for helping people. The relevant bureau and organizations were working hard for the post-disaster recovery in their utmost
evac shelter	Your body is singing the unity march that destroys any obstacles. We set out for the confrontation. We should find a safe place. Aytam citizens were being sheltering from the flood. Livestock are injured. 25 Hami Shahrizat company staff was helping in the disaster area under the leadership of company leaders. The philanthropists had come. I heard that legally founded charities were coming to the disaster area to help. Government agencies were doing reconstruction work after the disaster at all costs
utils	The Chinese Red Cross donated money to disaster areas. Report of the Uyghur Channel of the People's Network from Beijing on February 23rd: The cyclone named "Winston" occurred in the Pacific Ocean island country Fiji. Gu Yu, the chargé d'affaires of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, donated 100 thousand dollars worth of emergency goods and money to the Fiji Red Cross as humanitarian aid. The "Winston" storm struck Fiji on February 20[th] . Houses were destroyed and electricity was disconnected
utils	China donated money to the Red Cross Society for Fiji for disaster relief. According to a telegram of the People's Network Uyghur channel on Feb 23rd: The Pacific island nation of Fiji has been affected by a storm named "Winston." Gu Yu, representative of the Chinese Embassy in Fiji, sent 100 thousand in disaster relief money from China's Red Cross Society on Feb 22nd. Fiji had suffered from a storm named "Winston," in which houses were destroyed and power outages occurred
terrorism	7 Daish members killed in Jordan
terrorism	7 mine workers were killed in Yordania.
shelter	The call for help for the victims in Kiriye. According to a report, in which there was information about some college students and entrepreneurs headed toward the affected area with a cargo van filled with supplies, we learn that the van with the supplies wasn't allowed past the board of Xoten City
shelter	A call to provide help to the earthquake-affected people in Keriye A statement announced that several trucks loaded with daily necessities set out on the journey, carrying donations from the students and industrialists in Urumqi. However, it is learned that the trucks were blocked at the checkpoint of Hotan city and not allowed to move
terrorism	"2,000 Crimean Tatars may become terrorists"
terrorism	"2 thousand people became terrorists in Kirim of Tatar."
food	1919: The Communist International is found. 1941: President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed legislation establishing Thanksgiving Day as the fourth Thursday in November. 1965: France launches the first satellite
food	Today in 1919, the Youth Communist International was established. Today in 1941，the U.S. President Roosevelt designated the fourth Sunday of November as Thanksgiving Day. Today in 1965，France successfully launched its first satellite
food shelter	The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks. We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township. Other news relates to Keriye from Uyghur bloggers. May peace be upon you, my friends. We landed in Hotan from Urumqi around 9:00 this morning. Then, we left for the affected regions, with the donation from our companies, Abida and Miras, as well as the microphones, provided by websites including Misranim, Anatuprak, Karwan, and Qimbulak. Certainly, this place is more than 50 kilometers away from Kiriye. We successfully delivered the food and clothes to the victims. The magnitude of 7.3 in the report is really high; however, thankfully, Allah has blessed our town and given this miracle. We knew from the Aqqang Township government that no one was injured, and only some houses were toppled. Of course, this is due to the fact that the earthquake occurred in a sparsely populated rural region. A rockslide damaged 150,000Mu of grassland, which caused 319 livestock to be killed. The pictures you saw on Wechat in recent days are from the most seriously damaged place. In total, there are only 10 pictures. We know that the reports from news agencies from the Central government and the Autonomous Region are from those pictures. However, some people on the Internet have posted pictures from the previous year's earthquake, giving wrong information. What you have seen here is the real condition of Uyghur people in this rural area. They are too poor to assemble donations. People who came here to assist these victims also updated with live reports. Now I want to say, please collect donations based on their need. We really need the necessary supplies. The victims are living in emergency tents, and because the affected region is in the mountains, they need coal for warming. Because so much land has been damaged, they need fodder for their herds too. Please remember to visit the poor Uyghur people in rural areas regardless of any excuse. I wish someone could collect money to cover the volunteers' travelling expenses. In this way, we could spend money on other poor Uyghur people in other rural areas, because this is a sparsely populated region, whose area is very large. Even if you reach here, you would not know where to find them. We are touched by people's motivations, reflecting a united spirit that says that, if one side is in trouble, the other sides will come to help. So, I advise those hesitating to come, think carefully. Accordingly, the current supplies and donations from our enterprisers and the government have exceeded expectations. ...... May Allah keep you all healthy ...... Ababakri Muhtar, reported from Misranim: an affected region, not a disaster region. May peace be up on you, my friends. I'm representing Misranim, Anatuprak, Qimbulak and Karwan websites to give a live report regarding to the condition of the affected regions. As I said at the beginning, words like "disaster region" in articles undoubtedly shocked everyone. A disaster region is an unfortunate place we don't want to visit. The correct term should be "an affected region." Please pay attention to your word usage. This morning, after a conversation with the leader of Keriye County, I found out that, since yesterday evening, many friends have delivered fodder and coal for the victims. Even the supplies from the government have exceeded the people's needs. I suggest other friends not come here, as other media have reported, because this situation is not as bad as it sounds. But still, with Allah's mercy, I am sad, having seen our friends' poverty. The people, who are already poor, attract our attention after this earthquake. God know how many poor families like them are existing in Xinjiang. After all, distributing the donated supplies has become a problem. Many charities are raising donations now, but the families live far away from each other. Under the circumstances, it is almost impossible to deliver the supplies to them. How we should do this
food shelter	I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks! We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township. Other news on Keriye from Uyghur web visitors: Hello! Dear brothers, today we left from Urumqi in the morning and arrived in Hotan at 9:00 in the evening. We took rescue goods with us that were provided by companies such as Abide and Miras. ,In the meantime, reporters from Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Karwan, Chimbulaq and other Uyghur websites took their microphones with them and went to the affected area. It is a 50-km distance from here. We handed over food and clothes to the affected people together with the companies' representatives. The power level of the earthquake is a 7.3-magnitude, an extremely high number. However, Allah protects our homeland: it was as if a miracle happened. According to the information from the Atchan township government, no casualties were reported, but the walls of houses were cracked. The cause was the epicenter being sparsely populated. In addition, 150,000 mu of pasture was destroyed by the huge mountain slide. 319 farm animals died. Everyone saw pictures of the earthquake on WeChat. Well, those pictures that you saw were taken from the most affected area. In total, there are no more than 10 pictures and all pictures were taken from CCTV and Xinjiang TV: there are no new pictures. However, some web writers published old pictures that were taken of the earthquake that occurred several years ago aspart of an attempt to convince the public that the pictures were taken of this quake. This resulted in a bad feeling among the people. One could only feel the real situation of our people on the actual spot. It was our peoples' poverty in Hotan that led to the considerable donation activities among us. People did not stop making donations until now. Visitors who came to the affected area also spread the news and tried to respond to peoples' feeling. At the moment, I would like to suggest that if someone were to make a donation, or organize a support team, the most needed and necessary things are coal and animal fodder. Because the affected area is close to the mountain, night temperatures can reach levels so low that local people need coal in order to stay warm. In addition, a great number of winter pastures were destroyed; therefore, the livestock and house animals need fodder. If people want to help, their best choice is to send only their representatives. It is difficult to contact the affected people or local officials here, because the affected area is so wide and the population settled so sparsely. If you come here, I want to inform you that it is really difficult to contact the affected people or local officials. In that case, you would not be able to hand over your donations. We are very impressed by our brothers' help and kind responses. Through these deeds, they show their generosity when others need urgent help. But we further suggest that you consider more calmly before you decide to come here. At present, there is already enough food and other daily necessities, even more than they need..... May Allah be grateful to you!..... Ababekri Muhtar's report from the Misranim website: The term "disaster area" is the wrong expression, I think. The correct phrase should be "affected area." Dear brothers, I am a representative of websites such as Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Chimbulaq and Karwan, which reported the situation at the affected area. The term "disaster area," used in a lot of reports and essays, really surprised us. The literary meaning of the term "disaster area" is "dangerous place where people can not stay". Therefore, the correct expression of this term should be "the affected area." I hope we use the correct term and words when writing essays. This morning, I talked with the head of Keriye County and found out that our brothers donated a great amount of coal and animal fodder. Currently, the rescue goods and other necessities at the County storage facilities have already exceeded the needs. Furthermore, I do not recommend that many people come here, as has been mentioned in other media because the situation is not as serious as we had imagined from afar. May Allah be merciful to our brothers! It is a pity to see our people's poverty and these miserable conditions. This time, the earthquake let the public know just how poor the local people were. How many poor villages existed in Xinjiang like that? Only Allah knows! Well, then, we return to our topic: it is a difficult problem to hand over rescue goods and other donations to the affected people. Charity organizations and the people did a lot of good things, but emergency goods must reach the hands of the affected people. Due to the fact that local residents settled down sparsely, how should we get the donations into their hands? What can we do
utils food	We have visited some families whose houses were damaged. Miras Company has offered clothes, food, and drink to the victims, as well as our brothers' greetings. Our website interviewed some of the victims. God willing, we will publish it on our website soon. Currently, everyone looks very well and energetic. Second stop is Achchan Township. Other news relates to Keriye from Uyghur bloggers. May peace be upon you, my friends. We landed in Hotan from Urumqi around 9:00 this morning. Then, we left for the affected regions, with the donation from our companies, Abida and Miras, as well as the microphones, provided by websites including Misranim, Anatuprak, Karwan, and Qimbulak. Certainly, this place is more than 50 kilometers away from Kiriye. We successfully delivered the food and clothes to the victims. The magnitude of 7.3 in the report is really high; however, thankfully, Allah has blessed our town and given this miracle. We knew from the Aqqang Township government that no one was injured, and only some houses were toppled. Of course, this is due to the fact that the earthquake occurred in a sparsely populated rural region. A rockslide damaged 150,000Mu of grassland, which caused 319 livestock to be killed. The pictures you saw on Wechat in recent days are from the most seriously damaged place. In total, there are only 10 pictures. We know that the reports from news agencies from the Central government and the Autonomous Region are from those pictures. However, some people on the Internet have posted pictures from the previous year's earthquake, giving wrong information. What you have seen here is the real condition of Uyghur people in this rural area. They are too poor to assemble donations. People who came here to assist these victims also updated with live reports. Now I want to say, please collect donations based on their need. We really need the necessary supplies. The victims are living in emergency tents, and because the affected region is in the mountains, they need coal for warming. Because so much land has been damaged, they need fodder for their herds too. Please remember to visit the poor Uyghur people in rural areas regardless of any excuse. I wish someone could collect money to cover the volunteers' travelling expenses. In this way, we could spend money on other poor Uyghur people in other rural areas, because this is a sparsely populated region, whose area is very large. Even if you reach here, you would not know where to find them. We are touched by people's motivations, reflecting a united spirit that says that, if one side is in trouble, the other sides will come to help. So, I advise those hesitating to come, think carefully. Accordingly, the current supplies and donations from our enterprisers and the government have exceeded expectations. ...... May Allah keep you all healthy ...... Ababakri Muhtar, reported from Misranim: an affected region, not a disaster region. May peace be up on you, my friends. I'm representing Misranim, Anatuprak, Qimbulak and Karwan websites to give a live report regarding to the condition of the affected regions. As I said at the beginning, words like "disaster region" in articles undoubtedly shocked everyone. A disaster region is an unfortunate place we don't want to visit. The correct term should be "an affected region." Please pay attention to your word usage. This morning, after a conversation with the leader of Keriye County, I found out that, since yesterday evening, many friends have delivered fodder and coal for the victims. Even the supplies from the government have exceeded the people's needs. I suggest other friends not come here, as other media have reported, because this situation is not as bad as it sounds. But still, with Allah's mercy, I am sad, having seen our friends' poverty. The people, who are already poor, attract our attention after this earthquake. God know how many poor families like them are existing in Xinjiang. After all, distributing the donated supplies has become a problem. Many charities are raising donations now, but the families live far away from each other. Under the circumstances, it is almost impossible to deliver the supplies to them. How we should do this? To hand over all the donations to the county government is the only way. The county government is full with donations coming in. But if you are familiar with the personality of the Uyghur, especially the Hoten's Uyghur, you can guess that it's difficult for them to go personally and pick up the donations from the government--out of their pride, and their unwillingness to beg for help. As we seen from the TV, usually the affected area is full of victims who are eating and living together in many shelter tents; but here, even though we're in the most affected area, you can't see more then 10 tents. If fresh polo was made by one of our people, it would be leftover because of the trouble in gathering enough people to eat it. It's commonly agreed that if supply exceeds need, people become lazy. But the victims need our help. What they need most right now is financial aid. The affected area, with its poor villages, need a financial guarantee to continue their normal production and daily life. We suggest people who can donate help the poor villages. We would be truly happy if helping hands reached the places that need them most. One more thing:, due to the already heavy supply, if further donations are sent, people should fill out the form shown in the picture. It's hard to deliver the personal donation to the government. We just heard the local school driver, Rawan in Hotan, is on his way to do the formal paperwork to donate 30 tons of coal. A lot of donations have been collected in the Urumqi. If it's not too much trouble for you, we suggest distributing donations house by house. You may face some trouble if you provide personal donations without a responsible person or company name. It's not difficult to feel the blessing of Allah toward our hometown, giving us the opportunity to deliver our love and care. Although, if the situation was as bad as they say over the net, there would be no time for paperwork, and we would not stand still without helping the victims. As a reporter from a private organization, I have been reporting the things I have seen without extra details. May happiness always be upon the kind people. Those who weren't able to be in the affected area personally, please donate your money to the people in need. As long as your goal is not to come here and take pictures, your donation can help the people needing medical treatment and education , and not necessarily the healthy people living in the affected area. The unrevealing part can be figured out by our people. May Allah bless all of us
utils food	We visited some of the residents in the Old Town of Keriye County, where the houses had cracks in the walls. Companies such as Abide and Miras sent humanitarian aid, including food and clothing to the affected people at the scene; in the meantime, they also passed along warm greetings to all our brothers and sisters. On websites, local people were interviewed on the spot. If Allah allows, we will publish the details on our websites as soon as possible. At present, our brothers' moods and mental states are strong. The second station is Achchan Township. Other news on Keriye from Uyghur web visitors: Hello! Dear brothers, today we left from Urumqi in the morning and arrived in Hotan at 9:00 in the evening. We took rescue goods with us that were provided by companies such as Abide and Miras. ,In the meantime, reporters from Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Karwan, Chimbulaq and other Uyghur websites took their microphones with them and went to the affected area. It is a 50-km distance from here. We handed over food and clothes to the affected people together with the companies' representatives. The power level of the earthquake is a 7.3-magnitude, an extremely high number. However, Allah protects our homeland: it was as if a miracle happened. According to the information from the Atchan township government, no casualties were reported, but the walls of houses were cracked. The cause was the epicenter being sparsely populated. In addition, 150,000 mu of pasture was destroyed by the huge mountain slide. 319 farm animals died. Everyone saw pictures of the earthquake on WeChat. Well, those pictures that you saw were taken from the most affected area. In total, there are no more than 10 pictures and all pictures were taken from CCTV and Xinjiang TV: there are no new pictures. However, some web writers published old pictures that were taken of the earthquake that occurred several years ago aspart of an attempt to convince the public that the pictures were taken of this quake. This resulted in a bad feeling among the people. One could only feel the real situation of our people on the actual spot. It was our peoples' poverty in Hotan that led to the considerable donation activities among us. People did not stop making donations until now. Visitors who came to the affected area also spread the news and tried to respond to peoples' feeling. At the moment, I would like to suggest that if someone were to make a donation, or organize a support team, the most needed and necessary things are coal and animal fodder. Because the affected area is close to the mountain, night temperatures can reach levels so low that local people need coal in order to stay warm. In addition, a great number of winter pastures were destroyed; therefore, the livestock and house animals need fodder. If people want to help, their best choice is to send only their representatives. It is difficult to contact the affected people or local officials here, because the affected area is so wide and the population settled so sparsely. If you come here, I want to inform you that it is really difficult to contact the affected people or local officials. In that case, you would not be able to hand over your donations. We are very impressed by our brothers' help and kind responses. Through these deeds, they show their generosity when others need urgent help. But we further suggest that you consider more calmly before you decide to come here. At present, there is already enough food and other daily necessities, even more than they need..... May Allah be grateful to you!..... Ababekri Muhtar's report from the Misranim website: The term "disaster area" is the wrong expression, I think. The correct phrase should be "affected area." Dear brothers, I am a representative of websites such as Misranim, Ana Tupraq, Chimbulaq and Karwan, which reported the situation at the affected area. The term "disaster area," used in a lot of reports and essays, really surprised us. The literary meaning of the term "disaster area" is "dangerous place where people can not stay". Therefore, the correct expression of this term should be "the affected area." I hope we use the correct term and words when writing essays. This morning, I talked with the head of Keriye County and found out that our brothers donated a great amount of coal and animal fodder. Currently, the rescue goods and other necessities at the County storage facilities have already exceeded the needs. Furthermore, I do not recommend that many people come here, as has been mentioned in other media because the situation is not as serious as we had imagined from afar. May Allah be merciful to our brothers! It is a pity to see our people's poverty and these miserable conditions. This time, the earthquake let the public know just how poor the local people were. How many poor villages existed in Xinjiang like that? Only Allah knows! Well, then, we return to our topic: it is a difficult problem to hand over rescue goods and other donations to the affected people. Charity organizations and the people did a lot of good things, but emergency goods must reach the hands of the affected people. Due to the fact that local residents settled down sparsely, how should we get the donations into their hands? What can we do? Certainly, the only way is to deal with the county authorities. Greetings and items arriving recently have reached those places as well. Something else that is unfortunate is that Uyghurs -- Hotanese in this case, as shown from their characters -- do not feel comfortable making a plea for help. It seems that the items we brought will not be picked up so easily from local authorities by villagers. As we have seen on TV, when earthquakes happen elsewhere, thousands of people gather together to have their meals in the open and live in tents. Unfortunately, it is hard to find even as few as ten tents in the most quake-affected areas here. If someone cooks a big pot of Polo, it will get left over when the cook fails to find anyone to eat it. We all know that if supply surpasses demand, people will become lazy. But we should pay more visits to the brothers here. What they need now is financial help. In other words, those who have been affected as well as those living in the most rural villages who have not been affected by the disaster need a financial guarantee to get back to their normal lives. We ask our brothers to extend their material items to those who are in poverty. We will certainly be grateful if the gracious hands of brothers reach all those in need. Something else that I have to remind you of is that since supply surpassed anticipation in some disaster-affected areas, those who would like to help the disaster-affected areas must fill out the forms. It is difficult for the government to accept and receive donations from donors. We just received the news that the Rawan Driver Education School had set out to hand over 30 tons of coal with relevant legal documentation. Many places in Urumqi raised donations. It would be best if you didn't mind covering longer distances and just distributed the financial help house by house. You will face a series of difficulties in receiving and distributing if you don't distribute the material items in the name of an organization or an entity. This shows that Allah kept our hometowns safe and gave us the opportunity to extend our warmth to our brothers and sisters. But if the situation is as serious as the way it has been publicized online, there will not be enough time to register and get the necessary paperwork done. And thus we would have set out to meet the needs of our people. Since I am a privately employed reporter, I have been reporting certain things as they are without any embellishment. Eternal happiness to the generous hearts. To those who could not make it here, please don't be annoyed. Keep extending your gracious hands to the needy. It would be best in coming here if you didn't take pictures. It would be best if the waves of donation were not only for those who are physically healthy in the disaster-affected areas, but were also for those who are struggling in beds of sickness and for those poor who are not able to receive an education. Brothers whose minds are awake should be able to understand what has not been said. May Allah keep all of you safe
utils food shelter	The round-up report on Kiriye. The round-up report on Kiriye. Because of poor network service, I could not renew news on my blog. Please forgive me. We have reached Keriye county, and are going on our trip to the affected region. Recently, people on Wechat complained and argued about both a Turkish singer and the people who spread news about this singer, which made Wechat a battling site. Since yesterday, the comments on Mis Ra Nim web had started to blame Xinjiang TV Station for spreading that news. Everyone has turned their attention to the earthquake, and we have left for there. We criticized our entrepreneurs, but they also left for the affected region this morning. So those complaints have vanished. Following that, we started to blame those who had not reached the site. According to the information given by the youth, some young people and companies will reach the site tomorrow morning. And then, some people are still blaming them. But in fact, those companies are helping the victims. Now we've started to blame the people who are on their way to the disaster site. We sincerely hope that our friends' diseases are cured as soon as possible. If God allows, we will arrive at the affected region to report the situation in the next two days. We appeal to our friends to spread the solidarity and kindness, not rumors, on our Uyghur's Wechat moment. Thanks
utils food shelter	The general reports on Keriye I could not publish general reports on Keriye in time because internet access was so poor. Apologies. We arrived at Keriye and continued our trip to the affected area. Recently, our brothers and sisters had used WeChat as their battle field. Since yesterday, they had plenty of time to curse the Turkish singer and his fans. They had time to slander and curse Misranim and other Uyghur websites, and even Xinjiang TV. However, we all made our way to the earthquake-affected area and left for the scene. We were very critical of Uyghur enterpereneurs, but once they were mobilized, we stopped blaming them. We also blamed some other people who did not immediately respond but who informed us that they would arrive to the location by tomorrow. And then we still denounced the companies, even though they provided support to the best of their abilities. Then we started criticizing people who went to the scene. We hoped our brothers and sisters would quickly recover from sickness born of extreme excitement. If Allah will allow us, we will try to report the situation in detail from the scene. I beg our brothers and sisters, the Uyghur ündidar friendship circle, to be covered in flowers of love and unity! Please avoid accusations and complaints. Thanks
terrorism	A bloody terrorist attack took place in Ankara
terrorism	Bloody terroristic incident happened in Ankara.
terrorism	Car bombing happened in Egypt's 6th of October City http://t.co/yM7D0Mirp
terrorism	A bomb attacked a bus in Egypt on October 6th. http://t.co/yM7D0Mirp
terrorism	America marks 14th anniversary of September 11, 2001 Attacks: On Friday in New York City... http://t.co/9T7SeDmx0
terrorism	14th anniversary of 9.11 terrorist attack was memorized on September 11th in America. http://t.co/9T7SeDmx0
food shelter	The flood in Qumul. Muxibul Rahman Erkim. On May 5, 2015, in Kumul, the steady rain caused the extreme, which hit quickly three of the five ancient cities. The people of Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohochi witnessed a scene that they had never seen in their lives. The older folks said these towns have never suffered this kind of disastrous flood
food shelter	Kumul flood disaster: there was heavy rainfall in Kumul on May 20, 2015, which caused the heavy flood disaster in the morning of the next day. There are five ancient cities in Kumul, in which three were attacked by the flood disaster. People from Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships witnessed a scene that they never had seen before in their lives. The old people said that this kind of catastrophic flooding never happened here before
evac shelter	Erkim: the Flood in Qumul. The flood in Qumul. Muxibul Rahman Erkim. On May 5, 2015, in Kumul, the steady rain caused the extreme, which hit quickly three of the five ancient cities. The people of Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohochi witnessed a scene that they had never seen in their lives. The older folks said these towns have never suffered this kind of disastrous flood. In Tohochi, Kariz, their only source of water, a source with hundreds of years of history, was buried by the dirt. Hundreds of houses were toppled. Hundreds of livestock were washed away. The vineyards were inundated. The farmlands were destroyed. The sky alternated its color between darkness and red, and it had been raining continuously, calling to mind the old saying that the rain is a relief, unless itis a disaster. Qaradöwe was also destroyed in the same way. The raging water was flowing in the ravine, which had never encountered this enormous water. What on earth did the old men and women whisper about? In this moment, deciding between life and death, the people should unite and cooperorate to resist this cruel disaster by standing shoulder to shoulder. Native folks were tremendously upset. The folks calling and encouraging voices from around the corners drowned out the storm's turbulent and arrogant sound. Every local government's department, staff, worker and leader have already started to resist this disaster. On May 21, 2015, the flood, which was out of control, started to abateslowly through the afternoon. The passionate and warm-hearted volunteers and philanthropists, who came from other places to help in Qaradöwe, Lapchuq, and Tohuchi, have already arrived in these wounded ancient towns. The lively humanitarian lyrics started from the corners of the streets, healing every piece of broken heart. Ah, how great my people are! No matter what kind of cruel catastrophe happens, nothing is ahead of you. The song of unity from your people, crashing the mountains into dust, is being sung Go into battle. Let us go to a safe place. The victims from Tohochi. Unity is a power. The affected livestock. 35 workers from Kumul Sharizat Company are helping in the affected areas under the leadership of their directors. The philanthropists have come. Al Abide is in action. I hear that today the legitimate registered charitable organizations will help these affected regions. The related departments are working as best they can to assist in post-disaster relief. The leaderships of both Qumul District and Qumul City are with the people in the affected region to guide the works of post-disaster reconstruction. The people will never forget the leader who was devoted enough to serve the people. People from all over wish bravery and strength to the people in the affected region. We stand with you all the time. Photo source: Wechat, May 5, 2015, Qumul IMG_2402.JPG (160.41 Kb, 23: download times) IMG_2404.JPG (463.69 KB, 16, download times) IMG_2406.JPG (94.26 KB, 10 : download times) IMG_2409.JPG (157.35 KB, 17 : download times) IMG_2410.JPG (133.95 KB, 14 : download times) IMG_2414.JPG (173.98 KB, 14 : download times) yaruk 0 titles, 0 friends, 3771 collections, active member contribution 59.03%, member's information, register number: 34855, messages: 348, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 1126, online time: 308 hours, latest online time: 04/17/2016, messages and chat. May Allah bless you. Feedback reported. jim-jit titles: 0, friends:0 , collections: 5392, collective member contribution: 7.84%, member's information, register number: 22142, messages: 226, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 610 hours, latest online time: 04/25/2016, messages and chat May Allah ease the victims' suffering. I wish our brothers to establish a further better hometown. Feedback reported. 1APOLO titles: 0, friends:0 , collections: 1744, collective diligent member contribution: 74.4%, member's information, register number: 28924, messages: 40, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 568 hours, latest online time: 04/27/2016, messages and chat It is our destiny to encounter and endure disaster and death. Your brothers from the edge of Taklimakan felt sad after seeing the damage. The descendants of brave Qumul warriors have been thriving in the Uyghur history on this forum, and have been helping to continue our history till this day. They have never been afraid of any difficult task, and they punished our enemies with their swords. I firmly believe that what you have encountered today will bring you a resplendent future. Because the friendship is tested during the difficult time. I'm just able to inspire you this much. Please accept my simple gifts. In the history, your ancestors rode their horses in the tough desert, and I hope yours are never tired. The people are praying for the rewards for people who have suffered these difficulties. Do not quit. We are revitalizing because of the prayers from our people. register number: 33065, messages: 127, trophy points: 0, forum money: 0, contribution: 5, online time: 556 hours, latest online time: 04/13/2016, May Allah bless my friends. If they need me, as a construction worker, I really hope to help them as much as possible. I believe the Party Committee of Qumul District and government should work for their people better than other places in the Autonomous Region, which is known for the people who have been in Qumul before. I was very sad after I saw this. May Allah bless them. No one can resist this disaster by himself, and no one can just prevent the damage. Once, the houses, called Earthquake Defending Houses, couldn't resist any more. Then, the houses were named Earthquake Resistance Houses. Ah, how great my people are! No matter what kind of cruel disaster happens, nothing is ahead of you. Because the song of unity from your people, crashing the mountains into dust, is being sung. May Allah relieve their difficulties. I bless these united and diligent people. I pray they find the best way to handle these difficulties by following Allah's words. I wish that the people from unaffected regions should assist them as much as they can, and intelligent people should pray for atonement constantly by pondering on the power of benevolent and mighty Allah. For sure, our impregnable bulwark is our prayers, and our peace is the fruit of our atonements. May Allah pardon us and relieve the affected people's difficulties. I believe that the people in Qumul will overcome these difficulties. As long as there is unity, everything will be fine. May Allah bless you. May Allah prevent disasters like this
evac shelter	Erkim: Kumul flood disaster. Kumul flood disaster: there was heavy rainfall in Kumul on May 20, 2015, which caused the heavy flood disaster in the morning of the next day. There are five ancient cities in Kumul, in which three were attacked by the flood disaster. People from Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships witnessed a scene that they never had seen before in their lives. The old people said that this kind of catastrophic flooding never happened here before. Sanpu Township had hundreds of years of history. The only source of drinking water in the area, Karez, was buried in earth. Hundreds of houses collapsed. Hundreds of livestock died, and hundreds of counties were damaged. A lot of grapevines were eradicated by the flood. The farmland was flooded. The weather was changeable. The clouds were sometimes changed into black and sometimes were dark red. The rain continued to fall strongly. The disaster situation both in Sipu and Wupu townships was very serious. The concave ground that had held no water for a few centuries was full of flood water now. The old men constantly muttered when seeing these things. In this moment of life and death, we must unite together against the merciless disaster. The villagers moved to take part in the disaster relief. The yelling and the cheering sound arising from around the area overpowered the violent thunder of the flood. The government agencies, companies, employees and leaders acted quickly. The out-of-control flood began to slow down on May 21, 2015. The volunteer blood donors who would donate blood for Wupu, Sipu, and Sanpu townships had been in the disaster areas. The songs of love sang in the streets. The heart burnt by the disaster was consoled by the love. How great the people are! Any catastrophe cannot conquer you. All the people sang the song of unity to crush the hinderance. We are fighting! All the villagers should go to the safe place quickly. Unity is the strength. 35 employees from Hamesher and Rizatti companies are giving aid to the disaster areas under the leadership of the leaders. The legal charitable organization also goes to the disaster areas today. Related units are trying best to prepare the post-disaster relief work. The regional government as well as the municipal government in Kumul also went to the disaster areas to guide disaster relief work. The leaders who do good deeds for the masses will be remembered by the masses forever. Toughness and persistence will be with the people in the disaster areas. We will stay together all the time. Source of the picture: WeChat. Kumul, on May 22, 2015. IMG_2402.JPG （Download counts：160.41 KB, 23） IMG_2402.JPG （Download counts：463.69 KB, 16） IMG_2406.JPG （Download counts：92.26 KB, 10） IMG_2409.JPG （Download counts：157.35 KB, 17） IMG_2410.JPG （Download counts：139.25 KB, 14） IMG_2414.JPG （Downlad counts：173.9KB, 14） yaruk 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 3,771, upgrade of active member 59.03%, member log in: 34,385, written number: 0, outstanding content: 0, forum coins: 5, contribution: 1,126, online time: 308 hours, the last time of online: on April 17, 2016, information talk in. God will bless the victims. Tip-off. jim-jit 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 5,392, upgrade of active member 7.84%, member log in: 22,142, written number: 0, outstanding content: 226, forum coins: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 1,722 hours, the last time of online: on April 25, 2016, information talks in. God bless the victims. We hope the disaster areas will be rebuilt more beautifully. Tip-off. 1APOLO 0 topics, 0 friends, accumulated 1,744, upgrade of active member 74.4%, member log in: 28,972, written number: 0, outstanding content: 40, forum coins: 0, contribution: 0, online time: 568 hours, the last time of online: on April 27, 2016, information talks in. We just have to trust to luck. We are so sad to see the disaster happen to the compatriots in the edge of Taklamakan Desert. It shows us the history of Uighur. The Uighur have experienced many difficulties in their development. The experience of descendants of the brave Kumul warriors will become the beginning of good life in the future. The kinship is reflected in the bitter day. I can only give you blessing and encouragement. I hope you can accept my regards. We hope you also ride an indomitable horse just as the veterans did before. Eri expresses his sadness about your suffering. Please do not lose heart. Eri blesses everything to go well. Member log in: 33,065, written number: 127, outstanding content: 0, forum coins: 5, contribution: 556, online time: 102 hours, the last time of online: on April 13, 2016, information talks in. I hope God will bless our compatriots. I am a construction worker and hope to help them. Everyone who has gone to Kumul knows that the Party Committee and local government in Kumul do better for the masses than other regions. I am so sad to hear the message. No one can withstand the disaster, and we can only prevent disasters from causing greater losses. The so-called "anti- seismic room" has no effects. It is called "shock-proof room" later. How great our masses are! Even the largest disaster can't conquer you. All the people sang the song of unity to crush the hinderance. I hope God can help them to overcome their difficulties. Please trust our government. The hard time will pass with the help of our compatriots and God. I hope the compatriots can help the victims as much as possible. God bless the people in the disaster areas. I believe the compatriots in Kumul can overcome difficulties. Unity and hope can make things better. I hope God blesses the victims. I hope God blesses us and protects us from misfortune
evac	Chilean people went back to their homes, risking of volcanic eruption. Ana Tuprak translation: According to Chong Xin News on the 2nd, the Calbuco volcano in southern Chile erupted twice. However, more than 1,500 people who were living on two sides of Calbuco Mountain returned back to their hometowns to begin cleanup, risking of re-eruptions. News said that there were 2,000 volcanoes existing in mountainous areas around the Pacific Ocean. In terms of numbers, it is in second place worldwide. Among them, the Calbuco volcano was the most dangerous volcanic eruption
evac	Chilean People Returned Home Despite of the Explosion Threat of Volcano Translated by "Mother Land Web": According to the Zhongxin Web's news on the 27th day, Calbuco volcano in southern Chile erupted twice. However, 1,500 residents who live in a tour city under the hillside of the volcano began to clean their homes despite the fact of possible danger from explosions. The report states, "Chile, which is located in the Pacific volcano belt, has around 2,000 volcanoes and holds the second position in the world by the number of volcanoes. Among them the Calbuco volcano is believed as the most dangerous volcano
shelter	Chinese Media Network News, April 27[th]: Bagdax Network: Ablimit translation. According to the foreign media reports, western Pakistan was struck by a storm that caused the deaths of 44 people and injuries of varying severity in more than 200. Based on reports, the northwestern part of Pakistan endured a storm at local time of 4 am on April 26. The intense rain and storm caused severe damage. Due to the intense storm, around 10 families' houses collapsed, trees fell down, and many roads were blocked
shelter	News from China's information network on April 27th: Ablimit from the Bagdax.net contributed to the translation: According to news from foreign media on April 26th, so far 44 people were dead and more than 200 people were injured by a storm in northwest Pakistan. News reports said that, local time April 26, Peshawar, in northwest Pakistan, had suffered a heavy rain and storm that caused massive damage. Attacked by the storm, 10 or more houses collapsed and trees were uprooted, which caused numbers of roadblocks
terrorism	2 police scarified in the PKK terrorist attack
terrorism	Two police officers sacrificed their lives during the PKK terroristic attack.
food shelter	Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches Dangerous Earthquake strikes Keriya and National Level Rescue Launches. A strong 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck Keriya county at 15:19:50 Urumchi Time, on February 12. The earthquake depth is 12 km
food shelter	A severe earthquake occurred in Yutian, followed by national relief. At 3:19:50 on February 12, a magnitude 7.3 earthquake occurred around Yutian County. The epicenter depth reached to 12 meters
shelter	The number of remaining quake has been reached 143 times so far and 350 houses damaged. 861 houses with cracked walls. 386 barns collapsed and 178 livestock killed. The earthquake in Achchan village, Keriya was severe. 620,000 square kilometers area and 192,000 people affected
shelter	As of now, there have been 143 aftershocks, which damaged 350 houses. The wall of 861 houses cracked, 386 animal pens collapsed, and 178 domestic animals died. The strong earthquake struck Atqan village of Yutian county. The earthquake Aafected 192,000 square meters of land and 620,000 people
shelter	All organizations under the jurisdiction of the county have checked all constructions in detail. Currently the rescue team, consisting of more than 400 cadre organizations, have gone to the stricken area carrying medicines, tents and foods. All villages, towns and work units organized their cadres and groups to fully participate in the detailed examination task. Particular attention has been paid to fully understand the damage situation in Atchan village, which was close to the epicenter. 9 m& M3 a8 [8 O7 Y$ |
shelter	The Subordinate units of the county had checked all project items carefully. At this very moment, a rescue team composed of more than 400 cadres set out for the disaster area with goods like medicine, tents, food and so on. Local cadres at all levels tried their best to check out victims one by one, and especially, paid more attention to the victims of Aqqan village which is nearby the earthquake center. 9 m& M3 a8 [8 O7 Y
utils food	More than 400 cadres in Keriye county organizations in the stricken area (...) China Uyghur Radio Web, February 13, Beijin
utils food	About 400 Yutian cadres arrived at the earthquake disaster area. China Radio Net Uyghur channel, news from Beijing, February 13
evac shelter	A forest fire occurred in California, U.S.A. At the local time on Jun 13, a forest fire occurred near California, which caused around 250 people to evacuate during the fight against fire. (1300 English mile land was burned by the fire, which was caused by thunder.
evac shelter	A great forest fire occurred in California, USA A great forest fire occurred in California, USA, in local time, on June 13, 2015. In the process of extinguishing the fire, the firefighters evacuated approximately 250 people from the scene (the fire was caused by lightning striking the forest, and currently1,300 acres of land has burned down)
utils	The "Cauldron Talks" Regarding the Earthquake in Keriye are Growing Agitated February 12, 2014 was an ordinary day for all of us
utils	Heated talks were held about the earthquake that occurred in Hotan February 12, 2014, was an ordinary day for all of us
shelter	We felt happy for those actions; we were grateful for their unselfish kindness and compassion; we were proud of them, saying "my fellow Uyghurs." Though we were unable to make any contributions to them, we were keep wishing to support those people who have contributed. Later we got an even clearer report. According to a full report from the China News website, Keriye county in Khotan, where the earthquake occurred, is located in the southwestern part of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, to the north of the Koenlun Mountains, on the border with the Tibet Autonomous Region. During this earthquake, the Pishkar hamlet of Atchan village of Keriye county suffered severe losses during the disaster. This area of Atchan village is a mountainous area which was sparsely populated and loosely inhabited
shelter	We were totally satisfied and moved by this great love; Although we couldn't do any more, we prayed for them from the bottom of our hearts. Later on, information became more clear. According to the China information news, The Yutian County of Hotan district, which was hit by a magnitude 7.3 earthquake, was located in the southwest Xinjiang, northern part of the Kunlun Mountains, bounded by Tibet. Pexkar village in Aqqan town had suffered the greatest blow in the earthquake. This region of Aqqan village was a mountain area with a small population. People in there had been living sparsely
utils evac food shelter	A press conference was held by the government of Hotan province to discuss solutions and rescue work after the "February 12[th]" earthquake. Uzunda website: the Government of Hotan held a press conference to discuss rescue projects and solutions for the 7.3 magnitude earthquake, which occurred in Keriya, Hotan on February 12[th]. The meeting concluded with important information about solutions and rescue missions
utils evac food shelter	A press conference on the earthquake relief in the "2.12" magnitude Keriya earthquake in the Hotan region. Abstract: on February 15, a press conference discussed the whole situation of earthquake relief for the Hotan region, following the "2.12"magnitude Keriya earthquake, measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale
food shelter	A 7.3 magnitude earthquake happened in Keriya. Xijing Ping and Li Keqiang gave very important notices regarding this. The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in the Keriya province in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region on February 12[th]
food shelter	M7.3 earthquake occurred in Yutian. Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang have made important instructions regarding the disaster relief work. An M7.3 earthquake occurred at 15:19, Feb 12th, 2014, in Xinjiang, Yutian county
terrorism	Daish attacked Tahurmahu village with chemical gas.
terrorism	Thairé village of Daix was attacked by chemical gas.
food shelter	Behind the scenes of the Keriya earthquake. (Jiang Li)The 7.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in Keriya at 9:15 （Urumqi time）on February 12, with the epicentre approximately 12 kilometers away. The earthquake affected more than sixty thousand from six provinces and the city of Hotan
shelter	The Xinjiang Government supported the idea. In recent years, especially after the central work conference in Xinjiang, the Autonomous Region strongly valued preparation and damage control projects. The Xinjiang Autonomous Region held several conferences to explore the overall environment of Xinjiang. Earthquake preparation and subsequent intervention were carefully discussed
evac food shelter	Kiriye earthquake affected 7800 people. The report from Xinhua Network Feb 13. According to the newest statistic from the Civil Affair Bureau of Autonomous Region, a 7.3 magnitude earthquake on Feb 12 affected 7800 people in six counties in Hotan Prefecture, though, thankfully, no casualties have been reported
evac food shelter	7,800 people were effected by the earthquake in Keriye Xinhua Net, February 13th report: According to the newest data revealed by the Civil Affairs Department of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, a total of 7,800 people were effected by the disaster in the six counties of Hotan Prefecture during the 7.3-magnitude earthquake which happened on February 12. Fortunately, no casualties have been reported
evac	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake
evac shelter	The China of 2008 seems to be doomed to undergo one cruel baptism after the next. The abrupt arrival of the snowstorms, the agonizing train collision, the trials of the Olympic torch relay, up to the current 5.12 Wenchuan earthquake. This is yet another scar etched deeply on the chest of the Republic
shelter	Recently, student Liu Linhai of our Class 0208105 unfortunately lost his life in the Great 5/12 Earthquake, and our call to students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 to extend a helping hand to his parents was positively responded to by everyone. This also includes both HIB students and alumni at home and alumni abroad, to whom we would like to express our heart-felt gratitude. In addition, school faculties are already making applications to resolve the loans that he owed to pursue his study. However, as our nation is in a disaster, we should still focus our attention on the overall situation and make our contributions to the nation and the disaster-hit area. So thank you everyone for your good intention. We hope you could donate your money to the affected areas and to more needy people. If students of the School of Mechatronics Engineering undergraduate program '02 want to make a donation, you may contact us directly. In addition, please note we have not posted any bank account numbers online. True feelings are revealed at times of disasters. Once again, our entire 0208105 class would like to express our heart-felt gratitude to everyone's attention and blessings on behalf of the late Liu Linhai and his family
shelter	The Chinese government has responded quickly to the earthquake. At the same time, all of the media, primarily composed of state-owned media, has spared no efforts in presenting the government's best face to the Chinese people who have united as never before. This is all helpful for improving the image of the central government, demonstrating that it is responsible and highly efficient
shelter	Since the Tangshan Earthquake, the starting point for construction standards in the mainland is that under an earthquake of the same magnitude, buildings should preserve their basic frame without collapsing. However, most of the buildings in this hard-hit area did not meet these requirements, with the widespread collapse of school buildings in particular arousing intense public disgust
evac food shelter	Raising standards to in excess of Tangshan's 8.0 magnitude could leave authorities with some breathing space for explanation, and alleviate public anger. According to information leaked from numerous channels, we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck, the serious earthquake risk in the Ngawa region was already well known to the CCP. Although current forecasting standards cannot give us an accurate prediction of the exact time, place, and strength of an earthquake, there is considerable experience accumulated both in China and overseas in predicting to within the timeframe of a month, and the area of a province
utils food shelter	If the simulation program was well designed, circumstances like debris blocking roads, heavy rainfall obstructing parachute drops, power and communication outages should all have been within expectations. Instead in this instance the Liberation Army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously was not a contingency plan designed with earthquakes as the assumed condition, as the soldiers all rushed straight to Wenchuan, without immediately sending out troops in the direction of badly-hit areas Beichuan, Qingchuan and Gansu's Longnan; only 24 hours later was the full extent of the disaster area taken into consideration. In addition, the breakdown in communication also brought a serious problem to the surface. In the past, Red Army regiments were able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one battered radio. On this occasion though, people had no way to deal with the communication failure
shelter	On the other hand, Mike (Mike Boyer), editor of "Foreign Policy," indicated in an essay in a special column, "China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management" (China quake will test Beijing's transparency, crisis management), that up until now, the Chinese government seems to be fairly liberal with the release of information regarding the massive earthquake in Sichuan, and the government's approach is still rather satisfactory
shelter	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China
shelter	One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami
evac shelter	Records indicate that Mother Nature has meted out punishment to humankind on a total of three occasions during the last one-hundred years. Two of these instances were in China. One instance was the great flood of 1931, in which in excess of 3.5 million people died in China. The second instance was the 1976 Tangshan Earthquake, where over 250 thousand died. More than 120 thousand people died in this current tsunami. Although there is a diminishing trend to the number of casualties in these three disasters, the figure of 120 thousand is nonetheless alarming indeed. Where the beaches of these countries were littered with human bodies, surprisingly there were no wild animal corpses to be found. Some animals, including elephants, during the preceding few days had already taken to their heels and headed for the mountains. And only after the tsunami was over did they come down to search for water. Is this an accident? Run Taoyan tells us it isn't! My home is in the plains to the south of Beijing, not a great distance away from Tangshan. However, damage to buildings in the earthquake was not too serious. In the days leading up to the Tangshan earthquake, horses, cows and sheep did not seek shelter, ducks and chickens stayed out of the coop - even mice crossing the road were a widespread phenomenon
evac shelter	Run Taoyan tells us it isn't! My home is in the plains to the south of Beijing, not a great distance away from Tangshan. However, damage to buildings in the earthquake was not too serious
shelter	It was said that Wen Jiabo immediately went to inspect the disaster area, but he couldn't at all enter Wenchuan, the epicenter of the earthquake, where large torrential rains after the quake were falling. It was learned that due to seriousness of the breaks and =collapses in roads, as well as continuous aftershocks, the advance force of the Chengdu Military Region has up to now had no way to rush to the urban area of Wenchuan county, the epicenter of the earthquake
evac shelter	The lack or serious shortage of intermediate layers of Party organizations and units between the two has resulted in its inability to consider major issues with endless minor issues on hand, such that even if it is highly capable, it won't last long, as it will be dragged down by numerous petty things. This would have been unimaginable during the Great Tangshan Earthquake. A time without volunteers or mental workers, such petty things as directly dealing with average people were performed by the most primary Party branches, as well as enterprises and public institutions. As soon as the earthquake occurred, grass-root organizations contacted their own people and average people also contacted their own systems or departments, in an interdependent manner
evac food shelter	Such a behavior will only hurt the good image that Chinese have presented to the world in the earthquake rescue and relief efforts this time. Following the great earthquake in Sichuan, China, Chinese people both at home and abroad have become united as never before, demonstrating unprecedented love and philanthropy. Countless touching stories able to move people to tears have been told during the disaster relief
shelter	Some officials, out of local economic considerations, by accident or design are frequently too lenient in dealing with property agents. We all saw the damage wreaked by the Wenchuan Earthquake. As to how much of this was a result of natural disaster, and how much was man-made calamity, a verdict will be drawn in the end
evac shelter	Following the Great Wenchuan Earthquake this time, there were compatriots who struggled out of the debris, wiped their tears and buried the bodies of their families, but they braced up again and declared to the world, "we are not beaten down; we are on our feet again; the earthquake cannot shake the staunch will of the Chinese people; trials and tribulations serve only to revitalize a nation!" This enables us to see the fighting spirits of the dauntless Chinese nation give off a dazzling radiance among people in disaster-hit areas
food shelter	However, owing to Premier Wen breaking away from the Political Bureau of the Central Committee collective and the State Council, flying over to Sichuan to put on a one-man show, and then issuing commands to Beijing from Sichuan and deploying troops, the leaders of the relevant departments had no choice but to fly over to Sichuan to confer over disaster relief work, before heading back to Beijing to make phone calls and delegate work; typically ineffective behavior and a waste of manpower
utils	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland
food shelter	At 14:28 on May 12, 2008, there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province. From that point on, an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party, the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland! It was not spontaneous; it was an organized, orderly, and large-scale mass earthquake relief effort under the leadership of party organizations and governments at all levels. In the immense ranks of the earthquake relief effort, Communist Party cadres and government officials of all levels assumed the directing and organizing positions, and our people's army charged in the forefront. The emergency relief and rescue brigades sent from all parts of the country, the medical corps, the anti-epidemic corps, the goods transportation contingent and also the volunteers followed closely behind, heading for the disaster zone. Airplanes roared; vehicle wheels rumbled; and there were also the formidable ranks on foot, charging full steam ahead like the roll of an ocean wave, as the heroic and stirring act unfolded on the Chinese mainland! The earthquake was a lesson, a mirror, and a great practical test of truth
utils food shelter	I suspect no nation holding the Olympics had an experience like ours during the Olympic year. Since the massive earthquake occurred in Wenchuan in Sichuan, whenever we've gazed at the disaster scenes brought to us on the television screen, we couldn't accept and didn't dare to face the huge damage done to our nation by these sudden disasters. The Chinese people's dauntless national spirit was once again unfolded, behind the figure of the premier in particular, this 66-year-old premier who was just the same as an ordinary old Chinese person, rushing about the disaster zones
evac	Although Wen Jiabao then requested that access to disaster-hit areas be made available by midnight the 13th, it was until 21.30 hours on the 15th that relevant rescuers connected the road from Li County to Wenchuan for the first time, which was already 79 hours after the earthquake. It should be noted that at the time, rescuers were still unable to access 34 of the 58 townships affected by the disaster
utils food shelter	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier
utils evac food shelter	The Tangshan Earthquake left behind over 4000 orphans. In the Wenchuan Earthquake, the first things to collapse in practically every town were the school buildings, while the government buildings next door were far sturdier. The bodies of the students killed in the earthquake came to rest in the school playgrounds, the unremitting wretched cries of many family members confirming the deceased or paying respects harrowing the hearts of the hearers
utils evac food shelter	Following the great earthquake, all over Tangshan squares, school playgrounds and pedestrian walks on both sides of streets lay piles of dead bodies and wounded refugees. In disaster-hit areas, streams of people who carried wounded people for medical care and medications can be seen everywhere
evac shelter	In recent years, as some major earthquakes have occurred all of a sudden in areas not previously expected (e.g. the Armenia Earthquake in the former Soviet Union, the Osaka-Kobe Earthquake in Japan and the Los Angeles Earthquake in the United States etc.), while they have failed to happen as expected in some earthquake-prone areas (East Sea of Japan, and Parkfield in the United States), for which there are specific predictive opinions, scientists have been prompted to review if the existing earthquake forecasting system is effective. Britain's Royal Astronomical Society and Geophysical Association held a workshop on "Assessment of Schemes for Earthquake Prediction" in London, the United Kingdom, in November 1996
utils evac food shelter	The Wenchuan Earthquake wrought massive destruction on those in its path. According to incomplete statistics, as of 7pm on the 13th, 12,012 victims had died in the Sichuan quake zone, 9,404 people were buried in the rubble, 7,841 were missing, with 26,206 being treated in hospital
evac	The Political Bureau also specifically assigned people to the task of Mao Zedong's medical care, taking turns with the doctors and nurses to be on constant vigil at his living quarters. On the day of the Tangshan Earthquake, i.e. July 28th, those on duty at Mao Zedong's quarters were Wang Dongxing, Wang Hongwen, and Mao Zedong's confidential secretary, Zhang Yufeng. In the early hours of the morning, with the clock hands pointing to 3:42, the ground of Zhongnanhai suddenly started to shudder
evac	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine
utils evac food shelter	The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again. Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan's Wenchuan, this misfortune-plagued homeland of mine. The earthquake disaster neatly coincided with the Olympic torch relay within China
evac shelter	Terminating the torch relay, I believe, will be able to win compassion, understanding and support of the international community, as well as understanding, endorsement and support of the whole nation. Terminating the torch relay will only present an image to the international community that the Chinese people face up to realities, seek truth and pragmatism, fear no difficulties, share one purpose, and unite to fight against the disaster. On the contrary, if we simply continue the relay, the international community will only turn a cold shoulder to and look down upon China
food shelter	Now with the earthquake in Wenchuan, people all over the country are burning with anxiety over the disaster rescue efforts. But a small number of flunkies of the foreigners went wild and intentionally made hateful insinuations towards and mocked the image of the PLA to stir up tensions between the military and the government and between the military and the people. How can this be tolerated?
evac shelter	Ever since the earthquake disaster, the TV stations have been broadcasting the quake zone situation 24/7, and apart from being moved by the Liberation Army, more than that I feel regret that the people in the disaster zone have not been properly mobilized. There are many youths in the disaster zone idling by the wayside, or watching on as the Liberation Army carry out rescues, or just sitting on the ground with nothing to do. Is that because these guys are not concerned? No, the point is that no Party organization has rounded them up efficiently and formed them into a rescue force. Right now, with only regular army troops going into the disaster zone, a lot of large equipment is stuck on the roads, progress is painfully slow. With these kinds of geological conditions, why not fully organize the people, breaking them up into small groups to disperse throughout the disaster zone? If the main routes are blocked, take smaller roads. If the smaller roads are blocked off, take the mountain roads. The local population ought to best understand the lie of the land. It shouldn't be much of an issue to organize a few more people together, find guides and get into the disaster zone. When the Liberation Army can't enter the disaster area en masse, the most effective approach would be the onsite organization of the population for quake relief, or mobilizing the inhabitants of surrounding settlements not badly affected by the disaster, marshalling them together in the quickest possible time and making haste for the rescue effort front line
shelter	Normally it's possible, but in this particular earthquake it isn't possible. Because Wenchuan County is in a valley, you must descend in order to be able to conduct a rescue. In addition, for Wenchuan, this sort of place lying on the edge of the plateau, ordinary helicopters cannot necessarily fly up there. A helicopter used specifically for plateaus may be required
shelter	On Wednesday morning, the Juventus club quietly arrived in Hong Kong to kick off their China tour. Hong Kong is the first stop on Juventus' Asia-Pacific tour. They then will head to Shanghai, before finally flying out to Oceania to take on Australia's Melbourne Victory
food shelter	Amid the serious situation of the strong earthquake in Sichuan, Taiwan companies have been making donations. Donated funds are nearly NT $3 billion from groups including Formosa Plastics, Foxcom, Far Eastern, and Yulon. By contrast, ten richest people in China donated only about NT $140 million in total, which brings the cross-strait gap to nearly 20 times
utils shelter	I am in Taipei, and other than donating a small amount of money to Tzu Chi to support my fellow countrymen, I really couldn't do a whole lot. I could only say: Go fellow countrymen in Sichuan!! Go Chinese people on both sides of the Strait!! Let me share something I've learned with my friends and countrymen in the mainland, especially those in Sichuan
evac	Lately, the earthquake has attracted the attention of the entire nation, such that some previous news headlines have faded from the public field of vision. In the official homepage of the Shandong International Culture Industry Fair, unexpectedly I saw the news of the Chinese Culture Icon City. On May 13, the second day after the earthquake, the Office of the Organizational Committee of SICIF held a special scheduling meeting, which was attended and addressed by the director of the Chinese Culture Icon City Office of Planning and Development. The Jining Daily on May 13 reported a Jining leader pointed out on the afternoon of May 12 that 8.1 million Jining people were tightly grasping the two major historical opportunities, namely planning and development of the Chinese Culture Icon City and the efforts of Shandong Province to accelerate the development of the Southern Shandong economic belt. The Jining Daily on May 16 carried a top story on the front-page that the county of Liangshan in Jining has decided to implement the development of a "ten billion, billion and hundred million" project, which involves cultivating industries with a sales revenue over 10 billion yuan, nurturing groups with a sales revenue over a billion yuan, and developing projects with an investment over 100 million yuan in three years' time. The news story also mentioned the plan to invest 100 million yuan in the Water Margin Film Studio and Cultural Park
evac shelter	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out
shelter	On January 17, 1995 at 5:46 in the morning, an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale struck the region of Awaji Island in the south of Japan's Hyogo Prefecture. Since it was a powerful earthquake striking directly underneath the nearby metropolis, the region of Hyogo Prefecture surrounding Awaji Island and the Hanshin area was heavily devastated, in particular the port city of Kobe, which was nearly wiped out. Along with local media, Japan's major national media organizations rushed to the disaster zone at the first opportunity, immediately throwing themselves into a drawn-out exercise of disaster relief reporting
utils	Here I'm simply writing down a few thoughts of mine. In the fallout of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, the PLA entered disaster-hit areas for rescue as soon as they could. Due to the urgency in time and unprecedented transparency in news reports, I've been able to see some of the things more clearly than before
shelter	China's central government recently gave the order for wealthier provinces and cities to immediately provide financial and technical assistance to those areas hit by the earthquake disaster. This order enables cities such as Beijing and Shanghai to collaborate with the less developed regions of Sichuan Province. It signifies that China has realized the difficulties inherent in the task of rebuilding each settlement from scratch, and finding accommodation for around five million people
utils food shelter	Since ancient times, the Sichuan basin has "had one third of the land" in China. Regional advantages of Sichuan have a linkage to the surrounding provinces. Setbacks to the Sichuan economy and damages to Sichuan's road transportation will impact the GDP of surrounding regions
utils	According to estimates of AIR Worldwide, a well-known disaster assessment company globally, losses as a direct result of the great earthquake may have exceeded USD $20 billion. However, there's news from the city of Deyang in the earthquake area that losses estimated by the government is as much as RMB 200 billion here in China's powerhouse of heavy equipment alone
shelter	The speed and the scope of influence of transmission over the Internet are enormous. After the rumor "Ma Yun only contributed one yuan to the earthquake relief" appeared on the web, I really worried that too many people had believed this rumor. Supposing that was the case, it would not only harm the reputation of Ma Yun and Alibaba, it would moreover tarnish and sully the sincere compassion towards the people of the disaster zone of those enterprises and entrepreneurs steeped in a sense of social responsibility . The leader of the American civil-rights movement, Martin Luther King, once gave this sort of analogy about rumors: "Rumors are like snowballs; the longer they roll, the larger they become." In the case of these "rumor snowballs" like that about Ma Yun's donations, if we don't put a stop to them, they will certainly roll ever larger. Although it is said that "the wise will not listen to rumors," not everyone has the ability to discriminate. What can really end rumors is not some "wise person," but "openness." Let us take a look here at the real action of Ma Yun and his Alibaba company when confronted by the earthquake disaster
shelter	In the wake of the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, companies have followed up the actual situation with substantial donations, while conducting rational integrated event marketing. Tencent has demonstrated =great strength in this event, as not only has the company donated RMB 10 million, but Tencent users have donated over 10 million in disaster-relief funds
food shelter	China experienced a great earthquake rarely seen in history, which aroused the concern of the Chinese nation including people of Chinese origins across the globe. Several hours after the earthquake, the respected premier, an old man 66 years of age who was a thousand miles away, risked his life to appear at the front line in Sichuan's worst-hit disaster area. Several dozen thousand PLA and Armed Police troops marched a thousand miles and appeared as soon as they could on the scene of disaster-hit areas
evac food shelter	In Sichuan province alone, more than four million buildings collapsed and were damaged in the earthquake. Since May 12, the millions of people who successively evacuated from the disaster areas in Sichuan were relocated to Chengdu, Deyang, Miaoyang, and their surrounding cities. Most of them live in temporary tents or makeshift shelters
shelter	In Sichuan province alone, more than four million buildings collapsed and were damaged in the earthquake. Since May 12, the millions of people who successively evacuated from the disaster areas in Sichuan were relocated to Chengdu, Deyang, Miaoyang, and their surrounding cities. Most of them live in temporary tents or makeshift shelters. Although their life for the short term is expected to have no big problems, after carrying out earthquake relief for one week, the long-term living arrangements for the disaster-stricken people have started to draw the attention of many parties
shelter	It's true; many animals have sensory systems that are much more sensitive than humans'. Vipers can sense infra-red light; elephants and whales can sense subsonic sound; dogs not only have a very acute sense of smell, they can even hear ultrasonic waves... Many animals, particularly cave-dwelling animals, are extremely sensitive to vibration, so even if you move very stealthily, mice can still always easily sense that you are approaching, and make good their escape. Much of the unusual behavior of animals before earthquakes happens because of this. Before many major earthquakes strike, there will be several very small foreshocks. These frequently occurring foreshocks may disturb those animals that are sensitive to vibration. In particular, it should be noted that the earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale that occurred in Haicheng, Liaoning, on February 4, 1975, is the only successful prediction in the world to date that is undisputed, scientifically meaningful, and of benefit to the public. This successful forecast was precisely based on monitoring of frequently occurring foreshocks, rather than on reports of unusual behavior among animals, which were later widely spread
utils food shelter	When the earth is still unrest in the aftermath of the Great Wenchuan Earthquake that rocked China and shocked the world, the premier of the Chinese government has personally travelled to disaster-hit areas to organize disaster-rescue efforts, winning applause from Chinese worldwide and life-respecting international friends alike. With the joint effort of people around the world, countless lives have been promptly saved and homeless victims have been initially placed
evac	Collapsing in the great Wenchuan earthquake were not only buildings, but also a culture of agricultural civilization. Agricultural civilization, characterized by an independent individual economy and a centralized polity of dependent groups, is an early stage in human civilization
utils shelter	Do you know? The 82nd Airborne Division, the first paratroop division in the U.S., the spearhead of the Normandy landings, the backbone of the U.S.'s paratrooper forces in WWII, the Vietnam war, the Afghanistan war and the Iraq war, the king of airborne divisions, with equipment so high-tech it can sneer at the rest of the world -- how many days was it after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans till they went in to do rescue work? A full three days
utils evac food shelter	The strongest earthquake in a generation occurred in Sichuan, China yesterday, resulting in tens of thousands of people being killed, missing, or buried underneath the debris of collapsed housing estates. Emergency rescue efforts were launched across the country as a result. A magnitude 7.9 strong earthquake hit Sichuan, China, causing schools, houses, and factories to collapse. The military and rescue teams in all areas scrambled to advance to the disaster areas by air, land, or sea
utils shelter	Reports said the group of 90 helicopters will join 20 helicopters currently air dropping food and supplies to remote areas. A magnitude 7.9 earthquake hit Sichuan on the 12th. Over 40,000 people are currently known to have died or be missing. Wen Jiabao said at a rescue meeting last night, "We must do everything and spare no cost to rescue people.
shelter	After the strong earthquake occurred in Sichuan, China's Red Cross Society joined with China Mobile, China Unicom and others to open up mobile phone text-message fund-raising channels. Since the platform officially opened at 9 p.m. on the 13th until 1 p.m. of the 16th, more than 3,000 people have made contributions with the total amount reaching 70 million Yuan. "From the continual text messages that came in, we can see the united spirit of ordinary people in China, and the strength of concerted efforts.
food shelter	On the 17th, the report entered Jiuzhaigou County of Sichuan Province from the disaster area of Longnan City Wen County in Gansu Province. The person in charge of the local tourism board explained that with the safe evacuation of 15 tourists from the United States, India, and Israel in the morning of the 17th, thousands of tourists who were stranded there since the Wenchuan earthquake on the 12th all left Jiuzhaigou County safely
evac	Over 100 people including China's State Office for Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language (SOCTFL) Director Xu Lin, President of the University of Arizona Shelton, faculties and students of the university, as well as representatives of local overseas Chinese attended the ceremony. Before the ceremony began, the participants paid silent tribute in a body for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake in China. Xu Lin briefed the participants on the planning and work of the SOCTFL in the next five years. She added that it will promote Chinese language and culture around the world to deepen mutual understanding with people of different countries and better promote exchanges between different cultures
shelter	The reporter learned from China's Ministry of Civil Affairs that in order to further improve the collection and sorting of disaster information, the technical needs to protect disaster victims' emergency transfer and resettlement, and to develop comprehensive evaluation of the disaster, the National Disaster Reduction Committee and the Ministry of Science and Technology have jointly formed an earthquake relief expert team recently. The expert team is composed of experts from different ministries and committees, research institutes, universities and colleges. The main tasks of the expert team are: provide information assurance for decision making in national earthquake relief, provide emergency scientific and technical support for the current earthquake and disaster relief, carry out a comprehensive assessment of the disaster. It is understood that there are four sub-groups under the expert team. They are the evaluation team of seismic intensity, the impact assessment team for seismic-geological disasters, the assessment team for catastrophic disasters, and the comprehensive approach team. The deputy director of expert committee members of the National Disaster Reduction Committee, Professor Shi Peijun, is the team leader of the expert team. It has been explained that the expert team will fully utilize information about the catastrophic earthquake and its disaster chain understood by the departments and units, and produce comprehensive analysis reports and graphic documents through integrated consultation, and provide decision support to relevant departments in forms of recommendations
utils food shelter	China's Wenchuan earthquake that occurred on May 12 pulled the heart strings of the Pakistani government and the people. The government of Pakistan made several donations of money and material to help the affected areas in China. The hearts of the Pakistani children are also linked to the children in the earthquake-stricken areas of China
evac food shelter	Afterwards, he returned to South Korea in the afternoon of the same day on a private plane, ending his four-day state visit to China. Accompanied by Foreign Minster Yang Jiechi, Lee Myung-bak went to the hardest-hit area, the city of Dujiangyan, by car. He inspected the city's Dujiangyan Branch of the Bank of China and Puyang Road Public Fitness Activity Center, which were damaged and had collapsed during the earthquake, and visited Dujiangyan's Sweet Home Earthquake Victim Relocation Site. At the relocation site, Lee Myung-bak expressed his deep sympathy and condolences to the earthquake victims, and visited primary and secondary school students studying at the Sweet Home Earthquake Relief School; elementary school students put a bright red scarf on Lee Myung-bak
utils evac food	Furniture fell in the homes of some residents, but road traffic was normal. However, the most recent report stated that two primary schools in Liangping County, Chongqing collapsed. Over 100 students were injured, four students had died, and some students were buried. After the earthquake, the reporter immediately got in touch with the news center at the Three Gorges Reservoir Area and the Three Gorges Dam
utils	To ensure that the earthquake relief personnel, equipment, materials, and items can be quickly transported to the disaster area, China Southern Airlines has adjusted its capacity as expeditiously as possible to organize sufficient capacity for the relief effort, and has fulfilled one transportation task after another with efficiency and quality. Before dawn on the morning of May 14, two Boeing 747 airplanes were dispatched by China Southern Airlines for earthquake relief transportation to carry 80 tons of communication equipment donated by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. and nearly 10,000 tents from the National Relief Storage Center to quake-hit Chengdu in a timely manner. Meanwhile, on the thirteenth and fourteenth, the airline company arranged for seven Boeing 777 passenger airplanes to provide transportation for the relief work
food shelter	Aftershocks continued through the rainy night of the 13th. When the reporter arrived at the county town of Beichuan in the morning of the 14th, collapses in some places had become more serious. But the reporter was pleasantly surprised to find that rescue workers were still working at the place where the little girl was seen the previous day. That means the little girl was still alive
utils food shelter	After leaders of several countries and international organizations expressed their sympathy and solicitude to China for the earthquake in Wenchuan, Sichuan, some countries have announced in recent days they would provide aid for disaster relief in the Wenchuan disaster area. The reporter learned from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the aid includes US$50 million in cash and US$10 million in supplies that Saudi King Abdullah has decided Saudi Arabia will donate to China to assist it in disaster relief
shelter	Since rich and powerful people and property developers in China have not been active in disaster relief, they were accused and criticized by China's public opinion, and their images have dropped to the bottom. As of the day before yesterday, the top ten richest people in China have only given a total of RMB 32.5 million Yuan (about 143 million NT Dollars) for earthquake relief. Of these, Vanke Real Estate which had sales income of more than 52.3 billion Yuan last year contributed RMB 2.2 million Yuan. SOHO China, which is under China's real estate tycoon, Pan Shiyi, who is currently visiting in Taiwan, gave RMB 2 million Yuan. Reports mentioned that many Internet users lashed out that these real estate developers who have made huge profits were "rich but cruel", "cold-blooded", and "profiteers". Some thoughtful Internet users even posted lists of the richest people and real estate developers in mainland online with their contributions, to have mainland people monitor these rich people together, and let these rich people do their responsibilities for society. Mainland Internet users said that the real estate developers' performance was disappointing in the earthquake disaster relief. They questioned, "The earthquake happened, houses collapsed, where did all the real estate developers go?
utils	An Meijian, expert at the Institute of Geology and Geophysics, Chinese Academy of Geological Sciences, added that the magnitude of the Wenchuan earthquake was a little higher than the Tangshan earthquake. The energy differential was threefold. The greater the seismic waves and energy, the farther the earthquake spreads, causing damage at a further distance. In addition, the location of the Wenchuan earthquake was also very unusual
shelter	Sichuan Deyang City, Ying Hua Town, Ying Feng Chemical Plant dormitory. Tan Jianhua sits anxiously beside the messy dormitory debris. Her husband Chen Fujun is buried in the ruins. It is now over 103 hours since from the time the Wen Cchuan earthquake took placehappened
evac	Sichuan Deyang City, Ying Hua Town, Ying Feng Chemical Plant dormitory. Tan Jianhua sits anxiously beside the messy dormitory debris. Her husband Chen Fujun is buried in the ruins. It is now over 103 hours since from the time the Wen Cchuan earthquake took placehappened. Chen Fujun is not an employee of Ying Feng Chemical Plant. He lives in Mianzhu County, not too far from Ying Hua Town
utils evac food shelter	The high resolution aerial photos and videos taken by a small unmanned plane in the major disaster county of Beichuan showed that there were approximately over 11,000 square meters of construction area in southern part of Beichuan County, visualization of collapsed area accounted for approximately 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. After the magnitude 8 strong earthquake hit Sichuan Wen Chuan, the technology setup work team of the National Disaster Reduction Center under the Ministry of Civil Affairs rushed to the disaster areas of Sichuan earthquake to conduct disaster damage assessment
utils evac food shelter	Preliminary analyses were as follows: (1) The construction area in southern part of Beichuan County shown in the aerial photos was approximately over 11,000 square meters, visualization of collapsed area accounted for about 90,000 square meters, a collapse rate of over 75 percent. (2) The landslide brought about by the earthquake had caused serious damages to the old county town in the southwest of Qushan Town in Beichuan County and had blocked the traffic of provincial-level road S302
shelter	The Sichuan earthquake had claimed the lives of tens of thousands of compatriots. It also unavoidably left survivors with psychological trauma. Normal people can hardly imagine the trembling when the mountains collapsed and the earth cracked, as well as the agony while waiting for rescue
shelter	Vice minister of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Jiang Li, claimed in a news conference organized by the State Council Information Office this afternoon that they have handled the bodies carefully, strictly compliant with the operation rules, respected the dignity of the victims, and done well to appease victims' families. Jiang Li said that the Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Public Security, and Ministry of Health have all dispatched teams of experts. They are already instructing the handling of bodies in the disaster areas. In addition, the Central Ministry of Finance is distributing 5,000 Yuan for the families of each victim for solatium. The Ministry of Civil Affairs has urgently allocated 48 body transportations, cremation, and processing equipment. The Ministry of Civil Affairs, Ministry of Health, and Ministry of Public Security are consulting together, dividing responsibilities in handling the remains. It is necessary to handle victims who are not identifiable. The approach is to let public security and health departments to number, record, and photograph the remains in accordance with the situation in the disaster area, extract materials for DNA testing; these will be in unified storage and testing of public security departments to build a DNA database to indentify the "5.12" earthquake victims
evac	Jiang Yiman also introduced that the Chinese Red Cross Foundation (CRCF) had transferred five batches of a total of 18,510 disaster relief tents after the Wenchuan Great Earthquake occurred. What's more, of the five batches, only the fourth was purchased urgently in Shaanxi with current relief funds and was delivered directly to the distressed areas in Sichuan by the CRCF without using any intermediary links. She also said that CRCF tents were silver-gray with a logo consisting of a red cross and green olive branches as well as the name "Chinese Red Cross Foundation" in both Chinese and English
evac food	As the first visiting head of state in China after the earthquake, Medvedev, at the beginning of his speech, expressed condolences on the great loss suffered by China and promised to try his best to "provide necessary assistance" to China. Prior to this, Russia was already the earliest to deliver batches of material to the disaster areas in Sichuan. The Russian rescue team also rushed to the disaster sites to participate in rescue efforts. On Medvedev's curriculum vitae, he taught in St. Petersburg State University for nine years, giving him a special sentiment for colleges and universities. "Above-average institutions of higher learning train a new generation of scholars and thinkers who will eventually become public figures. Eventually, they will also take up responsibilities of creating new achievements in scientific, economic, political, and cultural areas
shelter	In 1975, Chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the Haicheng earthquake accurately. Those in power at that time used this as teaching materials to show that socialism is superior to capitalism
evac	In 1975, Chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the Haicheng earthquake accurately. Those in power at that time used this as teaching materials to show that socialism is superior to capitalism. Unusual animal behaviors such as "making noises in minor earthquakes and arriving in major earthquakes" were also used as absolute truths in earthquake prediction, and were later widely disseminated. After reform and opening up, China has been geared to international standards for thirty years; but after all, seismology is not a popular subject. Although most scholars have accepted that earthquakes are not predictable, on the public level, there are still a lot of people who believe that there must be some forewarnings for earthquakes. Therefore, after the occurrence of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, incidents such as migration of toads were heated discussions online. If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately. A good nation must learn from disasters before it says how difficult it is to be prosperous. If we did not have sufficient financial resources to build buildings with anti-seismic standards after the great Tangshan earthquake, with unprecedented national strength today, we have every reason to learn from advanced countries and shift the focus of response to earthquakes to measures of disaster reduction
shelter	After reform and opening up, China has been geared to international standards for thirty years; but after all, seismology is not a popular subject. Although most scholars have accepted that earthquakes are not predictable, on the public level, there are still a lot of people who believe that there must be some forewarnings for earthquakes. Therefore, after the occurrence of the Wenchuan earthquake this time, incidents such as migration of toads were heated discussions online. If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately
evac shelter	If anyone said that an earthquake was not predictable, there would be an uproar and they would be castigated immediately. A good nation must learn from disasters before it says how difficult it is to be prosperous. If we did not have sufficient financial resources to build buildings with anti-seismic standards after the great Tangshan earthquake, with unprecedented national strength today, we have every reason to learn from advanced countries and shift the focus of response to earthquakes to measures of disaster reduction
food	The Ministry of Public Security said on the 25th that it will strictly investigate corruption and docking off of disaster relief funds. Audit Office published on the 26th the telephone number and Web site to audit and report Wenchuan earthquake relief funds and materials
utils food shelter	When the news of a strong earthquake that occurred in Wenchuan County arrived on May 12, residents in downtown of Chengdu, who were 92 kilometers from the epicenter, were sleepless through the night. "When one place is in difficulty, support comes from all over". On the evening of May 13, residents of Chengdu Central Garden community crowded in front of the television, watching the reports of the disaster relief situation tensely
utils	On the 15th, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the Ministry of Finance started an emergency procurement procedure, to procure from vendors a number of tents, cotton-quilted coats and blankets, lights, outdoor toilets, and other relief supplies urgently needed in the disaster areas, and delivered to the disaster areas as fast as possible. The National Development and Reform Commission requested to investigate price hikes in the disaster areas. Various price control authorities will conduct comprehensive inspection on food and transportation prices in the disaster areas. They will investigate and deal with violations and irregularities in prices of boxed lunches, instant noodles, biscuits, mineral water, and other convenient foods. The Ministry of Water will put its efforts to implement five major tasks in earthquake relief efforts. The first thing is to ensure flood safety for destroyed reservoirs, hydropower stations, barrier lakes, dikes, silt dams, and culverts, and the most important of the current earthquake relief work is to prevent occurrence of secondary disasters. The second is to increase working teams to investigate the damage of the water supply in rural areas and some cities rapidly, organize efforts to pay close attention to repair damaged water supply facilities, and help the earthquake-stricken areas to restore water supply as soon as possible. The third is to strengthen hydrological forecasting and to do a good job in flood control scheduling. The fourth is to organize and develop emergency repair of damaged water conservancy projects and post-disaster reconstruction planning. The fifth is to ensure that communications with the disaster areas are kept open
shelter	"We have not given up, so how can you consider giving up?" These are the words that a netizen wrote to a survivor still buried under the rubble. Many netizens wait in hope that the tenacity of life can defeat cold ruins and grim hunger and thirst, so that the those surviving may persevere until they emerge from danger, and allow the radiance of life to bloom once again. Love and faith have enabled numerous lives to persist, among whom many have moved us with their strong will and courage: many netizens were deeply touched by the photo featuring a boy, after being salvaged from the ruins, saluting the PLA soldiers. "Uncle, please bring me a bottle of cola, a frozen one." This first request by another boy after being rescued made us smile amidst our tears...... . During an interview with reporters, Huang Jianfa, Director of the China Earthquake Administration's Bureau of Emergency Response and Relief, said that, according to international conventions, there is always hope of finding survivors within the first 7 days, but the probability of finding survivors within the first 3 days is higher
evac	A large area of tunnel 109 of Baocheng Line collapsed in the Wen Chuan earthquake, causing trains to derail and tankers to catch fire. The transport of Baocheng Line was thus interrupted. After the disaster, the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee and the State Council had paid great attention. General Secretary Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao gave important instructions
evac	At 11:00 tonight, 36-year-old driver, Wang Sheng, with 15 years of driving experience, honked a long horn and drove a large container truck out the door of Huzhou Yinge Outdoor Travel Goods Co., Ltd. His destination is Guangyuan City, an earthquake-stricken area in Sichuan Province, which is 2000 kilometers away. Watching the departing vehicle, Chairman of "Yinge", Tang Ye, said with tears in his eyes, "A tent is a home, ah, the suffering compatriots are more anxious than I am!
evac food	"Although the Sichuan earthquake is a disaster, the performances of the Chinese government and the people in the earthquake disaster relief are changing the image of China in the world, letting the outside world see the real China. This is a blessing in an unfortunate event." Mr. Pierre Picard made this comment to a reporter of this newspaper when talking about the Sichuan earthquake
evac food shelter	Beijing correspondent of the Italian "Business News", Mr. [Heath], is a reporter who familiarizes himself with realities, writes diligently, holds fast to objectivity, and is good at thinking. Since the great Wenchuan earthquake occurred in China, Mr. [Heath] has sent numerous reports and comments on the disaster and situations of disaster relief. The following is a summary of a commentary article he recently published. In the face of such a super serious earthquake disaster, China took emergency action within a few hours, and the entire nation was united and mobilized into a race against death in just a few days
evac food shelter	At 2:27:59 early this morning, a 5.3 Richter scale earthquake happened near Tamali Township, 12 kilometers southwest of the seismic station in Taitung City. Since the seismic depth was only 10 kilometers, the largest-magnitude earthquake was 5 in Tamali District and 4 in Taitung City. Many people woke up with a start. Parents held their children to hide beside the bed. A lot of people even rushed out of the door. Mrs. Chen who lives in Dawang Village in Tamali Township said that she watched television news that broadcast the news about Sichuan earthquake last night. It was shocking. She thought about what the situation would be if it happened in Taitung. She fell asleep while she was thinking about it. She did not expect that the earth actually trembled in the middle of the night. She immediately thought that she was dreaming. After she collected herself, she quickly ran out to the street with her family. In addition, Mrs. Li who lives in Taitung City said that her child who sleeps soundly in normal days was also awaken by the shake. He asked with vague awareness, "Is the house shaking?
utils food shelter	Respect the deceased and console the living. Yesterday (May 19) was the first day of the national day of mourning. The people of Shanghai voluntarily participated in memorial services to find sustenance for their grief. At 2:28 p.m. yesterday, whistles were blown all over the city with alarms. City leaders Yu Zhengsheng, Han Zheng, Liu Yungeng, Feng Guoqing, Yin Yicui and others stood in a three-minute silent tribute with all people of the city to express their profound condolences for compatriot victims in the Wenchuan earthquake that occurred in Sichuan. All places in Shanghai were immersed in grief yesterday. Banners that said "Deepest Condolences to Victims of the Sichuan Wenchuan Earthquake" were found everywhere
shelter	Later, Wen Jiabao came to the severely hit Deyang City in a car, and paid a visit to the workers who had rushed to deal with the emergency. At noon on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao called for an interim meeting of the Earthquake Relief Command Headquarters of the State Council in Deyang
utils shelter	After squad leader of an airborne troop force, Ren Tao, whose home was in the hardest-hit Deyang Bajiao Township in Sichuan, heard that his grandmother had died and his mother-in-law had been seriously injured in the earthquate, he quietly hid his grief in the bottom of his heart, picked up the heaviest, hardest, and most dangerous mission of the disaster relief mission, and became one of the 15 warriors who landed in Mao County by parachutes from 4,999 meters high in the sky. Just like Ren Tao, more than 1,500 officers and soldiers of the airborne troop forces whose homes are in the Sichuan disaster area prepared to be involved in the first line of rescuing the wounded, repairing roads, surveying the disaster situation, and dropping materials; this is while facing the grief of their own collapsed homes, and deceased or seriously injured loved ones
shelter	Turning around, he got back onto the earthquake relief team again. 80% of the houses in the hometown of a deputy commander of a communications regiment, Wang Guoping, had collapsed, and there was no news at all from family members. Wang Guoping couldn't even pause to ask for information on the situation of loved ones, and focused on leading his forces to carry out his mission to protect communications in Shifang
utils	80% of the houses in the hometown of a deputy commander of a communications regiment, Wang Guoping, had collapsed, and there was no news at all from family members. Wang Guoping couldn't even pause to ask for information on the situation of loved ones, and focused on leading his forces to carry out his mission to protect communications in Shifang
evac	As a disaster is a directive, every second counts for a survivor. Upon receiving the notice, this troop immediately collected the personnel and arranged for equipment and materials. At 4:45 p.m., the rescue squad of 150 members, headed by the leaders of the corps, quickly moved to Nanyuan Airport with 12 search dogs, 2 rescue vehicles, 1 command vehicle and more than 180 instruments and devices for detection, search, and rescue, and joined the leaders of the seismological bureau and other medical teams. At 10:30 pm, they arrived at Taiping Airport in Chengdu. At 12:30 am, the rescue squad drove toward Dujiangyan. Upon arriving at the disaster site, they immediately launched the rescue operation. As of 12:50 a.m on the thirteenth, they had successfully rescued 19 survivors. At 9:10 a.m. on the thirteenth, Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the State Council, appeared at the disaster site in person and expressed his appreciation to the rescue staff. As a member of the China International Search and Rescue Team, this corps carried out 9 rescue missions in earthquake, tsunami, and avalanche disasters in Algeria, Iran, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Xinjiang and Qinghai provinces
food	Huge crowd of people were in front of the donation sites of all departments and units of the central government organs. There were leading cadres at all levels as well as the vast ordinary cadres; there were over 80-year-old grey-haired elderly who had retired as well as young faces who just started work not long ago. Some comrades who could not make a financial donation at the site due to factors including going on business trips entrusted other comrades to donate money on their behalf;. Some cadres and employees who were not well-off or even very poor also gave money to donate to the disaster areas without hesitation;. A 104-year-old elderly specially entrusted a staff to deliver the contribution;. A cadre who lost his families in the Tangshan earthquake stuffed another 5,000 yuan into the donation box after stuffing 2,000 yuan into it. Some seriously ill patients who had difficulty moving about insisted on coming to the donation sites......Up until 18:00 on the 14th, the central government organs had donated 271 million and the contributions are still continuing. Every donation embodies the deep feeling of the vast cadres and staff toward the people of the disaster areas;. Each donation has a moving story. These donations that embody the deep feeling and love of the vast cadres and staff are converging in the disaster areas
utils shelter	In a fund-raising activity organized by the General Administration of Sport on May 14, Guo Jingjing contributed 100,000 Yuan in cash, and expressed her condolences with other athletes to people in the disaster areas. Guo Jingjing sent her best wishes to the people of disaster areas in Sichuan, "I hope that the victims are on their way to heaven, and hope the injured who have hope of survival will stick it out even if there was any only a slight chance of survival. I wish the affected people will be able to rebuild their homes as soon as possible." Not long ago, Guo Jingjing participated in the Mexico diving series competition and the Canadian Diving Competition. She has maintained her winning record in both single and double competitions. Then she will also participate in the British series competition. Guo Jingjing hopes to use her own performances to do something for the disaster areas
utils food shelter	After the Wenchuan earthquake hit Sichuan, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development immediately activated a water supply contingency plan in order to ensure the safe water supply for the cities and towns of the disaster areas. After the earthquake, this Ministry provided portable water purification equipment as soon as feasibly possible, and spared no effort in providing safe drinking water
evac	After the Wenchuan earthquake hit Sichuan, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development immediately activated a water supply contingency plan in order to ensure the safe water supply for the cities and towns of the disaster areas. After the earthquake, this Ministry provided portable water purification equipment as soon as feasibly possible, and spared no effort in providing safe drinking water. Currently, more than 60 sets of such equipment have been sent to the disaster areas. Each set can meet the drinking water needs of between 3,000 and 5,000 people. And various places have been motivated to donate a total of 33 water delivery vehicles. This equipment can effectively filter germs and viruses and ensure the safety of the drinking water, and has played a critical role at the locations where victims gathered. Moreover, the rescue teams from 27 cities have entered the disaster areas at different times to assist in the restoration of various facilities. To ensure the safety of the provisional water supply, this Ministry has focused on the prevention of germs and viruses, and gathered 1.3 million drinking water disinfection pills and 5 sets of water sterilization equipment, usually employed by water supply plants. Meanwhile, water purifiers for a single person or household have been handed out to ensure drinking water safety in outdoors situations. A supply of 3,000 of such devices has been collected, with 750 already delivered for use in the disaster areas
evac	The General Hospital of the Chengdu Military Command treated the first wounded victim only 7 minutes after the earthquake, and its medical team was the first to rush to the disaster site of the Juyuan Middle School in Dujiangyan, where more than 3,000 wounded victims have been treated and more than 1,000 operations have been performed in the past 15 days. None of the seriously wounded victims treated by the team have died. Huang Meihua and Ji Lei, two primary school pupils from Yuli Town in Beichuan County, received surgical treatment here
utils evac food shelter	On May 19, General Secretary Hu Jintao gave an important directive on arranging for the livelihood of the Hui ethnic people of Qingchuan County in the Guangyuan Prefecture, Sichuan Province and immediately providing the Muslim food urgently needed by Hui ethnics. In their letter of thanks, the Muslim people told General Secretary Hu that the more than 2,000 Hui ethnic victims, including the residents across the township and the refugees from other places, now have access to not only drinking water and lodging but also the Muslim food specially delivered by the government, and "We, with deep affection, thank the CPC Central Committee, General Secretary Hu, the people's government, family-like PLA for their care and love to the minority ethnic people of the disaster areas.
shelter	Huang He was 15 years old when the Tangshan earthquake happened. Her parents and two younger brothers were all killed. She was hurled out of the house and survived. She was the only person left in the family. Zhang Hong was seven years old. Her parents were killed. She was buried in the ruins for a day and a night and was rescued by the officers and men of the Liberation Army
evac	Under the nurture of the Party and the army, they became a soldier and a healthcare worker and were repeatedly named outstanding healthcare workers by their units. After the Wen Chuan earthquake, the disaster situation worried them a lot. They strongly requested to go to the frontline of the disaster areas to take part in the rescue effort. Huang He is about to retire. The leadership did not plan on allowing her to participate in the beginning. However, she went to see the hospital leaders on her own initiative and firmly requested to go to the frontline. Under the situation of feeling sick and being hospitalized for treatment, she injected haemostatic and antibiotics and hid the truth from the doctor. When she received the order to set off, she pulled out the tube and rushed to the disaster areas with the clinic
food shelter	Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed. Therefore, parachuting and airlifting rescue must be carried out on a large scale, and reporters must be placed there as soon as possible, provided that spots of airlifting and parachuting are determined first by way of airborne surveillance
food shelter	Hiding information is not advisable even if the entire town has been buried alive! Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake, such as Chengdu, Mianyang, Ya'an and Dujiangyan, are instead more easily accessible. Conversely, Wenchuan and Li County, both hard hit by the disaster, where people are most jeopardized cannot be accessed
utils food shelter	Sometime past 4 o'clock, I read the online news saying that Wenchuan, Sichuan had experienced a large earthquake, Chengdu and Chongqing had felt powerful tremors, and a large area of Sichuan shook
shelter	Lately, I've been watching live broadcasts every day, on TV and online. There has been gusts of compassion and gusts of enthusiasm. I've been wanting to do something for disaster relief. I met with Zhu Zheqin at noon. She said she didn't even dare to always watch TV, because she would have the urge to fly to disaster-hit areas right away, but she couldn't leave due to the work on hand. She felt so sad that it gave her a stomach pain. She said she had bought clothes worth a million yuan together with friends and donated to disaster-hit areas; she also wanted to buy medications to give away to disaster-hit areas upon hearing that there was a serious shortage of medications there. She called the UNESCO regarding disaster relief. They said don't worry, they've got a list of materials, and they could let her see if there's anything else needed? A friend of Zhu Zheqin's collected a pirated CD and gave it to her, which included selected songs of Zhu Zheqin. When she listened, Zhu Zheqin was suddenly moved by one of the songs. That is "the Child Going Far Away" from Yellow Children, an album before her Sister Drum, which was ten years old. Hearing the song, she thought of the children in the earthquake and didn't sleep well the whole night
shelter	Elementary schools and middle schools in Japan are the havens for surrounding residents during the time of an earthquake. The construction of the buildings does not feature luxury but great sturdiness. In an earthquake like the one in Sichuan, the school buildings probably would not have collapsed. In Japan, a structural mechanics calculation must be made by an architect before construction of any house, including ordinary people's houses, can start, to ensure it won't collapse during an earthquake of a certain magnitude
